===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-25 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive 2025 first quarter conference call. This call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgatepalmolive.com. Now for opening remarks, I would like to turn this call over to Chief Investor Relations Officer and Executive Vice President, M&A, John Faucher. Thanks, Betsy.
John Faucher: Good morning and welcome to our first quarter 2025 earnings release conference call. This is John Faucher. Today's conference call will include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from these statements. Forward-looking statements inherently involve risks and uncertainties and are made on the basis of our views and assumptions at this time. Please refer to the earnings press release and our most recent filings with the SEC, including our 2024 annual report on Form 10-K, and subsequent SEC filings, all available on our website, for a discussion of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these statements. These remarks also include a discussion of non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude certain items from reported results, including those identified in tables three, five, and six, of the first quarter earnings press release. Full reconciliation of the corresponding GAAP financial measures and related definitions are included in the earnings press release, which is available on our website. Joining me on the call this morning are Noel Wallace, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer, and Stan Sutula, Chief Financial Officer. Noel will provide you with his thoughts on our results and our 2025 outlook. We will then open it up for Q&A. Noel?
Noel Wallace: Great. Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. Thanks to all of you for joining us today as we discuss our Q1 results. We came into 2025 prepared for the volatility and uncertainty. As such, we built flexibility into our plans knowing that this year would be more difficult than the years that preceded it. And while 2025 is shaping up to be even more volatile than expected, we believe the work we have done and the work we continue to do positions us well to deliver solid results in this challenging environment. I see two key challenges and two key opportunities as I look to the rest of 2025. The first challenge is the weaker consumer, as you have heard throughout the week. While a slowdown in category pricing was always built into our assumptions for 2025, macroeconomic and consumer uncertainty we saw in Q1, not just in the US, but also in other countries around the world, had a negative impact on volume growth and therefore category growth in the quarter. Our strategy is focused on selling daily use products. We believe that consumers are still brushing their teeth, taking showers, cleaning their floors, and feeding their pets. But there may have been some pantry de-loading and some modest retailer destocking in the quarter as a result. We have seen some signs of category improvement in April, and our experience tells us that consumers will return to these categories. We are focused on giving consumers reasons to come back to our brands. We will continue to deliver value-added, science-based core innovation like the relaunch of Colgate Total and the relaunch of Hill's Science Diet with ActiveBiome technology to add meaningful value to our products so that consumers choose our brands. The second challenge is tariffs. As we said in the prepared commentary, we expect the impact of tariffs that have been announced since our conference call in January and that are currently in effect to have an incremental impact of roughly $200 million in 2025 versus our initial guidance. This is a fluid situation, and we will continue to monitor and respond to it over the course of the year. That is why we remain focused on continuing to take advantage of and build on the flexibility we have built into our supply chain over the past several years. As I mentioned on the Q4 call, we have changed many of our sourcing strategies and also invested approximately $2 billion in our supply chain in the United States over the past five years, which leaves us better positioned to adapt to this changing environment. We have developed and are continuing to develop plans to deal with the tariffs over the short, medium, and long term, including alternative sourcing, formula simplification, shifting production, and revenue growth management. But we also have opportunities in this environment through advantages we have built up in our commitment to executing against our strategy. We are taking advantage of the breadth and strength of our global portfolio. In the majority of our categories, we offer products across all price tiers. We are fine-tuning our promotional strategy so that consumers can still choose the right Colgate-Palmolive product even if they feel less certain about their own financial well-being. Our geographic breadth gives us more opportunities for growth as we are less exposed to any single market. Our focus over the past few years on building brand health means that our brands are stronger now than they ever were before. We believe healthier brands will perform better in a difficult market environment. The second advantage is the strength and flexibility we built into our P&L and the balance sheet over the past several years. The strength of our P&L enables us to continue to invest in our brands and capabilities. While all companies may experience pressure on brand investment given the volatility, we ended 2025 with advertising spending at an all-time high and feel that our focus on driving ROI leaves us well-positioned to compete effectively. We also remain committed to investing in and scaling capabilities like AI, data analytics, and innovation, areas that will take on even greater importance in this more volatile environment. We also have the advantage of a strong balance sheet with low levels of net debt and plans to drive significant cash flow to fund growth and productivity. We think you can see the results of this focus on the P&L and balance sheet in our first quarter results, where we delivered strong profit growth despite the volatility in the quarter. So we look to the balance of 2025 knowing that we are well-positioned to deal with known challenges as well as the ones yet to come. Our commitment to our strategy and the strength of our execution and team give us the confidence that we will deliver on our 2025 goals while positioning ourselves to deliver long-term growth and strong shareholder return. And with that, I will take your questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question and answer session. If you would like to ask a question, please press star, then one. You may reenter the question queue. Once again, if you would like to ask a question, please press star. The first question today comes from Peter Grom with UBS. Please go ahead.
Peter Grom: Thanks, operator. Good morning, everyone. So Noel, you touched on the consumer pressures and weakness. As you said, it has been a big topic of discussion across the group this week. But I would love to get your perspective on what you have seen from a consumption perspective across your categories as you move through the quarter and into April. And then just as we look ahead, how do you see that consumption or category growth evolving as we move through the year? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Yes. Good morning, Peter. Thank you. So maybe let me just step back and talk about contextually and strategically how we are approaching the operating environment in general and pretty consistent with a lot of the discussions we have had at CAGNY, Boston, and over the last couple of years, which is our focus is on continuing to drive household penetration and improve the brand health, which is ultimately going to deliver that long-term sustainable growth for us. We have improved the health of our brands, and that we believe is from upon, and we are executing against that strategy, we think, in an extraordinarily difficult environment. Now we highlighted coming into the year that this year would be a little bit slower. That was reflected in our guidance. It was based on the fact that we would have less pricing given some of the hyperinflationary price we had last year. We would be shifting more toward volume growth. What has changed this year is that the volume growth in our categories, as you rightfully mentioned and you have heard from others, has slowed a bit. So just to give you some context on that, let me take the US as a good example. That is where most of our data is from. We have seen that through February in our categories, all twelve of those eleven of twelve of those categories are actually down sequentially through February. I think importantly, we saw some half of those categories down sequentially in March and half of them improved. And as you move into April, you have seen a better improvement across most of those. Not to where we were historically, so we are not out of the woods yet, but the good news is we are starting to see more stability as we move through April. If you look around globally, pretty consistent with that. A lot of marketplaces in February, seen a little bit more improvement in March. And we expect over the medium term, probably more towards the back half of the year, then we will start to see more normalization of the categories. Consumers will come back. They have destocked some of their pantries, but these are everyday use categories as I mentioned upfront. And we have an expectation as we built into our guidance that categories will come back in the medium term. I expect the second quarter to continue to be soft given the uncertainty that continues to exist. But the early signs that we are seeing in April at least give us some confidence that categories will slowly come back as the consumers settle down and the economic uncertainty that surrounds the markets around the world improves.
Operator: The next question comes from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Andrea Teixeira: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. Just building into what you answered to Peter, in regards to North America, you mentioned, like, the middle of April even in the prepared remarks had been slightly better. So is that, like, from a shipment perspective and consumption as well, because what we saw, obviously, in the first quarter was a negative 3% organic sales growth. And so obviously, as you said, not out of the woods yet. Can you comment a bit on where you stand right now? And in terms of the main question that I would say is in that in thinking about your flat gross margin, right, and the investments that you rightfully so have been planning for innovation, including what you called out, Total and Hello, how we should be thinking of the competitive environment as you go into 2025? Is that continues to be as relatively healthy in oral care and also in home care? And how are you embedding that in the whole context of that improvement in the category and investment behind the brands? Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Thanks, Andrea, and good morning. Let me take the obviously, the category discussion on North America first. And I think we are quite consistent with what you have heard from other CPGs throughout the last couple of weeks is that the categories took a real step down in February. As a result, trade started to adjust their inventories as a result of the slower consumption they saw from the consumer. And we highlighted this very early back at CAGNY, and we saw the slower consumption and the destocking that you may have heard is really a function of where the consumer is. And the consumer was soft in February, a little bit better in March, and we are seeing a little bit better in April. And subsequently, as you see things get a little bit better, you see the inventories typically hold or get a little bit better, and you see consumption come back. And that would reflect in our shipments as well. I would not say anything too material there. But the good news is indicative of where we have seen the categories, our shipments seem to be pacing well with that. Now we have more work to do in North America. That team is very focused on implementing some sharpness in their strategy, particularly around getting innovation right, getting price by pack architecture right, improving productivity through our facilities, in the plant, and getting the advertising ROI elevated. So a lot of focus in those areas. We feel good about the new team that we put in North America now. And as we go into the back half, we expect to see things generally start to improve. In terms of the competitive environment in general, we are seeing, as I have I think characterized before, quite constructive. We do not see promotion numbers going through unusual rates as a result of that promotion. Volume on promotion is pretty consistent with where it has been. And you would hope that the category, the focus from ourselves and our competitors will continue to be on adding value to the category through innovation. And that is historically what has driven our household penetration and our success, and we will continue to focus on that. It will not be a promotion environment that will turn things around. It will be the excitement that we bring to the categories through our innovation.
Operator: The next question comes from Filippo Falorni with Citi. Please go ahead.
Filippo Falorni: Hi. Good morning, everyone. I wanted to ask you about your pricing approach. Obviously, pricing has decelerated in Q1, but you mentioned some incremental pricing in some emerging markets throughout the quarter. So maybe you can give us a sense of how you think the pricing contribution to organic sales can evolve. And then specifically in developed markets, how do you think pricing as a way to offset some of those tariff headwinds that you called out? I know you mentioned a lot of different levers, but I wonder how pricing falls within that rank. Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Good morning, Filippo. Thank you. Pricing was more or less where we expected in the quarter. And importantly, it improved sequentially on a two-year stack basis. And particularly, you will remember that the comp was quite difficult. Latin America, less the Argentina benefit, obviously, we have announced some pricing in Latin America, which is consistent with our strategy, and we will see that execute in the second quarter and into the third and fourth quarter in Mexico and Brazil. And we will see, obviously, that continue to normalize moving forward. Well, anyone's guess on where Argentina will be with inflationary pricing, but right now, that market is quite constructive, and importantly, we see ourselves gaining both volume and value share in that market. So we are quite pleased with that. US pricing improved sequentially, which is encouraging, but as we had indicated back at CAGNY and on the fourth quarter call, you know, pricing would we had made some adjustments in the back half of 2024, and we expected those to flow through the P&L in the first half of 2025, and that is exactly where we are seeing, and I would expect the second quarter to be quite consistent with that, and we will start to see improvements as we move through the back half. If I then go around the world a bit, we are really encouraged by Europe and the pricing that we are getting there. I think our real focus on premium innovation and improving mix in Europe has played out, and it has certainly delivered another very strong quarter for the European business, and that is a function, I think, of the strategy that we are deploying there. And if you look at the rest of the world, good pricing in Africa. Some challenging issues in Asia, more on the volume side quite than on the pricing side as we saw the China market slow a bit. But overall, I think all the work we put into RGM over the last couple of years and the sophistication that we are using now with AI to help us get better diagnosis and better predictability of how our promotions and our pricing will take effect in the marketplace is allowing us to get more in there. But most importantly, I think, is the innovation that we are putting in the market. You saw an improvement in mix this quarter, which is just terrific to see. The pricing environment will continue to be challenging. I think, in terms of where things go now. As tariffs take hold, I think everyone will be looking for ways to create value in the category. That will be principally driven, in my view, through innovation, but there will be some pricing that will have to take place in certain markets around the world, and we will take that on a market and category basis as we move forward.
Operator: The next question comes from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Dara Mohsenian: Hey, good morning. So just to follow up on a couple of those questions. I was hoping to get a little more granular in emerging markets specifically. A, just can you give us a bit more detail on what you are seeing at a consumer level given some of the broader macro concerns in general? It does seem like India softened a bit. But, you know, just curious for your perspective on any change dynamics and what you are seeing there. And then B, just your market share performance in the quarter in emerging markets, Latin America is obviously a key area. Also just touch on China and what you are seeing there. That would be helpful. Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Great, Dara. Good morning. So overall, again, if I take a step back, volume was positive in the quarter ex-private label. And I think our exposure to emerging markets continues to play favorably for us given that we are seeing certainly an impact from the economic uncertainty and the volatility that we have seen particularly here in North America, but that has certainly spread across the world. Saw that in February. But as a result, we have seen things come back a little faster in some of our emerging markets as we move through the end of the quarter into April. And we expect that we will see some improvements moving forward. If we look specifically at Latin America market shares and your comment there, the market shares are very, very strong. Our volume share continues to perform exceptionally well in Latin America. We are up value share holding in the quarter, and that is obviously at a very high number. Market shares in Africa, Middle East, continue to be very strong and growing in those markets. So we are encouraged by that despite some of the softness that we saw in Turkey on the volume side as well as South Africa. And then if I take specifically on Asia, China continues to be a challenge, and that market continues to be quite soft, particularly on our Hawley and Hazel business, and I have talked about that quite extensively. I was just in China with the team, and we are in the midst of executing a revised go-to-market strategy and doing some things around the innovation side, particularly on our joint venture with Hawley and Hazel. The Colgate business happily continues to perform very, very well. The Colgate side of the business delivered mid-single-digit organic growth, both on pricing and volume growth in the quarter, so we are encouraged by that. But China continues to be a challenging environment. On India, not much I can say as they will announce in the next couple of weeks. But we did see the continued softness in the urban markets as we have highlighted before.
Operator: The next question comes from Bonnie Herzog with Goldman Sachs. Thank you. Good morning.
Bonnie Herzog: Hi. I had a question on your advertising spend. You updated the guide to flat spending as a percent of sales for the year versus flat to slightly previously. So just wondering, is that a function of any change in your innovation plan and timing of launches for the rest of the year? Possibly to reflect reduced appetite, you know, given end markets, you know, softness. And then specifically on innovation, curious to hear if your plans have changed or evolved, you know, given end market slowdown perhaps more towards the value end of the spectrum given consumer pressures? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Yes. Thanks, Bonnie. Good morning. So no change at all relative to our innovation. Quite frankly, if I get into specifics on innovation, this environment, we are having lots of discussions about accelerating our innovation in the back half to stimulate consumption more at a varied degree of price point. So if anything, innovation will continue to accelerate. The revision is a function of a couple of things. One, as I have mentioned, we are seeing opportunities to continue to drive our reach at our frequency through optimized spending. And that will continue to be a sharpened focus. You know, second, you know, particularly given some of the softness in categories, it is only prudent and appropriate at this point to balance flexibility that we built into the P&L. And that is exactly what we are doing. We do not see it hindering at all our strategy in terms of what we are doing through our accelerated core innovation and adjacencies. We do not see it hindering on our premiumization strategy, which we think continues to be a real growth opportunity for the business. And we are focused on that spending in markets where we are seeing the best growth opportunities for the company, and that will continue to be the case. So and the other point I would make is if you take that on a local currency, local currency advertising will still be quite strong. And likely up on the year, and that is really what we need to look at in terms of the effectiveness of the spend and the absolute dollar spending that we have going through the P&L.
Operator: The next question comes from Robert Moskow with TD.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Thanks. Noel, I was hoping you could dive a little deeper into Hill's. I think you talked about some signs of consumers trading down during the first quarter. Are you still seeing that, or is the Hill's brand holding up okay in this kind of dynamic? And secondly, you know, you have a lot of growth in wet. You have added capacity to expand in wet. How do consumers view wet in the Hill's portfolio? Is it more expensive? Is there any kind of trading down within formats like that?
Noel Wallace: Great. Thanks, Robert. You know, just a clarification, some of the trade down that we have talked about was specifically in the super premium to the mid-tier in North America on toothpaste. And that is to a certain extent what we are seeing. I will characterize that we have seen no trade down in the private label. In fact, quite the opposite. Private label is either flat to down in the US as well as Europe. So the trade down is not necessarily there. We have seen some trade down from super premium in the mid-tier, but nothing that is terribly concerning, but something that we will obviously address as we move through the back half of this year. Specifically on Hill's, no trade down. And the Hill's story, quite frankly, is really, really exciting. So ex-private label, that business was up 5% in organic growth on fundamentally a flat category. So we are obviously doing exceptionally well from a top-line standpoint, and that is really across all price tiers that we operate in, which is very focused on, obviously, the super premium. But, you know, a couple of data points that I think are interesting. We grew organic sales in every combination that we measure. So wet, dry, treats, cat, dog, prescription diet, and science diet. So the strength of the business in the first quarter was broad-based. And we saw that in market share. We saw that in penetration, and we saw that consistently across all retail environments here in the US. So typically, we do not have that broad base of success. We are very pleased with that. Why is that? A couple of things. One, we continue to keep strong investment in the category. Two, we have had a terrific innovation that seeded itself in the market in the first quarter, and we will see that play out through the rest of the year. Three, we have talked very extensively about the fact that even though the category has flattened a bit, we still have significant growth opportunities in areas like wet, as you rightfully point out, Robert. We see significant growth opportunities in cat, and that is exactly the way we are executing our strategy to go after those low index categories that we operate in today and get the incremental growth versus the category. That is bringing value to our retailers, which they love. That is bringing penetration to our brand, and that is ultimately growing the market share for our business. I think the other pleasing aspect was the incredible strong margin performance of the Hill's business in the quarter. So up, you know, roughly 450 basis points, part of that private label going out, but the other half was, again, very focused on driving much more efficiency and productivity through our facilities, which are operating much more effectively, getting pricing, a little bit of pricing in the category, and the strength of our innovation on the premium side as well as the mix spend benefit we are seeing through improved prescription diet. So, you know, overall, a combination of innovation, funding the growth, and productivity is playing out to a very healthy P&L, allowing us to accelerate advertising in an area where we see significant growth opportunities, particularly in those under-indexed segments.
Operator: The next question comes from Kaumil Gajrawala with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Kaumil Gajrawala: Hey, everybody. Not to keep it too macro, but do you feel like you have a sense of the sort of why behind the slowdown in February as you kind of know, dug into it and I recognize things are evolving or getting better in April, but do you have a good sense of what exactly was going on with the consumer at that time? And then around the world, but in particular, you know, we are looking at $60 oil. Many of your markets are very much linked to commodity cycles and such. So I am just curious if you are sort of reassessing how you approach your forecast on inflation and pricing and those sorts of things in some of those markets. Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Yeah. Let me take the first part of that, and I will hand the second part off to Stan. So listen, you know, in our view, what happens globally and it is pretty consistent that uncertainty creates a pensive and anxious consumer. And when you have uncertainty in terms of macroeconomics and everything surrounding that, consumers tend to hunker down, and they are very cautious about the outlook. You see that obviously in the travel industry, with people having, you know, questions on where how they are going to spend their money. You see that obviously very forthrightly in discretionary products, and even in our categories that are nondiscretionary, you will see consumers destock their pantries and not necessarily buy that extra tube or that extra body wash as they see obviously a very volatile external environment. So historically, as we have gone through these shifts, we have seen the category soften a bit in terms of consumption. But ultimately, they are everyday use categories, they will come back, but they will come back at a pace that is consistent with the consumer confidence levels that exist in the marketplace. And as you see consumer confidence continue to return, which we expect it will in the medium term, I would say, you know, over the balance of the back half of this year moving, hopefully, into 2026, you will see the consumption improve. We will continue to accelerate our pace of innovation, which will bring excitement into the categories and give consumers a reason to come back into the categories. We will continue to maintain our advertising as a way to drive excitement into the category as well. So as a result of that, we expect over the medium and longer term, the categories will come back, but it is really driven by the shock to the system in February based on all the rhetoric and existing around the world and the concerns with where the economies were headed. And as a result of that, consumers were very cautious. So with that, let me turn it over to Stan for the inflation question.
Stan Sutula: So any inflation related to commodities specifically, overall, excluding tariffs, we continue to expect modest raw material inflation. And while there has been some volatility in there, oil has come down, but opposite that, we have seen palm and tallow actually go up. So in total, we expect that right now still modest raw material inflation. We tackle that the same way we always do, which is going after driving productivity to help us offset those increases and then constantly looking at formulation and supply chain efficiencies and optimizing that. So we will continue to leverage funding the growth to drive that gross margin to help offset those commodities as you would expect we watch them very closely looking to see if we will see some changes in trajectory particularly in the second half. But as of now, on balance, we still see modest inflation.
Operator: The next question comes from Robert Ottenstein with Evercore. Please go ahead.
Robert Ottenstein: Great. Thank you very much. And first, I just want to give a quick shout out to the team at Hill's. We moved our dog over to Hill's Science Diet Small Bites. It is the only dry food she will eat, and her mood, her health has dramatically improved as has my family's happiness. So thank you for that. I am going to talk about Europe. Can you talk maybe just a little bit about why you are doing so well there, the role of ELMEX in the strategy, what you have learned from that, and then maybe even more importantly, can you shift that strategy to other major markets to get the same kind of amazing results that you are getting in Europe now? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Thanks, Rob. And I am nothing but pleased to hear that your dog is on Science Diet. And I am pleased that the owner of that dog is nutritional of compliments we bring to that. Hopefully, you have seen our new campaign. We have launched a new campaign on Hill's and a new brand positioning, which has been extremely well received in the marketplace, and it talks about the love that pet owners have for their dogs and the guilt they feel when they leave them at home. And we feel like we have really anchored in on an incredible unique consumer insight that will leverage the wonderful product that we provide to our pet owners. On Europe specifically, obviously, another very strong quarter for Europe with organic growth across all hubs. And I think what was important is to see the volume growth. We talked about a little bit earlier, you know, obviously, some volume growth sluggishness in emerging, but we see that coming back. But the volume growth in Europe was terrific. Remember, we were comping up four volume growth in the first quarter of last year, and we put a three on top of that. So I think it continues to reflect a couple of things. One, as you rightfully point out, we have seen terrific market share point market share growth in the region, particularly in our oral care business, and that is both on the Colgate franchise, as well as the Elmex and Meridol franchises. And that has obviously helped drive incremental margin in the P&L that has allowed us to actually increase our advertising levels in Europe across more categories. And so that is certainly played out in the overall health of the business. Specific question on Elmex, that continues to operate very, very strongly as we strategically invest in those markets where we have strong pharmacy shares and where we have democratized the brand in certain countries. And the good news is that strategy of innovation, strong advertising, strong professional advocacy, and endorsement for the business. I have talked about in various public forums on we are being very selective on how we take Elmex into other markets around the world. It is not a one or two-year investment. It is a five to ten-year play out in terms of how we see how the decision to make that strategic shift. And we are excited about what we have seen in Brazil. That business continues to operate very well in Brazil. We have seen it expand into a couple of other markets, particularly in the Middle East, where we are encouraged. We will be selective, but that remains a growth opportunity for the business as we move into the balance of 2025 and 2026. But it will be very selective and a long-term strategy, not a short-term gain in terms of, you know, generating incremental margin and volume. For a quarter, we are going to look at it over a three-year horizon.
Operator: The next question comes from Kevin Grundy with B. N. C. Please go ahead.
Kevin Grundy: Great. Thanks. Good morning, everyone. So, Noel, my question on tariffs, and I appreciate the situation sort of continues to evolve. Two questions, please. One, if you could just speak broadly to the sources of the tariff exposure, China imports, recyclable tariffs, retaliatory tariffs, just kind of broad brushstrokes would be useful for folks. Then two, please speak to your ability to offset the $200 million called out. If I am not mistaken, there was not offset in there per se, or at least you spoke to $200 million gross. So maybe just talk about productivity, revenue growth management, and sourcing. It does not seem like pricing is the preferred path from companies we have heard from, and there are myriad moving parts competitively, how you are positioned, where you are sourcing versus the competition, etcetera. But it does not seem like pricing is the preferred path for you or for others. Maybe just confirm that that is your stance as we sit here today. So thanks for all that.
Stan Sutula: Okay. Well, why do not I start, and Noel can add on some color. For tariffs, our revised guidance includes $200 million of gross incremental impact from tariffs that have been announced since our Q4 earnings release and are in effect. It does not include tariffs that have been announced and either delayed or postponed. So the incremental impact is fairly equally split from Q2 through Q4. And the incremental impacts are primarily tariffs on raw materials and finished goods coming from China into the US and from the US into China. That is the predominant makeup. Strategically, we aim to have local manufacturing as the cost of shipping many of our products long distances can be very high. And over the last several years, we have lowered our supply chain exposure to China, part of our overall supply chain strategy. We spent the past few years building more flexibility into our global supply chain. It is not necessarily about building more capacity. It is about making better use of that existing capacity and alternative sourcing. We have also invested meaningfully in the US. We mentioned this in prepared remarks in our US supply chain. Almost $2 billion over the past five years between investment in our oral care, personal care, and home care businesses, along with the purchase of pet food capacity and the opening of our Tonganoxie wet pet food facility. We have increased our number of US-based manufacturing facilities by more than 40% over this time. So we are working hard to mitigate the incremental cost from tariffs, but we are going to do that through a combination of approaches: productivity, revenue growth management, formulation, sourcing, and optimizing our supply chain. So the impact of those tariffs is included in our revised guidance, where we said that gross profit margin would be roughly flat.
Noel Wallace: Yeah. So, you know, as I mentioned, it is a country-category combination, and you cannot look at this holistically. You have to look at it on a category basis where the tariffs are having the most impact. And so we are going to be looking at all of our business to be able to offset these tariffs moving forward. And I can assure you we are extremely focused on this. As you heard from Stan, we have made a lot of changes over the last couple of years relative to mitigating our reliance on single-source countries. We have reduced our reliance on raw materials and finished products coming out of China. And as a result, we have a lot more flexibility in the supply chain than we have had before. But the sheer size of some of these tariffs requires us to balance our strategy moving forward in terms of how we think we can offset that. The mitigation will come across not just the impact of categories, but all the categories where we feel we can offset with productivity, which will be our main focus. Continuing to accelerate our funding to growth opportunities, innovation, as I mentioned upfront, we will step up our innovation to particularly drive more premiumization in the category and more absolute dollar margin moving through the P&L. And, of course, our revenue growth management. We will certainly look at that as an ongoing strategy that we have always looked at as ways to drive value in the category and drive more margin growth for the business. So it will be a combination of all those elements. I can assure you that the teams are deeply focused on this across the board. We will watch the market very carefully. But there is no question that we want to get out ahead of this as fast as we possibly can. And not wait for the what-if to see if it happens. We need to take steps to make sure we protect the margin and, importantly, the advertising and the innovation plans we have in the P&L.
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Carey with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Chris Carey: Hi. Good morning, everyone. I wanted to ask about the back half of the year. Again, in a slightly different way, but when you look at the improvement in category growth rates, which appear to be slightly embedded into the back half of the year, how do you think or in what regions or product categories do you have the highest level of confidence or where you are seeing early signs that give you some confidence that regions or categories are going to be accelerating? And then just connected, if the category growth rates prove a bit more volatile, as we have seen, what are the areas of the portfolio where you feel best about your ability to maybe accelerate outperformance relative to categories, in other words, control your own destiny may evolve despite how the macro? So thanks for those.
Noel Wallace: Yeah. Let me touch on some of the macro aspects, and then I will let Stan be more specific on how we have phased the balance of the year. One thing that we do expect the macros to get slightly better. We do not think there will be a material change based on the uncertainty that will continue to persist, as I said, through the balance of this year. But we do expect the macros to improve, and therefore, as you categories will get better. Comps get easier as we move through the back half of the year. The pricing that we are taking in the first half will obviously roll through some of that into the back half of the year. And then, as I said, we will have a little bit more stabilization on things. If I look at, you know, a lot of the work that we have done over the last couple of years to improve the health of the brands, they are in a better position today to withstand the economic uncertainty that exists and, obviously, the value that they bring to consumers, particularly in oral care. Where I believe we put a significant amount of investment improving the brand equity. We put a lot more time into improving our core innovation. We have got the total relaunch this year, which is a big core business for us. We have our anti-cavity relaunch in some of our big emerging markets. So we have got good news coming to continue to stimulate and excite the category and give consumers a reason to continue to stay within our brands. But the strength of the brands, to me, gives me confidence, particularly in oral care, that we are in a good place. Hill's, as I mentioned, that goes without saying, we will continue to focus on those segments where we have low shares and then low ground penetration. And we are bringing a lot of innovation both in terms of form and packaging into the market to deal with some of the economic uncertainty that exists. But that business, we believe, will continue to perform well in the back half despite the fact that I do not anticipate the category necessarily reversing itself from where we have seen, but we are getting good growth out of that business as we speak.
Stan Sutula: That will pick up a little bit, you know, we expect the top line to some improvement in North America and Asia to improve as we go into the back half. You know, we expect, as you saw the performance here in the first quarter, and we think Africa Asia will also get better. Those will flow through. Now we have the impact of tariffs that will roll through, but all the work we have done, as we look at countries like South Africa and Turkey, on, you know, looking at pricing, the roll through, remember that the private label will also roll off here as we go through the year. That will be a tailwind. And we have two of our strongest categories with oral care and Hill's, with strong margins as they continue to grow and outperform the category, we get a positive mix effect. That will help us offset the impact from tariffs and deliver our guidance for kind of flat margin for the year and then low single digits for earnings per share.
Noel Wallace: Yeah. I would also probably say, I think our expectation, we saw a little bit of softness in Mexico in the first quarter as well as Brazil. But we, you know, given the strength of our business in both those markets, I would anticipate that as we move through the back half of the year, we should see some improvements there as things settle down. The market shares look terrific, and as the categories come back, we will recapture.
Operator: The next question comes from Olivia Tong with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Olivia Tong: Great. Thank you. Two questions. First, in the US, if you could provide a bit more granularity in terms of where you are seeing more of the pressure. You mentioned trade out from super premium to base, but it does not sound like the middle traded down to the lower end. Why do you think that that was the case when the pressure seems to be a little bit more heavier on the lower end consumer? And then in Latin America, historically, we have been able to maintain a certain level of inelasticity and volume. When you price, but you have been quite transparent that Latin America has been a bit more challenging of late. So what gives you the confidence that you can continue to get back to historical levels of elasticity given the evolving backdrop? Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Yeah. Good morning, Olivia. Thank you. So, you know, specifically on North America, it is really been more of a volume issue as we talked about. In the first quarter, we saw some weakness in the volume. And that is fundamentally driven by all the things I characterized upfront and obviously to a certain degree a function of lower store traffic and lower conversion in-store. But overall, I think as the market settles down, we should see, you know, a better impact in terms of promotional velocity. Like, as I said, promotions are not increasing, but the velocity on those promotions was softer in the first quarter given short traffic was down. But we expect that to come back a bit as we move forward. And we are certainly stepping up our innovation as a way to hopefully get some more volume in the category in the back half of this year. In terms of Latin America specifically, you know, this is, you know, one of our strongest markets globally. The brands are exceedingly strong. We have a big relaunch on Colgate Total, which I talked about, which is doing very, very well across the region in terms of driving incremental value and market share into the business. A really solid innovation pipeline, particularly starting in the second quarter and moving through the back half of this year. As I mentioned, we will get some pricing in those markets, which we are taking and announced. That will help as well. So overall, it is just a matter of the market settling down a bit and continuing to execute our strategy of driving brand penetration and ultimately delivering category growth and market share. So I do not see any fundamental issues in Latin America that give me concern, but it will largely depend on the macro obviously improving globally. And that will certainly help Latin America as we go into the back half. So it is not uncharacteristic to see this softness, but we fully expect as we have seen historically that in the medium to long term, those markets come back nicely.
Operator: The next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, thanks, operator. Good morning, everyone. Good morning. I guess hey. I had a question, maybe a good it is a follow-up to Chris Carey's question as we are kind of thinking about the puts and takes balance of the year. In the press release, and I just want to make sure I understood this correctly, if I read the within the guidance and related to Hill's and pet nutrition and private label that the drag from exiting private label actually will become more pronounced after Q1. So I guess a bigger drag, do not know if it is balance of the year or just over the next quarter or two, but I just I guess I want to understand if that component is if that is a headwind we need to consider as we are thinking about reaccelerating organic sales growth over the balance of the year. And maybe connected to that, if you can just remind us all the whole drama around the private label. I know there was you know, you were going to exit more originally than you originally expected. Now it was less. I do not know. Just kind of where we stand on just you know, exiting private label and when that should be you know, behind us, I guess.
Noel Wallace: Yeah. Thanks, Bryan. So, you know, we have been I think extraordinarily transparent and consistent with that. We had said that prior we will exit private label in 2025. That we anticipate to be fully out of that likely by the third quarter. We will you know, the pace of that exit, obviously, we saw the impact as I mentioned in the quarter for Hill's. Ex-private label was up five. And if you take the company, our volume was positive, ex-private label. So that obviously had an impact in the first quarter. We expect more or less the same, slightly more in the second quarter.
Stan Sutula: Yeah. So, Bryan, it was 40 basis points to total company volume in the first quarter. Okay? As we ramp down to get to zero in the back half of the year, it will be a slightly greater impact on a quarterly basis. Now what is going to happen is, you know, we are going to be out of private label at some point in the back half of the year, so then it is zero for a couple of quarters, and we are still going to be lapping a little bit in the prior year as we go through the first half of the year. So this will continue to be a little bit of a drag, but as we said, you know, really starting with the fourth quarter guidance, that is baked into our organic sales growth guidance. It is not an incremental. We are providing you with the organic or the volume we are providing you with the organic impact quarter by quarter for a transparency standpoint. But, yeah, that will be a little bit of a drag. A little bit more than 40 basis points per quarter as we go out through the balance of the year. You know, it is providing a nice margin benefit. You know, transparently, you should be thinking about the Hill's business from a branded standpoint. What is PD doing? What is FD doing? Not with the private label impact is, so we think that is going to give you a little bit more transparency, and you can see the strength of the underlying business.
Noel Wallace: Yeah. And it is going to be, you know, moving forward to the second part of your question, Bryan. I mean, this was, you know, I think long foreshadowed. Our core business is what we control. We do not control private label sales. We were as part of the acquisition, agreed to do that. There is no issue whatsoever with our exit. We are doing this as smoothly and efficiently as our retailers require. But we do not control their sales. What we focus on is what we produce, and I think that is the better way to look at the business is how are we performing ex-private label, and that first quarter is one eight ex-private label. And we are pleased with that, and we will balance the exit of this as efficiently as possible for the business and continue to focus on the things that we control and we do best.
Operator: The next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Lauren Lieberman: Great. Thanks. Good morning. Wanted to talk more pointedly about some of the emerging markets that last quarter we discussed there being some competitive activity that you were, you know, watching and monitoring. It was we talked about India a bit already, but Turkey and South Africa. And when I look at the dynamics for the APAC region in Africa, Eurasia, sequentially. Last quarter, it was interesting because pricing was negative. This quarter, pricing in both inflected to up pretty solidly, but volumes went the other way. Just wanted to hone in kind of on those two buckets of emerging markets specifically and some of the local competition that we started to talk a bit about last quarter kind of status report there. Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Yeah. Great. Thank you, Lauren. So listen, it is really just a couple of markets on the emerging side that really drove some of that. Obviously, we talked about China earlier and the Hawley and Hazel business. I mentioned Turkey. I mentioned South Africa. And clearly, those would they if you take the other markets in Asia, outside of China, they had a terrific performance in the quarter. So Philippines doing well. Thailand doing very, very well. So across the board, and likewise across Africa with the exception of South Africa and Turkey, we saw some very balanced growth both on volume and price moving forward. A little bit of the pricing, to be more specific, we obviously had some pricing challenges on the Hawley and Hazel business in the quarter. A little bit of adjustment. Again, you know, part of that Hawley and Hazel was the Chinese New Year shift that you have heard. But again, the stuff that we can control, we did do a little bit of adjustment on some pricing and promotions in the quarter. But I anticipate that will hopefully hold again a little bit better moving forward. But it is really those three markets, and we are not at liberty to talk about India yet, but we as I mentioned and you were referred just now, the urban market continues to be soft, and we had anticipated that would come back a little bit faster this year.
Operator: The next question comes from Korinne Wolfmeyer with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Korinne Wolfmeyer: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking the question. I would like to touch or dive a little bit deeper on some of the tariff impacts and kind of the pace of mitigation and how we should be thinking about, you know, over the next couple of quarters, how we should start to see that $200 million start to get, you know, a little bit more offset. And then as it relates to the tariffs that are on pause and still to be enacted, is there any scenario analysis that you have done so far that can help you give us a little bit more context on the extent of those impacts if they were fully enacted? Thank you.
Stan Sutula: Sure. As we said, the tariffs that are announced and currently in effect make up the $200 million, and the impact of those is roughly linear through the quarters. As you would expect, it takes time to try to offset all of these, and that is why we have updated our guidance to look at gross profit margin, you know, roughly flat for the year. So you will see more mitigation as we go through the year to help offset those tariffs. Now in scenario planning, we have run a large number of scenarios, and there is really no way to predict exactly which tariffs will go in, what their retaliatory response would be. While we run various scenarios, we can only deal with ones that we actually know. Now one part that we do look at is we had mentioned in the last quarter call we do import some toothpaste from Mexico. And we have concluded that that toothpaste is compliant with USMCA. So it is not subject to that. Some of those raw ingredients could be subject to some tariffs, but that is a big improvement for us as we look at tariffs, and that is included in our guidance. So we will continue to do that scenario analysis, and we are going to play this day by day as we see different tariffs get implemented and lifted. But it is really not possible to predict that through the end of the year.
Operator: The next question comes from Stephen Powers with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Stephen Powers: Hey, everybody. Good morning. Thank you. Two follow-ups for me, if I could. The first one goes back to Bryan's question on Hill's and private label. I am just curious, to what degree you will be carrying idle capacity on Hill's, you know, related to that into 2026. And how quickly you can fill that with Hill's and just to what extent that could be a, you know, a margin tailwind as we go forward, number one. And then number two is just, you know, you talked about this a couple of times, but going back to the macro and category assumptions over the balance of the year, I just want to so I had this question come in during the call. Just if the improvement that you are expecting does not play out, and because consumer confidence remains soft, is the planning assumption that you would have enough incremental flex in the P&L, Noel, to protect the bottom line in that scenario or, you know, or is there risk associated with that? Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Yeah. Thanks, Steve. Good morning. So, you know, let me talk about the Hill's piece first. You know, we talked about it, and I think I have been quite outspoken on, you know, coming out of all the capacity constraints we had when we made the acquisition of Red Collar, how in time driving those efficiencies throughout the entire network was going to be a real opportunity for the Hill's business, and that allows us to truly optimize all of our facilities in terms of their asset utilization and the productivity that comes out of those. And that is exactly what that team has done. They are doing an exceptional job really isolating plans to be more specific and more focused on driving efficiency through the specific SKUs that we could now run through those plants and the specific diets versus the widespread strategy that we have, which was just trying to meet demand. And now we are being much more thoughtful about that vis-a-vis how we think about the business. The private label exit, we have obviously built that into our guidance in terms of the absorption to your point that would move out of the business. But in time, as we continue to grow market share in the business and continue to drive efficiency in some of the new areas that we are focused on that I have outlined, that productivity will be picked up by the rest of our plants. So we feel good about where that impacts our business and the guidance that we have set relative to Hill's, and we do not anticipate that we are going to see significant variances move through the P&L as a function of this, and that is all within our numbers. In terms of the investment levels that we have in the business and the flex that we have in the P&L, you know, this is something that we have talked about now for two years. And that we were missing historically was having different levers within the P&L to pull to offset economic circumstances or more importantly, as we look at it, address the opportunities that we see for growth around the world and where we can step up investments as an example in certain markets. And that will continue to be the case. We are very focused on building flex into this P&L. You know, I would say the $200 million of incremental tariffs be holding gross margins flat is a clear testament to that. We think we have flex to be able to continue to drive productivity in certain facilities around the world to generate the savings that we need. Now I cannot predict exactly where things will go. All I can suggest to you now is that we do have flex in the P&L. If things move materially worse, we will have to adjust accordingly. Yeah. I think we have done a terrific job handling an extremely turbulent environment that we are seeing out there now. And, you know, bringing the quarter in that we did this quarter, and we anticipate that things will get, you know, equally challenging through the balance of the year, but we will continue to deploy the same strategies and continue to look for ways to build flexibility into the P&L. I think our geographic footprint, the category diversity that we have, and the price points that we play in set us up for, hopefully, continued stability throughout the balance of the year.
Operator: The last question today comes from Mark Astrachan with Seaport. Please go ahead.
Mark Astrachan: Thanks, and good morning, everybody. I wanted to ask specifically about some of the channel shifts in North America. So where is the company from a market share perspective in the context that mass and club and e-commerce continue to outperform and there is weakness in drug and to a lesser extent and just general food, how does the company market your stack up there? And then more specifically, I saw that you recently added Hill's to Walmart online, not in-store. I guess, curious to how that decision is arrived at. You know, if it is successful, does that expand into Walmart? And, you know, how does that then relate back to my comment on the market share overall for the company? Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Let me take the Hill's question first. Obviously, there is a significant three pillars, three P environment out in the marketplace today. We focus very heavily on the integrity of our brand and making sure that the brands are represented the way they need to be represented. We have now a three P, three P L distributor selling to Walmart that allows us to clean up a lot of the three P L's that were not authorized sellers for the business. And as a result, that three P L is responsible for dealing with that. And so that is where that is. On the second part, first part of your question, on market shares, you know, obviously, we have seen a transition to big box retailers. We have seen a migration towards the club environment. And to a certain extent, e-commerce. Not as much, but certainly club and mass. Our market shares continue to be quite strong in those three classes of trade. We have seen obviously some struggles in the drug class of trade. We have higher market shares there, but not materially higher than what we have in the rest of the country. Food continues to perform okay, and we have decent market shares there. The dollar stores are strong market shares for us, and we will some of their operational things resolved that that business will continue to improve in terms of holding our shares there. But overall, the migration to club and to mass bodes well for us. We have strong market shares and strong margins in those retail environments. Okay. Well, thank you, everyone. I greatly appreciate the team in a highly turbulent and uncertain environment with a lot of volatility. This team continues to execute exceptionally well, building flexibility into our business, delivering brand penetration, market share growth, and ultimately delivering what we intend to do, which is great shareholder value. So I appreciate all the work that they do, and I look forward to talking to everyone soon here in the second quarter.
John Faucher: Thank you.
Operator: Conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-01-31 02:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive 2024 Fourth Quarter and Year End Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgatepalmolive.com. Now for opening remarks, I'd like to turn this call over to Chief Investor Relations Officer and Executive Vice President, M&A, John Faucher.
John Faucher: Thanks, Betsy. Good morning and welcome to our fourth quarter and full year 2024 earnings release conference call. This is John Faucher. Today's conference call will include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from these statements. Forward-looking statements inherently involve risks and uncertainties and are made on the basis of our views and assumptions at this time. Please refer to our fourth quarter and full year 2024 earnings press release and related prepared materials, and our most recent filings with the SEC, including our 2023 annual report on Form 10-K, and subsequent SEC filings, all available on Colgate's website, for a discussion of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these statements. This conference call will also include a discussion of non-GAAP financial measures, including those identified in Tables 4, 6, 7, 8 and 9 of the earnings press release. A full reconciliation to the corresponding GAAP financial measures is included in the fourth quarter and full year 2024 earnings press release and is available on Colgate's website. Joining me on the call this morning are Noel Wallace, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Stan Sutula, Chief Financial Officer. Noel will provide you with some his thoughts on our results and our 2025 outlook and then we'll open it up for Q&A. Noel?
Noel Wallace: Great. Thanks, John, and good morning everyone, and thank you all for joining us today as we discuss our 2024 results as well as our outlook for 2025. Let me make a few points on 2024 before I tell you why we continue to be very confident in our ability to deliver against our goals for this year. I couldn't be prouder of the results of the Colgate team that they delivered in 2024, which drove strong growth and exceeded our initial financial guidance. Net sales of $20 billion in 2024, which is one year ahead of our strategic plan ambition. This was driven by our sixth consecutive year of organic sales growth either in line or ahead of our long-term target of 3% to 5%. We delivered high-single-digit organic growth in 2024 on top of high-single-digit growth in 2023. We delivered pricing and volume growth in all four quarters. For the year, we grew volume in every division and in every category. We're focused on driving household penetration, which we believe is the best way to deliver long-term sustainable growth. We had another year of increased advertising spending up 15% and up 130 basis points as a percentage of sales. This increase, which is on top of 19% increase in 2023 is driving significantly improved brand health. Our third consecutive year of global toothpaste category value share growth highlights that our strategy of driving category growth in order to drive market share growth. Our strategy to build and scale our innovation capabilities is paying off as well as the incremental sales contribution from innovation has risen by 45% from 2021 to 2024. We delivered gross and operating margin expansion despite significant foreign exchange headwinds and the increased spending on advertising, compensation and capabilities through another year of strong productivity, particularly for our funding the growth initiatives. Double-digit based earnings per share growth ahead of our initial guidance despite incremental foreign exchange headwinds on both the net sales line and in gross margin. Record operating cash and free cash flow, record cash return to shareholders along with continued improvement in our top tier return on invested capital. So another very strong year, but let me now move on to 2025. In 2025, we'll see many of the same challenges and opportunities. All through 2024, I have been speaking to you about how our strategy was designed so that we could deliver in 2025 and beyond by investing in future growth, building more flexibility into our P&L and strengthening our balance sheet. The strong investment levels behind advertising and innovation and the continued improvement in returns on that spending give us confidence in our ability to continue to drive volume through household penetration. The increased investment is also improving brand health. As I will discuss at CAGNY next month, higher brand health is the key to our revenue growth management strategy, which will be key to sustaining pricing growth in a less inflationary environment. We will deliver another year of strong innovation led by the re-launch of Colgate Total with superior new offerings in toothpaste, manual toothbrushes and mouthwash. Our investments in data, analytics and AI will also be key to driving pricing growth in 2025. We utilized our strong gross profit growth in 2023 and 2024 to invest ahead of the curve and capabilities, which also give us additional flexibility to control SG&A spending going forward. Our strong cash flow gives us additional leverage for EPS growth through debt paid out to lower interest expense or share repurchases, even as we continue to invest in our business for growth and productivity. So we enter 2025 confident in our strategy and in our ability to deliver consistent compounded growth to deliver on our guidance and drive strong total shareholder return. So with that, I'll hand it over to you for questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question today comes from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Dara Mohsenian: Hey, good morning guys.
Noel Wallace: Good morning Dara.
Dara Mohsenian: So just want a bit more clarity around the 2025 guidance relative to Q4, EPS guidance for all-in low-single-digit to mid-single-digit growth is pretty robust considering the onerous FX impact. So just what gives you confidence in such a strong implied local FX earnings growth? Number one. And then two, maybe we can drill down specifically into the OSG line. Obviously, that's a key driver of earnings growth. Q4 is weaker than we have seen in recent quarters, if you adjust for Argentina, the pet private label drag probably somewhere in that close to 4% OSG range, slower than the prior pace. So just as we think about the 3% to 5% guidance for 2025, maybe highlight your level of confidence relative to that Q4 result and maybe what the key points are of uncertainty are either positive or negative?
Noel Wallace: Yes. Good morning, Dara. Thank you. So let me start off with the guidance. As I think I alluded to in my upfront comments, we continue to believe we are very well positioned to continue delivering consistent compounded dollar earnings growth. You've heard me talk about a lot about that over the last couple of years. That's reflected in our guidance and the strength quite frankly of the fundamentals that as you go through our P&L as well as the balance sheet. I've spoken many times to all of you about building flexibility into our plans and that was very much inherent as we looked at our 2025 strategy back in 2020. How do we get more flex into the P&L as we pivot to a much more growth mindset oriented organization. And that's exactly what we've done. So our top line focus will continue with balanced growth in both volume and price. And you've seen that consistently throughout the year in 2024. We believe we'll continue to deliver balanced growth in 2025. We saw volume and pricing growth across all of our categories this year, which is I think a terrific proxy for how we're building the health of those businesses moving forward. So in the context of 3% to 5%, we feel really good about that. We think it will continue to be at the top end of our peer group and it's reflected in the comfort we have in the health of the business overall. You look at market shares consistently up over the last couple of years. You look at the performance across multiple divisions being consistently up quarter-to-quarter. So the health of the business is there. If I move down to P&L, we continue to invest as I mentioned ahead of our capabilities. So we put a lot of money in the last couple of years in building capabilities that we think will allow us to sustain more consistent top line growth. We've reoriented the organization to really focus on dollar earnings growth and making sure that we're looking for ways to offset foreign exchange. No question that will continue to be a headwind, but we believe we've got more opportunities to offset that with other areas within the P&L. The strong cash generation is another area to look to. We've been consistent about building more cash, lowering our working capital to ensure that we have more flex across other areas below the operating margin line in the P&L. So overall, I think that underlying health of the business is in a really good place. Now, if I come back to your organic growth question, 4.3%, you look almost 5% in the fourth quarter, if you exclude private label, which we think is a more honest way to look at our business given the underlying base business being quite strong. And we think 5% in the current market environment is actually a really good number. Now we have plans to continue to develop the opportunities that we see ahead of us, but 5% in the fourth quarter, we feel pretty good about. Particularly on the volume side, almost 3% excluding private label, a little bit softer in some parts of Europe that we saw as we exited the quarter, particularly some of the softness we saw and continued softness in China behind our skin health business, but overall good volume growth. And we've been talking to you more about a normalization moving away from pricing growth in the P&L to more volume growth and that's consistent with what we've seen over the last couple of quarters. We did have less pricing from Argentina in the quarter, which we've talked about in our prepared comments. It was about 100 basis points less than we had in the first three quarters of the year, but we are still getting positive pricing and we've announced more pricing to offset some of the foreign exchange headwinds that we're seeing in Latin America already here in the first quarter. So if I come back to the underlying confidence that we have strong P&L flexibility, good balance sheet. The health of the brands is in a much better place than it's been. Market shares continue to inflect positively for the business. And overall, we're seeing a stabilization of the categories and hopefully we'll see the growth come back as we move through 2025.
Operator: The next question comes from Peter Grom with UBS. Please go ahead.
Peter Grom: Thanks, operator. Good morning, everyone. So I was just hoping to get some color on the gross margin performance in the quarter and kind of the cadence from here. Obviously, we weren't going to have sequential progress continuously, but it was the first time in a couple of years that hasn't happened. So I just would be curious how gross margin fared versus kind of your expectations. And then just looking ahead, I understand you expect another year of expansion, but just would be curious, if you could or it would be helpful if you could frame the path from here considering the exit rate? And then just within that, any color you can share on funding the growth just given what was a very strong year in 2024? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Yes, good morning, Peter. Thanks. So let me just level set us here. We're up 70 basis points versus year ago with significant foreign exchange headwind. So again, another quarter north of 60% and I think overall we feel pretty good about that, slightly below where we were hoping given the transactional impact that moved through the P&L as we exited the quarter. But overall, the underlying margin driven by pricing, strong productivity through funding the growth continues to be very good. So we feel pretty good about where we ended up. And as I mentioned earlier, that we have taken some pricing in Latin America to begin to offset some of the foreign exchange headwinds we've seen. But let me turn it over to Stan, who'll give you a little bit more color on how we're thinking about the trajectory of gross margin and our confidence to be able to grow gross margin in 2025.
Stanley Sutula: Thanks, Joel. So Peter, we mentioned that we did all four quarters above 60% and we're up 70 basis points in fourth quarter. So we're happy with the margin expansion. And as we look ahead, there are several items that I think will help us as we go to drive that margin expansion. One is simply going to be mix. As we grow Hill's and we grow Oral Care, we get a positive mix as those are two of our more profitable businesses. So you combine that with less private label, which has a very low margin, you get a mix benefit going forward. You mentioned our funding-the-growth program, our productivity program long established extraordinarily well run by the teams. We've been planning on this for many months now heading into '25. So I think we're off to a good start on funding-the-growth. One of the capabilities Joel mentioned as we've made investments in is in some of our new capabilities and we have revenue growth management what we call 2.0 as we go to drive better performance on our revenue growth management. We have good innovation pipelines across the business coming in. And I think the combination of those will help us with expanding margin in 2025. Now as private label slowly mixes off, you'll see that go through the year, but we are confident in the ability to expand margin in 2025.
Noel Wallace: And then one other add, Peter, would be that we've seen a more moderating raw material environment. We'll watch that carefully. But relative to how we entered 2024, we seem to have better visibilities to where raw materials are going at this stage.
Operator: The next question comes from Bonnie Herzog with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Bonnie Herzog: All right. Thank you. Good morning. I actually had a question on your North America business. Pricing was negative last year and then segment volumes didn't necessarily benefit, I guess, in the back half of the year. So as we think about this year, how should we think about the contribution from price versus volume mix in North America? And then is it reasonable to assume that price contribution remains negative? And in that context, could you touch on the promotional environment and I guess how it compares relative to your expectations across your different categories in the market? Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Thanks, Bonnie, and good morning. Again, as we talked about back in the second quarter and some of the price adjustments we made to the business, which we think have helped improve the underlying health and certainly some of the strong volume performance we've had in the US continue to filter through the third and the fourth quarter. We'll see that kind of taper away as we move through the back half of 2025, but those prices adjustments are there. I would say that both volume and price sequentially improved in the fourth quarter as we exited the year in North America. I would also remind everyone that the segmentation that we have now includes the skin health business in North America as of the third quarter that we added that in there. And we did see a lot of softness in volume and price coming out of our skin business in China, which has been pretty consistent theme throughout the year. But overall, North America, if you take the underlying business, Oral, Personal and Home Care performed quite well. We saw, as I mentioned, sequential improvement. We saw some benefits from some of the shipment timing that we had this year versus last year and the volume performance ex-skin was very strong across the North America business. But that being said, we do have more work to do. We're still continuing to look at our go-to market strategies and our investment posture in the US. We continue to believe it's a strategic growth opportunity for the company and we will continue to invest in that business. We have new leadership in place, which we're excited about some of the strategic thinking that's coming from behind that. The exiting of the year saw some green shoots particularly in some of the categories including toothpaste, liquid hand soap and dish, particularly in some of the latter categories, which had been a headwind to us in the first part of the year. So we feel good about where we are from a strategic standpoint and from a growth standpoint. So overall pricing will improve, particularly as we move through the back half of 2025.
Operator: The next question comes from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Andrea Teixeira: Good morning. I just wanted to kind of like elaborate a little bit more if you can on the pricing front, what you're expecting on the FX driven pricing. You mentioned Latin America you took pricing. And if you are seeing anything in regards to some of the places where you have effects as well in Europe in terms of like how it fits into your guidance? And then related to that also on the volume, sorry, just to clarify, if it's mostly driven the volume components that you were seeing into 2025, where is going to be the most I mean the areas that you see the volume kind of like being positive on the algorithm from the 3% to 5% what's going to be the green shoots you're seeing? I'm assuming Hill's and some of the strength that you're seeing in Colgate Total as well. Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Great. Good morning, Andrea. So let me take the pricing question first. Obviously, I talked about offsetting foreign exchange and we'll continue to see some opportunities across the world, particularly in Latin America. But there are other markets across Africa that we will be taking pricing to offset some of the foreign exchange headwinds that we see moving into the year. Europe on the other hand will continue its value oriented pricing strategy, which is very much driven by a significant improvement in our innovation and the quality of our innovation to drive more pricing and value back into the categories. That was successfully deployed back in 2023 and throughout 2024. So we'll continue to make sure that we're bringing pricing into the category through some of the value oriented initiatives that we have. And as Stan mentioned, that will continue to be a key theme for all of our divisions as we increase our innovation. You heard me talk about the incrementality we're getting from our innovation. So we feel we're in a much more solid footing relative to how we think about innovation and its ability to be accretive through our P&L both from a growth standpoint as well as a margin standpoint. In terms of volume, we'll continue to have balanced volume across the year. Now we've said that we expected a shift from a pricing driven algorithm and organic to a more volume driven organic, excuse me, more volume driven algorithm on organic and that's exactly what's happening. We're seeing that consistently across all of our divisions. A little softness on the Hill's category, but we've seen consumption start to improve as we enter 2025 on the categories. So that bodes well, but that's been a little softer, but we'll get into Hill's later, but an outstanding performance in a flat category. And ultimately we'll see that category hopefully inflect positive as we move through 2025, but volume will come across the board. Asia will continue to be a good volume contributor. Africa has been a great volume contributor and no question Latin America as well as North America. So it's going to be pretty broad-based across the board. If you look if you take a step back for a moment and look at our volume shares and again a testament to our focus on brand penetration, our volume shares continue to inflect very positively across most of the regions. So we feel very good about our ability to continue to drive penetration through some of the initiatives that we have. And largely that's driven by the underlying health of the brand, which are in a much better place than they were five years ago, given the support that we're putting behind the business.
Operator: The next question comes from Kaumil Gajrawala with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Kaumil Gajrawala: Hey, everyone. Good morning. Noel, you mentioned, you will talk about Hill's later, maybe we talk about it a bit now. If you could just talk a bit about the what's going on with volumes, particularly in Europe, is this something cyclical? Is there anything else changing? Just any more details would be useful. And then on RGM 2.0, perhaps just a little bit more on what that means, what you're able to do now versus what you were doing with RGM before? I think those would be helpful. Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Yes, great. And good morning to you Kaumil. So again Hill's continues to really execute against the strategy that we outlined three or four years ago. So obviously the volume was impacted by the impact of private label. So about a 200 basis points impact from the drag on private label. So overall a 3% volume growth on that business in a roughly flat category right now, we think is very, very strong. I'll start off with market shares on Hill's consistently one of the fastest growing brands in pet specialty. We continue to see strong share growth across other channels, great e-commerce growth, back to growth on prescription diet, which had been a drag on the business historically and that bodes well for mix and margin. So overall, the business is in a very, very good place and the fundamentals in terms of how we're executing against some of our strategies. We talked about the segment opportunities that we see in small pet. We talked about the segment growth opportunities we've seen in cat as well as wet. We feel we're right on pace with where we expected to be and see more opportunities to continue to execute those volume opportunities as we move forward. And those are more higher ASP opportunities, which will translate through the P&L as well. The supply chain is in a much better shape as well. We've talked about making sure that we really optimize our network and we're doing exactly that. The Tonganoxie ramp up, which will be our most automated facility in the world continues to go as expected. So, overall, we're in a -- we feel like we're in a good place. The category was a little soft in Europe. We don't think it's anything unusual to be too worried about, but obviously we're very focused on make sure that we go after those under index growth segments where we're not getting our fair share, where we now have strategies in place and innovation in place to actually capture that growth and that will help us offset. So within the context of the overall category, we are outperforming most of our competitors and we feel very good about where the business is going and the trajectory of that as we move into 2025.
Stanley Sutula: So let me pick up on the second part of the question around RGM 2.0 and you've heard us talk over the last few years about investing in capabilities. That's really what comes home to 2.0 and things like analytics and digital and data. We leverage those skills and those new capabilities to come into design our pricing strategy and market by product, our promotion strategy and timing. And we've seen some really great returns and customer feedback around those. So it's really taking an already talented workforce here enabling them with new capabilities and new skills that allows us to be more effective. When you combine that with innovation that we bring to market, it's pretty powerful end market. So we're comfortable that RGM is going to continue to contribute both to margin and to top line.
Operator: The next question comes from Kevin Grundy with BNP. Please go ahead.
Kevin Grundy: Great. Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Noel Wallace: Good morning, Kevin.
Kevin Grundy: Noel, I was hoping to comment. Good morning, Joel. On advertising levels broadly. So you guys have done an outstanding job here over the past couple of years of increasing A&M levels. Of course, that's been funded by gross margin increases. But now with the things slowing down a bit, the expectation is that advertising and marketing levels are going to be relatively flattish year-over-year, right? So said differently maintained as a percent of sales. So how will you potentially weighing as you're putting the plan together, further increasing A&M levels as a percent of sales to the extent you could accelerate top line growth, further gain market share relative to margin and earnings growth expectations, just because the returns you've been getting in recent years have been so strong and further increasing. So broad context, I think on that front would be helpful. Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Yes, great, Kevin. I think the top line comment here is that we are very focused with a lot of our tech platforms and the work that we're doing around programmatic media personalization through data to really optimize and continue to find ways to be more precise with our spending that we've obviously gotten in a much better place than we were years back as you mentioned up 9% this quarter on top of 80% in the year ago. So we're in a much, much healthier place. And if you take all of the metrics that we use to assess brand health, which ultimately is the most important proxy and whether your advertising is working or not. And we continue to see very strong inflections on the strength of our brands around the world. We do have unique opportunities in certain parts of the world to continue to improve that, but in general a much better place than we've been. We're being far more deliberate with our advertising spend. And what I mean by that is more choiceful on the opportunities that we see in terms of driving category growth and growth for the Colgate franchise. And so we've been, I think, quite successful in earmarking money to certain parts of the world and in certain categories where we're seeing a much better ROI. I can't get into a lot of specifics, but you heard us back talk over the last couple of years on how we're using data analytics and our digital transformation has really unlocked a lot more efficiency in our spend and our ROIs have continued to improve sequentially. So as we move into 2025, it's really about continuing to make sure we're optimizing the growth and the spending that we've had and be more precise and tactical with how we think about using that money or more strategic on how we use that money across the board. So it will be efficiency, technology and making sure we find ways to optimize that spend in the areas where we're going to get the best return on investment.
Operator: The next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Bryan Spillane: Hi. Thanks, operator. Good morning, everyone. So just, I guess, we'd like to get your perspective on two quick things. One, Noel, just trying to put the 3% to 5% organic sales growth forecast for '25 in the context. Is this where does that stand relative to kind of where category growth is as we're exiting 4Q. So one just kind of your growth rate expectations relative to the category geographies? And then the second, just since because it's topical within the headline tariffs, I think in the prepared remarks you talked a bit about evaluating once you know but as we're thinking about tariffs, just because we're all going to try to put some probabilities on it and run some things through our model, just some basics that we should be paying attention to as we're thinking about this topic, just relative how size it could be, I don't know. Anything you could give us as an input would be helpful. Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Yes, good morning, Bryan. Great, I'll take the first part of the question and I'll let Stan talk about a lot of the great strategic work that we've been doing over the last couple of years to truly optimize our supply chain for more resilience and potential disruption. So if I take the category growth rates right now, we've seen I think the good news is we've seen more of a stabilization. We saw some falloff in the categories as we move through. I think the additive impacts of inflationary pricing over the last year and a half, but we've seen a more stabilization of the categories and which is good news. So categories in general, the categories in which we compete are growing 2% to 4%. So relative to our organic algorithm of 3% to 5%, we will be outpacing the categories and hopefully continuing to drive brand penetration and share growth. So I think the overarching comment is we've seen some stabilization in the categories based on some of the falloffs that we had seen in the third quarter and into the early part of the fourth quarter. And we have, we believe the right innovation, the right pricing and mechanisms in place to continue to outpace the categories.
Stanley Sutula: Good morning, Bryan. On tariffs, as we said in the commentary, we've not included any potential incremental tariffs in our '25 guidance, but we've tried to put the tariffs in context of our long-term supply chain strategy. So primarily we aim to have local manufacturing as a cost of shipping some of our products across long distances can be material. We spent the last few years building much more flexibility into our global supply chain, not necessarily about building more capacity, but rather making better use of the existing capacity and alternative sourcing as well as standardizing formulas across the markets. So importantly, we've invested meaningfully in our US supply chain, almost $2 billion over the last five years between investment in our Oral, Personal, Home Care business, along with the purchase of pet food capacity, the opening of our Tonganoxie wet pet food facility. We've increased the number of our US based manufacturing facilities by more than 40% over that time. So material investment into US capabilities. And let me give an example of some of our improved flexibility. While we had available machine manual toothbrush capacity outside of China in '21, we were limited in which SKUs we could actually produce in which plants. We can now produce more SKUs at more plants. So we have the same amount of capacity, but we can meet more customer and consumer needs from more geographic locations. And this philosophy gives us better flexibility as we enter a period with potentially higher tariffs. And we also have additional co-man capacity to provide flexibility. Now we do produce some of our products for the US in Mexico, primarily toothpaste, and we're working on potential mitigation plans, which can impact both raw materials and finished products. On raw materials, we import a limited amount of raw materials, predominantly specialty type ingredients like vitamins and amino acids. And as you would expect, we're planning for multiple scenarios, because it's not just the tariff that may be on Mexico or Canada or China, it's the impact of retaliatory tariffs that would also come into play on those supply chain. So we're looking at very tactical short-term, mid-term and long-term if necessary actions. But until we get more clarity, we have not included anything in our guidance.
Operator: The next question comes from Olivia Tong with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Olivia Tong: Great. Thanks. Good morning. I want to talk through what you expect to be the volume implications of the pricing you're planning to take given the decel in volume in Q4. If you could talk to order of magnitude on the LatAm pricing, whether you've already implemented this. And if you're planning to price in other regions or whether the competitive or macro dynamics make that more difficult to push through. And then just you talked about advertising and being up -- being flat to up. What about promotion and your ability, if necessary, to pivot between advertising and promotion? Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Yes. Good morning, Olivia. Thank you. So let me take the latter part of the question first. The promotional spending has been, I think, quite constructive. We have seen some pockets of increased competitive activity. India was one where we saw heightened competition in spending in the fourth quarter. You probably saw that in the press release from the India results. We've seen some heightened competitive activity in South Africa as well. But more or less pretty constant across the quarter. US continues to be quite constructive, no significant changes there. So on balance, I would say the promotional environment continues to be as we would have expected, with some isolated pockets of increased activity, which we addressed in our statements earlier. So overall we feel we're in a pretty good place. But my expectation is you continue to move from a pricing to a volume environment, you may see more promotion. But we plan for that in our guidance and plan for that in our plans for 2025. Relative to Latin American pricing, as I mentioned, we've announced some pricing already in Latin America relative to some of the foreign exchange headwinds and we'll continue to watch that very carefully. We did not anticipate another significant devaluation in Argentina this year in our guidance or in our numbers. That may or may not happen. We will adjust that accordingly. I think it's worth saying that despite the significant foreign exchange headwinds we saw in Argentina, we did grow dollar earnings in Argentina, which I think is a great proxy to our ability to offset some of the transactional impact that we see as we move through foreign exchange. As I mentioned earlier, Europe is a little bit more challenging to do that. So we pivoted from price increases to really driving meaningful innovation that can drive value in the categories and ultimately drive some accretion on the margin line and the pricing line. And we'll continue to adopt that strategy overall.
Operator: The next question comes from Sergio Matsumoto with TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Sergio Matsumoto: Hi. Good morning. It's Sergio Matsumoto. I'm with Rob Moskow's team. Noel and Stan, in Latin America, how does the current macroeconomic headwinds like inflation is impacting the demand of the category? And with the new administration in the US, how does that change your operations in the local countries in terms of any pricing changes that you might make or innovation?
Noel Wallace: Yes. Good morning, Sergio, thanks for the question. So as you well know, we've been in Latin America for 75 plus years. In fact, I'll be going down to Mexico in June to celebrate our 100 year anniversary in Mexico, which is a great milestone for us and for the Mexican company, which has been one of our most successful businesses in the world given our long-standing presence in those markets. Overall, we have dealt with a significant amount of volatility in Latin America over the last couple of decades. And so we're accustomed to obviously both political and economic disruptions and our ability to offset that with meaningful innovation and execution against the fundamentals that will ultimately drive category growth and our business. We've seen that consistently throughout this year as well. Latin America performance continues to be very, very strong. It slowed a little bit in the fourth quarter, but that was more due to some of the pricing that I mentioned earlier that was in the year-ago number in Argentina were through the first three quarters that we didn't necessarily have in the fourth quarter this year. But if I take our two biggest markets and characterize those perhaps in terms of categories and how we're doing, Mexico and Brazil, we had good quarters for both of those businesses. I'll start with market shares. Market shares are absolutely terrific in both of those markets. Volume and value shares are up. Overall, in Latin America, we had 8 of 10 countries up or flat in market share. Nine or 10 of those markets are up or flat in volume. So overall, the underlying health of the business continues to be very strong, and we're outpacing the categories in terms of our consumption. So from the perspective of categories, we saw a little slowdown, as we talked about in the third quarter around Mexico. But that business seems to have stabilized and we've seen better consumption as we've entered 2025. So overall, we think we're in a good place, but we're not immune to, obviously, the continued volatility around foreign exchange and the movements in terms of statements that are made with various countries. So we'll continue to execute against what we can control and that's the fundamentals of the business and making sure that we have flexibility through the P&L.
Operator: The next question comes from Christopher Carey with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Christopher Carey: Hi. Good morning, everyone. You had mentioned some competitive activity in different markets globally, China joint venture, India, Africa, Eurasia. You didn't mention North America, but there's been some pricing investments. Can you expand a bit more on some of the end-market competitive activity you're seeing with some specificity on specific markets that you called out? Thanks so much.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Good morning, Chris. It's not unusual in terms of the heightened competitive activity as some of the manufacturers, particularly local players, are chasing more volume in their categories. We've been very selective on where we're going to address that, and we'll be sure to make sure we protect the health of the brands as we do that. But it was very isolated to a few markets around the world. India was probably the most notable with a significant increase in competitive activity in the urban space particularly in the modern trade where we saw a multitude of competitors discounting more to drive volume. We addressed some of that, which was reflected in the quarter. But we anticipate India will stabilize and get more rational as we move through the balance of the year. We've got good innovation plans and good focus on really driving some retail strategies that we think will allow us to offset some of that competitive activity and continue to drive share market and drive category growth. Turkey and South Africa were more isolated to some competitive activity there. We don't necessarily see that sustaining itself through the year, but we're well prepared as we mentioned in the guidance to address that if we need to. So overall, there's nothing terribly unusual. As I mentioned earlier, where we see a more constructive promotional environment, Europe would be an area where you might see heightened competitive activity, but we're seeing that be pretty consistent and we're growing significant market share in Europe as well. So we feel we're in a good place. Again, if you see more competitive promotion activity, the most important aspect for us is the underlying health of the business in a place we can continue to launch innovation to drive value and drive market share growth both in volume and in dollars and we're consistently seeing that, particularly in our Oral Care business around the world.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Stephen Powers: Hi. Great. Good morning, everybody. I guess I wanted to ask about just the base case shape of the P&L in 2025. It's great to see the call for another year of gross margin improvement and at least stable A&P investment. But I guess I'm curious as to how much of the expected underlying operating income improvement is going to be driven by that gross margin versus SG&A reductions and SG&A efficiencies. And then within that sort of what I'm assuming is increased focus on SG&A. Do you think you're going to have enough flex to keep up other elements of investment? You talked about innovation investment, but digital, data analytics, talked about AI. Those have all been, I think, fruitful pockets of investment the last couple of years. Can you keep that up in 2025? Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Hi. Good morning, Steve. Thanks. So again, I think the top line comment here is yes. While we've front-loaded a lot of that investment in '23 and '24, so we feel we're in a really good place, not necessarily having to play catch-up, there's going to continue -- we're going to continue to raise the bar and ensure we find ways to invest for the long-term health of the business, particularly around capabilities. And we have some exciting things underway in the data space, in the technology space as well that will continue to, we believe, drive more productivity through the P&L. But Steve, I come back to what we've been talking about and what was anchored in our 2025 strategy when we launched it six years ago. And that was ultimately getting all line items in the P&L in a place to give us more flexibility. And we're going to continue to really focus on doing that. There will be ebbs and flows in certain areas of the business that we have to address, but we need to have flexibility to go after the growth and fund that through various line items in the P&L. So from a capital structure in terms of where we put money, from a capability standpoint. It's really meant to go up and down the P&L as well as the balance sheet to ensure we have ways to continue to drive top-tier shareholder value. And we're going to do that with the consistency of performance and the health of the brands is an underpinning to that. So overall, we feel pretty good about where we are across the P&L. There will be some ebbs and flows as we move through the year. The year is an artificial construct as we say, we will continue to go after the opportunities as we see them. But in the absence of not having flexibility, that becomes very, very difficult to do. And we've shown, I think, over the last couple of years that having ways to flex certain aspects of the P&L and the balance sheet is the best way to drive long-term sustained growth.
Stanley Sutula: The only thing I'd add there is, as we look at the entire P&L and the balance sheet, while we drive productivity, it's not just a cut for cut's sake. We actually spent a lot of time in our budgeting process on resource allocation, both dollars and people, and where do we want to reallocate to drive performance in the business. And that hits every line of the P&L. And then our balance sheet as we drive better payment terms, better net working capital efficiency, it gives us the ability to reduce debt, invest back in the business, which when you look at that holistically is the flex that we've talked about in managing this day-to-day. But we're confident in our ability to deliver on our guidance for '25.
Noel Wallace: And I think the best proxy for that, at least that I shout a lot from here in New York is our return on invested capital. And that's really ensuring that we're using shareholder money in ways to drive the best return and to have the ROIC back in the 35%, 36%, I think, is a good example of us being very selective, as Stan says, to drive spending where we're going to get the best return on that investment.
Operator: The next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Lauren Lieberman: Great. Thanks. Good morning. Noel, since you referenced 2025 strategy, we're starting 2025. So I was curious if you could talk a little bit about, I guess, thoughts on the next leg? Will you be announcing a kind of 2030 strategy? And maybe what are some of the areas that you think you would add to that list? What are areas where you still have opportunities to keep pushing on the things that have really been working? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Great. Good morning, Lauren. Thank you. I'm smiling here because we're on the eve of announcing our 2030 strategy that we'll be going through the organization with here in the next couple of months. We've been working tirelessly over the last year to really fine-tune that. We've taken the Board through that. And so we're quite excited. I mean, I think overall, the discipline around strategic planning in the company and I give the team tremendous credit for the work around that, has been excellent, and making sure that we continue to remind ourselves on the opportunity spaces that we have and the potential for continued growth to be sure that we're investing ahead of the curve in order to get there. And so that's exactly what we'll do as we unveil the 2030 strategy. Now there's always a temptation to throw out what you've had and put something new. I think the line that I would leave you with is consistency is really important to us. Execution and focus is really important to us. And the things that we've outlined as we launched our 2025 strategy about the growth mindset, about better innovation, about productivity up and down the P&L, about continued gross margin expansion, about investing in the health of our brands and optimizing our spending efficiency, all of that will be consistent as we move into the 2030 plan. There are areas that we think we can continue to dial up and sharpen. Innovation will be one of those, making sure that we continue to deliver the great incrementality that we're getting through the innovation. You heard me talk about the 45% more incremental sales coming from new products than we had historically. That's a big, big driver. You've heard me talk about in previous meetings that we've reoriented our incentive systems to get more after incremental innovation. So it's not just launching innovation for the sake of launching innovation, it's making sure it's driving incrementality to the category and to Colgate. So innovation will continue to be a big focus. Data and AI, we're excited about all the investments that we've made, both in training our organization, but really on the business use cases where we see the most -- best ways to optimize growth and efficiency through the P&L. That will be an interesting focus for us as well. And ultimately, as you look at the health orientation of our products, we will continue to rely heavily on our professional orientation and our ability to drive premiumization and loyalty behind strong endorsements and advocacy of our brands.
Operator: The next question comes from Robert Ottenstein with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Robert Ottenstein: Great. Thank you very much. First, just a quick follow-up. You called out in your prepared remarks increased price competition in China. So I was wondering if you could elaborate on that. And then my main question is on the Total relaunch. I'm wondering if, first, you can kind of size that compared to other relaunches, just so we have a sense of magnitude in importance. How are you defining success on the relaunch? Maybe some early reads in Latin America? And also perhaps what you may be doing differently on the marketing side to make it successful? Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Yes. Good morning, Rob. Thank you. Let me just clarify. We didn't -- I don't believe we mentioned anything about increased competitive pricing in China specifically. We talked about obviously some softness perhaps on our Darlie business, which I'll address in just a moment. But the increase in heightened pricing is really in Asia was specifically related to India. And that's where we've seen most of the aggressive pricing. Overall, China, I would say, on balance, that the pricing environment is pretty stable. And our performance there is, quite frankly, quite good. We delivered positive organic growth in the quarter and that is with the Colgate business because it continues to operate extremely well. The Colgate business alone was up high-single-digit organic in China in the fourth quarter. And as you see that in comparison to a lot of our peer group, we feel we're executing extremely well with the new strategy that we've put in place three years ago. Now the Darlie business continues to be a challenge, although it's -- we feel we're getting better. We still have opportunities for some go-to-market changes in 2025. And we'll address that accordingly. But overall, we feel China will continue to be a slow growth, although we seem to be outpacing the category and our competition in many respects. But China continues to be difficult in the short to medium-term. But long-term, again, we value China and India as strategic growth opportunities for the company. China will put more or less $300 million of incremental middle-class consumers into the market by 2030. India will more than double that, probably $600 million to $700 million. So again, real long-term growth opportunities, so important to keep the health of the business and the investment profile in a place that we can obviously leverage that as we move forward. Total launch specifically on Total, Rob. We launched it in the fourth quarter in Latin America and we're in the midst of rolling that around the world. Latin America would be our best proxy. It is driving terrific share growth for Latin America. We've seen great performance across our core markets from the Latin America launch. We're rolling that out across Asia and North America and Europe as we speak. It is a meaningful upgrade in our formula, again, intended to really speak to prevention and the importance of prevention, which is obviously a key trend in the marketplace amongst consumers and looking for superior prevention in what they're asking for in a toothpaste. And we really elevated the focus on the science aspects of Colgate Total and getting a better formula into the market than we've had before across not only the toothpaste, but the toothbrush and the mouthwash, and creating real opportunities for category growth and regimen claims. So overall, we're very excited about the early signs that we're seeing in Latin America and intend to overly translate that across the world.
Operator: The next question comes from Korinne Wolfmeyer with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Korinne Wolfmeyer: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I'd like to just get a little bit more color on the pet nutrition business for 2025 and kind of like the cadence over the next four quarters that we should expect both from the portfolio rationalization, innovation, pricing, et cetera? Any color on that would be helpful. Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Yes. Good morning. Again, the Hill's, as I mentioned earlier, the fundamentals of the business are really, really strong. Now we've seen, obviously, we've talked about a little bit of slowdown in the category, but that's stabilized, certainly not getting any worse. And we continue to execute extremely well in that category environment with market shares continuing to grow volume ex-private label up nicely, and we'll continue to see that, we believe, trajectory as we move through the balance of 2025. I'll let Stan talk a little bit about the private label impact as we think about 2025. But if I take just the underlying business, again, very focused on segment growth opportunities for the business, I mentioned. We obviously have a very strong dog and cat business that we need to excel in small paws or the small dog segment, which is the fastest-growing part of the market. We need to excel in the wet segments. We have a real focus on that. And we obviously need to get back to more sustained growth in Europe. But overall, the business continues to perform well. We operate a portfolio in a diverse mix of countries around the world. We have the ability to pull on those markets. I think our largest market, North America, continues to execute extremely well, had a good quarter in the fourth quarter. And we expect nothing unusual from the Hill's business as we move into 2025.
Stanley Sutula: Look, I think the Hill's business is really well positioned, and it's based on really good execution by the team. They have done really well in a flattish category that we think will slowly improve through time. But the new innovation that they have coming to market, the wind-down of private label and the improved expansion, we think both will drive top line, but also, importantly, will drive margin expansion for that business. And I think they're in a nice position where they have enormous opportunities in numerous areas to go after to continue to expand. And I was just down at the VMX conference, which is the veterinary conference, with the North America team and extraordinarily well received down there with nearly 30,000 vet and vet techs attending that conference. And the Hill's booth was very well attended with great innovation and explaining the value that we bring. We've also invested over the last several years into our pet nutrition center and the science behind our diets, which I think will continue to bring that innovation to market. So I think Hill's is really well positioned heading into '25. We've got market expansion opportunities both in the US and abroad and a science-based profession driven product set.
Noel Wallace: Yes. And if I can just add one more point is that we're seeing the margin inflection there. So you had talked to us a lot over the past couple of years about margin performance at Hill's. And what we've seen now is that margin has truly begun to inflect positively. And that's not just the private label mix. That's really on the underlying business. It's some of the mix improvements that Noel had talked about in terms of prescription diet, wet, et cetera. So as Stan mentioned, from a bottom line standpoint, the inflection is there and it really gives us the confidence that we can continue to invest back in this business.
Operator: The next question comes from Mark Astrachan with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Mark Astrachan: Thanks and good morning everybody. I wanted to stay on the Hill's business for a minute. Broadly, it seems like there's been a bit more volatility in the pet food category than I think maybe people would have anticipated. Years ago, you talked a little bit about volatility. In this quarter, we saw a little bit of that kind of coming out as we lapped COVID comparisons, but whether it's pet adoption or the decreased usage of pet food periodically, which doesn't seem to make a ton of sense. I guess could you just opine a bit on what you think is adding to the category volatility? Is it all pricing that's been taken? And just more of a broader comment I guess specific to the US, maybe you could also just elaborate on how you think about the performance of the Hill's business by geography, if you don't want to give specifics, just broader strokes between US and international. And then just talk a bit about the competitive environment. There's clearly been some at least smaller kind of niche year categories becoming more mainstream. And how do you think about the adoption of that and the impact on your business over time? Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Good morning, Mark. Thank you. So I think the importance here is staying in our swim lanes on this one. We see the fastest growing part of the category continued to be science based premium pet nutrition, and we're outpacing the category in that regard and helping to drive significantly more value into our retail partners. So the innovation that Stan talked about will continue to be focused on scientific, therapeutic variance and innovation that continue to drive a differentiation and real value orientation back to the pet owner moving forward. Yes, there's been some stabilization in the category. The category is flat. We mentioned that we're growing. We still see, as we look at it, yes, we'd like to see that start to inflect positive, which we expect will probably come towards the back half of 2025. But the segments that where we want to grow continue to afford significant upside potential for our business and our ability to continue to drive volume and price and profitability through the P&L. And I've talked about those segments. So we're very focused on that aspect. A lot of noise in the category, a lot of different things happening in the category. But strategically, the growth spaces and the swim lane, so to speak, where we want to compete, we continue to see nice growth opportunities for the business and sustain profitability as we've improved, as Stan and John mentioned, the underlying fundamentals in the P&L are in a much better shape than they were years back.
Operator: The last question today comes from Filippo Falorni with Citi. Please go ahead.
Filippo Falorni: Hi, good morning everyone. Noel, you talked about building flexibility not only on the P&L but also on the balance sheet. So just curious on capital allocation and increased appetite potentially for share buybacks considering the share level. And then on M&A, big picture, can you remind us kind of your strategic areas of focus and parameters for M&A? Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Yes. Thanks, Filippo. So again, our prioritization around capital allocation is investing back behind the business to drive efficiency and growth. And again, I'll come back to the return on invested capital, we're seeing a great return as we invest back in the business and our ability to drive more top line growth and more savings through the P&L. Second, the share repurchases and dividends. You've seen the strong numbers. I'll let Stan maybe talk to that in just a moment. But what you've seen, obviously, our focus on driving top Tier TSR, not only through the growth of the earnings, but our ability to continue to find ways to reward our shareholders through our dividend policy, et cetera. So overall, we'll continue to focus on strong working capital cash generation to allow us to buy shares where appropriate and to continue to invest in our dividend based on Board approval. But overall, we feel like we're in a much better place to make sure we're providing different levers to drive shareholder return on a consistent basis.
Stanley Sutula: When we go through our annual budgets and our execution, we have a theme that underlies all that, and that's growth, margin and cash. So cash is a fundamental part of how we run each of the businesses. And you've seen that drive in cash flow achieving $4.1 billion in operating cash flow, a record for us. But that gives us the ability to allocate those resources. And as we look at that, that stayed the same, as Noel said, which is invest back in the business. That can come in multiple forms. Return to shareholders, and then M&A, where we see the right opportunity that's aligned to our strategic direction because that helps give us a north star for where we want to invest and maybe what parts of the portfolio that might be better off somewhere else to drive long-term value for us. And you saw this year that we actually did increase our share buybacks. We did $1.1 billion net and return to shareholders was up over 20% year-to-year. And we have a long-standing dividend that we believe is competitive. And when we think about capital allocation, it starts with delivering the cash to enable that. And we're pretty comfortable with where we are. Proud of the team for a great ROIC and the ability to drive that into '25.
Operator: The last question today comes from Edward Lewis with Redburn Atlantic. Please go ahead.
Edward Lewis: Yes. Thanks very much. Just looking at the European performance with the balance of 2024. And I thought it was notable to see you delivering both positive volume and positive price. I appreciate the move of skin into North America probably helps a bit there. But still, I thought that's quite a change from what we were accustomed to see. I know you don't necessarily split out where the marketing spend is going, but how much of the incremental marketing support has gone into Europe? And how much then does that give you the confidence to be able to sustain these accelerated growth trends as we go forward?
Noel Wallace: Yes. Good morning, Ed. Thank you. Listen, I'm glad we're finishing up with Europe, because what a terrific performance they had in 2024 and another strong fourth quarter coming off of a strong year-to-date before that. Organic growth across all hubs for the quarter. Yes, we've seen some of the inflationary pricing we see, but we are getting pricing, as you mentioned, balanced pricing and volume growth in the quarter. I think a testament again to the real focus on our RGM analytics and how we're maximizing our promotional spend in those markets. Likewise, a really strong innovation, pipeline of products in '24, and you'll see that again in 2025 and our ability to drive more value oriented back into the categories, more price orientation. So that drives our price and the category at the same time. Good operating profit and margin performance is critical to sustain the advertising. Our advertising to sales was up about 220 basis points. So again, driving a lot of the brand health measures that we have. And I think what's most pleasing is the record market share performance we saw in Europe, particularly behind our Oral Care business, both on Colgate and Elmex. We're now up 300 basis points in market share versus where we were in 2016. And the shares as we exited the fourth quarter were at a record high particularly in some of our key geographies. So we feel very good about our ability to continue to drive organic growth in that market and drive operating profit growth given the health of the business. And that will be driven by innovation and a sustained level of advertising across multiple categories in Europe.
Noel Wallace: So with that, thank you very much for your questions again. Let me end where I started, which is a profound thank you to the Colgate team. Surpassing $20 billion in sales for the first time in our 217 year history is an important milestone for the company. The continued health of the business and the continued improvements we've seen up and down the P&L and in our balance sheet is a real testament to the incredible organization of people that we have working day in and day out in an extremely volatile world out there. So I thank them. And I look forward to seeing everyone down in Florida, CAGNY.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-25 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to todays Colgate-Palmolive 2024 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgatepalmolive.com. Now for opening remarks, Id like to turn this call over to Chief Investor Relations Officer and Senior Vice President, M&A, John Faucher.
John Faucher: Thanks, Betsy. Good morning, and welcome to our third quarter 2024 earnings release conference call. This is John Faucher. Todays conference call will include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from these statements. Please refer to the third quarter 2024 earnings press release and related prepared materials, and our most recent filings with the SEC, including our 2023 annual report on Form 10-K, and subsequent SEC filings, all available on Colgates website, for a discussion of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these statements. This conference call will also include a discussion of non-GAAP financial measures, including those identified in Tables 4, 6, 7, 8 and 9 of the earnings press release. A full reconciliation to the corresponding GAAP financial measures is included in the third quarter 2024 earnings press release and is available on Colgates website. Joining me on the call this morning are Noel Wallace, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Stan Sutula, Chief Financial Officer. Noel will provide you with some thoughts on our results and our 2024 outlook. We will then open it up for Q&A. Noel?
Noel Wallace: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone, and thanks again for joining us, as we report another strong quarter of top line and bottom line performance. Our strategy of delivering more impactful core and premium innovation, increasing our advertising spending and scaling capabilities to drive improved brand health and higher household penetration is paying-off through strong volume-led organic sales growth. You're seeing this best represented in the fact that we have delivered volume growth in all six divisions for the second straight quarter with 3% growth in developed markets and 4.6% growth in emerging markets. It won't be every division every quarter, but we believe our geographic breadth and category mix will enable us to better weather volatility over time, whether that's from economic, geopolitical or other factors and deliver organic sales growth in line with our long-term targets despite difficult comparisons. This will be well considered in our plans and it's why we've been talking about building our business model to deliver sustained, profitable growth even as category growth decelerates as pricing growth recedes. Our commitment to reestablishing our gross margin is paying-off in gross profit dollar growth even as we lap more difficult comparisons. We have used this gross margin expansion to continue funding the investment in advertising and capabilities, enabling us to deliver best-in-class volume growth, which is driving strong organic sales growth. And we believe the flexibility we have built into our P&L gives us the ability to turn that organic sales growth into consistent compounding earnings per share growth to deliver top tier TSR over the long-term. And with that, I'll open it up for questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question today comes from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Dara Mohsenian: Hey, good morning.
Noel Wallace: Good morning, Dara.
Dara Mohsenian: So I just wanted to drill down into North America. NA pricing was down significantly for the second quarter in a row, youd warned us about that last quarter. But just take a step back and help us understand the competitive environment you're facing and what your strategy is from a pricing standpoint? And how much volume payback you think you're getting, given a muted result in the quarter, albeit with some timing caveats? And just how that business is set up going forward as we look forward to 2025 and beyond? And hopefully, this isn't cheating, but I wanted to slip in a second question on Pet, which is mostly North America actually. But the Hill's performance is really striking relative to industry trends. Can you just talk about the sustainability of low-single digit Pet pricing going forward, given that difficult industry pricing environment and the market share gains with your volume performance, again, in light of that difficult industry environment? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Yeah. Good morning, Dara. Thank you. So North America, structurally, we came in exactly where we more or less expected, a little soft on the volume, which I'll explain in just a moment. But what we're seeing is as category growth decelerates a little bit as expected and what we talked about in the second quarter. Volumes returning, but not necessarily as fast as we would like, but I think there's more normalization on the volume line. We expect that to continue to inch up moving forward. Pricing was in line with Q2, as you mentioned, and as we talked about in the second quarter with similar adjustments that we expect to continue as we move through the balance of this year into the first quarter. I talked about volume being a little bit softer than it was expected. This was, as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, due to shipment timing on a couple of orders. We had the benefit of some promo moves from the third quarter, which we'll see a little bit more in the fourth quarter. And as you've noted that we've -- with the skin health business now in the North America, we obviously had the impact of lower skin health volumes, principally driven by China and a little bit of reduction due to some e-commerce business that didn't come through in the quarter. But overall, more or less where we expected. The team is very focused on obviously setting ourselves up for a really strong '25, a strong innovation growth plan that we have in place. And we'll see, obviously, the volume start to inch back as we've seen the category start to normalize more. But overall, the good news is, we've been able to weather some of the softness in North America with really strong broad-based growth across the business. You talked about Hill's coming in exceptionally strong. It was a strong performance for Hill's in the quarter. Strong volume, which was really encouraging given the impact of lower private label. So you take the private label up, we were up mid-single digits on volume and a really strong margin performance on the business. And we've been consistent with what we've articulated in the past, which is that we want to continue to reinvest that margin into driving category growth, and that's exactly what we're doing. A little bit of pricing that came through in the quarter. And we think we've got the ability as ag prices move around to take some pricing given the strength, again, of the brand in the market. We're gaining market share. We're the fastest-growing brand, global brand in pet specialty and neighborhood pet stores. So we feel good about where we are. We're continuing to expand that business into segments that we weren't aggressively competing in below, specifically wet. So overall, we feel very good about where the Hill's business is, and our ability to continue to drive strong, sustained growth behind strong advertising levels.
Operator: The next question comes from Filippo Falorni with Citi. Please go ahead.
Filippo Falorni: Hey. Good morning, everyone. So Noel, I wanted to ask you some initial perspective as you start thinking about next year. I know you're not going to give guidance today, but you mentioned you feel confident in your ability to be in the long-term algorithm on a multiyear basis. So as you think about cycling those tough comparisons, what are the areas of the business that you expect could accelerate? Is it more innovation -- contribution from innovation and be better volume in developed markets, or maybe the pet food business? Just any perspective on how you're thinking about cycling those comps and areas of the business that could accelerate? Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Yeah. Thanks, Filippo for the question. We've been talking for, I think, the better part of three years now on how important it is to invest in the long-term capabilities that we think are going to be essential to drive sustained growth. And I really attribute that -- ability to do that to the flexibility that we've built into the P&L. So what we're focused on right now is elevating and accelerating innovation, particularly H2 and H3. We think we have a continued very strong new product grid moving into '25 and '26. We've built gross margin flexibility into the P&L that allows us to invest back behind the business, that advertising level, we will continue to do that. That's the way you improve brand health and drive long-term sustainable share growth. You've seen the share growth really inflect over the last couple of years, as youve seen global shares, particularly in toothpaste and toothbrushes continue to move upwards. That's a reflection of the innovation and the sustained growth that we have -- the sustained advertising growth that we have in the P&L. So a lot of the same, Filippo, continuing to invest back behind the business, drive household penetration where we're getting much better with the analytical work that we're doing to understand where those growth opportunities are, building per capita consumption in those markets where we see real opportunities, driving our brand through advocacy. So all the things that we've been talking about, clearly will play out in '25 and into '26.
Operator: The next question comes from Robert Moskow with TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Thank you. I want to know about Europe. Obviously, a very strong quarter, and a lot of your peers have been delivering strong results in Europe as well. But one of your peers said not to expect this on an ongoing basis. So I wanted to know if -- what's driving it? What were your market shares like, in Europe during the quarter and what do you expect going forward?
Noel Wallace: Yeah. Thanks, Robert. Again, a great quarter for Europe. My congratulations to the team out there which is doing an exceptional job really focusing on the fundamentals. We've clearly put significant investment back into Europe, which we're seeing really play out in that sustained top line growth. Volume growth was terrific. We're getting a little bit of pricing. Pricing, we're not immune to the challenges of pricing in Europe. But the good news is, we move into '25 with much stronger market shares, good penetration across our categories, and a very strong level of advertising that's improved brand health. So again, very consistent with the theme that we've been talking about, reinvest behind those growth opportunities. Our Oral Care shares are at record high levels now. We continue to see growth opportunities there, particularly building penetration amongst very specific targets. The advertising levels across the business, not just in Oral Care or coming back in. So we're seeing more broad-based growth across the European business. But we're not immune to some of the softness and challenges that always seem to plague the European market long term. But the good news is the business is in very good shape. Gross margins are at very high levels. Advertising strong and market shares have been reflected very positively.
Operator: The next question comes from Bonnie Herzog with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Bonnie Herzog: Thank you. Good morning.
Noel Wallace: Good morning, Bonnie.
Bonnie Herzog: Good morning. I wanted to ask about your emerging markets business. Organic sales growth has been strong in these markets, but most of its been driven by pricing to offset FX pressures. And I guess, as a result, this isn't necessarily translating into significant growth on a net basis. So I guess, I'd be curious to better understand how you're thinking about these businesses, and ultimately, how we should think about the contribution of volume mix going forward?
Noel Wallace: Yeah. Thanks, Bonnie. Listen, the emerging market numbers were terrific. Even ex-Argentina, very positive volume and positive pricing ex-Argentina. So we're encouraged very much so. Some of our larger markets, particularly Brazil, India and Mexico continue to perform very, very strongly. And if you look long-term strategically, this is where the growth is going to come from. I mean, there continues to be per cap opportunities, premiumization opportunities in those markets, which we think we're executing very well. I'm sure, we'll get into some discussions on Latin America, but they continue to perform exceptionally well despite some of the choppiness that we've seen in some of those markets, particularly Mexico in post-elections. But overall, the emerging market strategy that we have in place continues to deliver. So you go across the board, Asia, strong performance this quarter, particularly China. Our Colgate China business performed exceptionally well. India strong. Africa, Eurasia, despite some of the volatility of that division is going through, again, quite strong. So we think the refocus on some of the real basic fundamentals that we had to put back into the business on driving household penetration, making sure were looking at the premiumization opportunities, getting gross margin back into the P&L has allowed us to get a lot more flexibility in targeting some of those markets. Now as you well know, theres significant volatility in emerging markets. Weve seen some of the exchange rates move negatively over the recent periods, and well have to adjust accordingly to that moving forward. But overall, we feel very good about it, but were not immune to some of the economic and political issues that I outlined earlier that impact those markets. But overall, the underlying performance is kind of right where wed like to see it.
Operator: The next question comes from Kevin Grundy with BNP. Please go ahead.
Kevin Grundy: Great. Thanks. Good morning, everyone and congratulations on the really strong quarter and results year-to-date. Stan, I was hoping maybe we could pivot to gross margin. Again, strong in the quarter. We're seeing the pricing contribution start to step down here commensurately with lower level of cost inflation. Funding the growth continues to be quite good, has been for a very long time at the company. Without giving guidance for next year, can you maybe just help us think about the building blocks and how you're thinking about gross margin development over the next 12 months or so? And then relatedly, what that may mean as you're thinking about reinvestment further down the P&L? Thank you for that.
Stanley Sutula: Hey. Good morning, Kevin. Thanks for the question. So gross profit, we're very pleased with the gross profit margin here in third quarter. And candidly, it was better than our expectations, up 270 basis points year-on-year and improved sequentially. As we've disclosed before, we continue to see raw material inflation, and you saw that in our gross margin roll forward. Also, we're going to wrap around on even tougher compares here on a year-on-year basis in Q4. So as we think about the components, I think the teams have done a really nice job of looking and driving, funding the growth to drive productivity, which will help us on the margin. And then openly, we also get benefit from volume. So as the volumes have been increasing, we get the ability to get more overhead absorption, and that's always a benefit when we think about the variances. Now as Noel talked about earlier, we expect that the pricing contribution will mitigate over time. So we're not going to give '25 guidance here. But I think if you look at our history, you would see that we drive funding the growth. We have a great program here to drive that productivity over time. And that funding the growth, combined with revenue growth management, will help us balance out that P&L. The model we continue to expect, which would be gross margin dollars will drive that profitable growth. We'll invest that back in the business through innovation, through advertising to deliver both top and bottom line.
Operator: The next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Lauren Lieberman: Great. Thanks. Good morning. I was just curious, if you could talk a little bit about the philosophy on advertising and reinvestment spending. Like, how high can you go? Is there a point at which there's sort of a diminishing rate of return? So whether it's not about '25, but let's call it '25 and beyond, as you've created this flexibility, Stan just spoke to ongoing productivity programs, funding the growth continues. So how do you think about that spending and making sure it's still coming back with that same ROI and it's not diminishing? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Yeah. Good morning, Lauren. Thank you. We've talked about for quite some time. And the fundamental strategy within the company is obviously building that flexibility so we can reinvest in building our brands. I mean we've got great penetration opportunities. We've got brand equity and health opportunities. And ultimately, that's how you drive sustained growth over the long-term, is making sure that consumers understand our product benefits and are excited about using our products. And so we find -- as you see through the volume line, particularly, and we have a lot of internal measurements to assess ROI. But if you take it at the simplest level, continuing to drive volume growth and broad-based penetration around the world is the most important benchmark for us to ascertain whether our advertising is working for us or not. How high is high? We continue to assess this on a geographic basis. Are we getting the returns? Do we need to move money, which is new for us from one division to another where we're seeing better returns on that. I talked about Europe earlier. We're seeing exceptional return on investment with our advertising investments, particularly in Oral Care. We obviously have the flexibility to now put some more money into the North America business, which I think will benefit from that. But overall, we're getting better at understanding what's working for us. And particularly, as we look at some of the work we're doing around analytics and using AI to really improve our digital impact, that's going to have a better ROI for us moving forward. I would very much like to find even more efficiency in the advertising P&L. That will be a primary focus for us as we move into '25 and '26, is really beefing up the analytical capabilities we have around our media buys and making sure that we're really understanding what's working for us on a much more fluid basis than we've had before, so we can make decisions on an intelligent basis as quickly as possible. So overall, we're pleased with the advertising investment. We've been able to now support more of our brands broadly across the business, that is certainly helping drive overall health. And most importantly, again, we're seeing good penetration numbers and good premiumization opportunities through some of our innovations. So overall, we feel good about that. We're going to continue to invest as long as we see the top line and penetration moving.
Operator: The next question comes from Kaumil Gajrawala with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Kaumil Gajrawala: I'd like to follow up on that a little bit. I think it was interesting when you said better at some of the things that are working. Can you maybe just talk about some of the changes that you've made, maybe it's in being tactical on the advertising versus longer-term brand building? If you could just maybe get into some of the tweaks because when we see such a good result, especially, in some markets where CPG peers have struggled. It feels like there's a lot more going on, and if you could just give a little more detail on what's behind that, I think it would be helpful.
Noel Wallace: Yeah. Sure, Kaumil. Thank you. Listen, over the last three or four years, our team here in New York, working really closely with our operating heads, has spent a significant amount of time in the strategy of the company. And what that really entails is making sure that we are collectively working together on prioritizing where we see the biggest growth opportunities. Historically, Id say, we were a bit democratic in our spending. Were now much more strategic and we are able to pinpoint where were getting the best ROI, where we see the best growth opportunities. And the division presidents arent afraid to move money around within their divisions and across divisions to ensure that were putting our money in areas where were going to get the best return for that. And that clearly is demonstrated through the volume growth that were seeing across all six divisions. I think it really comes down to not only just Oral Care and Pet Health and Skin Health, but now looking at opportunities both in the Personal Care businesses, the classical Personal Care businesses. Bodywash had a great performance in Europe this quarter. Theyre supporting some relaunches with great innovation and advertising. Likewise, were seeing some great opportunities in Home Care across Latin America, which had a nice Home Care result in the quarter. So its broad-based support and its making sure strategically that were very thoughtful about where were putting the money in terms of geographic. The second aspect of that is exactly how we spend our money. The media environments become far more complex. There are various platforms to choose from. Were being very selective and focused on how we spend that money. Its easy to get enamored with a lot of shiny objects out there in terms of media opportunities, but were focused on where we can build reach and build the frequency accordingly to build brand health. And the digital teams here in New York, helping to share best practices around the world and getting that ROI up, specifically in the digital area across different mediums, has really paid out nicely for us.
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Carey with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Chris Carey: Hi, good morning. Can you expand a bit on what you're seeing in Latin America? You made a comment about Mexico and the elections, but in the prepared remarks there was also a comment about stabilizing and still positive. So just what's the direction of travel in Latin America, specifically Mexico and perhaps Brazil? And then just connected to that, you talked about some currency volatility and needing to respond in different ways. How do you think about pricing in this market, specifically, if the macros are stable, but maybe not as strong as they were a year ago? Just any thoughts on how you'd approach strategy in these markets over the 12 months? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Sure, Chris. Thank you. Good morning. So again, as you mentioned, really strong performance in Latin America, notably against tougher volume comps. We did expect some slowdown in organic sales growth, and that's what we're seeing, but very much in line with our expectations. So we feel very good about that. And the underlying health of the business, i.e., specifically market shares, Latin America had a terrific quarter. Pleasingly, if you look at that business on a two year stack basis, volume has increased sequentially for four consecutive quarters. So despite the fact that there's a lot of volatility, we're seeing volume come back into the categories. And you'll remember that we took significant pricing in those geographies over the last two years. So to see volume come back as quickly as it did and sustained is important. Now post elections, we've seen some choppiness in Mexico, particularly around the category that may be more of a normalization. We're going to have to watch that carefully and make sure that we're thinking about our spending accordingly in that market. But we've got a really strong innovation plan. You saw in the prepared remarks, we've relaunched Colgate Total, which is a very significant business across Latin America and affords us a very important opportunity to continue to drive premiumization. But behind, what we think is the best formula that we've ever put in the market on Colgate Total and one that we are very excited about seeing the results of that across Latin America. But again, pricing up ex Argentina. So if foreign exchange continues to move against us, the strength of the brands and the support that we put behind that business, we think we can take more pricing in those markets to help offset that. But we're not immune to some of the sluggish and the foreign exchange that hits those markets, as you well know. I talked about Mexico at Barclays. And overall, I think we continue to have a very strong performance there. But the sluggishness that we're seeing across some of the categories as we ended the quarter, we need to watch that carefully. And I think, again, the team is very well positioned to execute based on what we see. So overall, good. Brazil, a terrific quarter for Brazil despite obviously some -- a little bit of uncertainty in those markets that continues to plague them, but I feel good about what we're seeing coming out of Brazil across the rest of the region. The performance continues to be quite strong. This is the team that knows how to execute in volatile environments, knows how to continue to drive penetration and premiumization. So I feel pretty confident that while  despite the lack of aggressive pricing, given the inflationary pressures, we will still get some foreign exchange pricing in the business over the subsequent quarters.
Operator: The next question comes from Olivia Tong with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Olivia Tong: Good morning. Thank you. I wanted to ask you broadly about affordability given the macro environment, particularly in North America, but I think this is relevant to all markets. And as consumers continue to scrutinize your spending, can you talk about some of the initiatives that you have that help with respect to either promotional plans or at mid-tier price points with product? Just sort of thinking about the broader picture and how consumers are thinking about their total basket spend and actions that you're taking to maintain, if not grow share in that backdrop? Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning, Olivia. So again, let me come back to strategy. Our strategy has been to accelerate our innovation, particularly on the premium side of the business, which providing value add benefits to the big core businesses that we have around the world, supporting that with advertising and ultimately, getting the brand penetration and share growth. Our volume shares performed well in the quarter in general across the world. Likewise, our value shares. We saw, obviously, toothpaste performed quite well in that regard. So overall, again, the consumer may be a little bit challenged, particularly in North America, it's making sure that we continue to dial up our innovation and provide real added value for -- across the multiple price tiers in which we compete. The other aspect of that is making sure that you are very thoughtfully thinking about your promotional cadence and how you promote your digital coupon strategy, your paper coupon strategy, your promotions, on-pack promotions, your price pack architectures. All of those are critically important in making sure that we have the analytics to really determine what's going to drive category growth for our retailers and continue to drive performance for our business. I was just reviewing the other day some incredible work that we're doing with some of the retailers in the U.S. with real AI and analytics around our promotions and seeing great results for that. So I think the point is, yes, the environment is a little bit more competitive. Coupon redemption rates are up. Promotions seem to be more or less in line, which I would say, normalized. Still not back to the pre-COVID levels, which is good, but more or less normalized. And ultimately, its making sure that were spending our money as thoughtfully as we possibly can to get the best ROI. But I would say a more normalized consumer, slightly higher promotional redemption rates behind coupons. But across the world, its pretty consistent in terms of where we were post COVID.
Operator: The next question comes from Robert Ottenstein with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Robert Ottenstein: Great. Thank you very much. Terrific results, Noel. So if you, I think, stand back and listen to at least three or four of the questions, I think the underlying question is, why are you guys doing so well in so many places? And it's -- and I think is it just that, hey, you're spending more -- you can spend more money, you've got the data, so you're spending it in the right places. And that's kind of a very broad sort of the answer. But what I'd like to do is drill down a little bit more on that point and see -- and maybe just talk about Oral Care. How much of your success is driven by technology, by the whitening initiatives and then marketing that or other specialties? Just trying to get a sense of things that can drive sustainable, continued market share gains that go beyond just spending more money in marketing. And I know that's going on, but I just want to give you the chance to talk about that a little bit more. And then also, if we had the time, looking at what you're doing in China, which is just -- you're just being much more successful than anybody else at this point and how that model applies to that very tough market. Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Great. Good morning, Rob. Thanks. Thanks for the question. So again, it comes back, I think, with just consistency of performance in our focused categories around the world and our ability to really dial in on where we see the growth opportunities. We've spent a lot of time talking about building capabilities. And I really want to emphasize that because you don't necessarily see the immediate impact in the quarter, but those capabilities are all intended on building long-term, sustainable health behind our business. So it's innovation. It's digital, It's our advertising return on investment. It's our data acquisition and using data to drive better decision-making. It's making sure that our innovation across H2 and H3 is where it needs to be. Making sure the core is where it needs to be. Making sure that we're addressing new channel behaviors. But it's all the basics that we've been talking about and making sure then that we invest accordingly. And we had to get the middle of the P&L addressed to do that. So we deliberately took a lot of pricing over the last three years to get our categories where they needed to get to. And then ultimately, that is paid out in allowing us to really invest consistently behind our brands. And we measure internally our brand health, the health of our equities, and they are in a really good place, and that's what we want to continue to build. Now we're not immune to what everyone is talking about. Clearly, we're going to see some divisions take a step back. But the breadth of our business and our geographic footprint, we believe, allows us to weather some of these -- the volatility that you're seeing referring to Better than Most, and we want to continue to do that. But we can't be complacent. We need to build more capabilities and sharpen those as we move forward. We need to continue to address the opportunities we see in certain geographies where we think there's real growth for us there. But again, it's a deliberate, thoughtful approach to this business. We're going to be consistent. We're not going to necessarily try to hit home runs, a lot of singles to take a sports analogy. But making sure that we do that in a way that drives broad-based growth over time. So again, a lot of the strategy, Rob, particularly on Oral Care. To your question, we think the focus on premiumization, the great new product innovations that we brought on whitening adjacencies, we now have Colgate Total rolling out in Latin America with some significant new innovation behind the core. You heard about some of the great technology that we're bringing into Max Fresh across India and some of the Southeast Asia markets, that will continue to roll out. So again, the stepped-up innovation and resources that we're putting behind that will ultimately play out. On China specifically, it should be said that we had some pretty easy comps. But that being said, our China business continues to perform really, really well. I'll talk to Colgate first and then the Hawley & Hazel business. The Colgate business continues to do very well, up high single digits, driven primarily by premiumization. Great innovation across the calendar moving forward. We're improving our brand health behind some of the investment that I referred to. And overall, we're getting a good mix of volume and pricing against tougher comps on the Colgate side. Hawley & Hazel, as you know, has come out of quite a few quarters of challenged growth. We're starting to see that come back nicely, which is good, but not where we need to be yet. So we still have room for opportunity. We are looking at our go-to-market approach on Hawley & Hazel moving forward. That team is really deliberately thinking about how we want to be structured over the next couple of years to ensure that we can continue to invest in a very competitive market and drive sustained volume and value growth for the business. But overall, pleased with the China performance, but were not immune to the slowdown that were seeing across that business. But we think the consistent performance behind our innovation and supporting those business will drive sustained growth moving forward.
Operator: The next question comes from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Andrea Teixeira: Hi, good morning. My question is what was the exit rate for organic sales growth in the quarter and what is embedded in your guidance for Q4? Because even if the guidance raise is a wide range. And Noel, from your tone on this call, it seems that you're supposed to keep the pace of 6% globally. So in other words, if you current trends continue, is that the way we should be thinking, that the top of the range would be that embedded around 6%? And if I can squeeze a clarification on Hills. Can you comment now on the potential for more international expansion with more capacity into 2025? Thank you for both.
Noel Wallace: Great. Andrea, good morning. Thank you. Listen, we don't guide by quarter, so I don't want to get into the specifics. But I do think we're -- we feel pretty good about the underlying health of where the quarter came in. So overall, we're good. And as I said in my upfront comments, we think we're positioned for consistent growth. But we're not, again, as I mentioned, immune to some of the issues that many of the CPG companies have talked about throughout the earnings season. But that's reflected in our guidance. And I think you see that in our numbers and the guidance for itself in terms of where we think well be. Obviously, weve seen a little slowdown, a little move in foreign exchange. Well see ultimately where the categories unfold as we exit the year. But overall, we feel like were in a pretty good position. On Hills capacity, that is continuing to obviously allow a lot of good things on the Hills business. Its allowing us to build more flex in the middle of the P&L. We continue to find ways to truly optimize that supply chain and build more positive variances to those factories. Secondly, its allowing us to obviously expand into higher growth segments in the wet segment, which we saw a nice growth in the wet business in quarter and continuing to drive overall share in that segment. So its giving us a lot more flexibility. Theres more work to be done. Well continue to obviously be very, very diligent about how we think about allocating volumes across the world and addressing some of the growth opportunities that we see, particularly internationally. But overall, a terrific quarter and the supply chain team at Hills is doing just an exceptional job integrating the new facilities and finding ways to really optimize the network.
Operator: The next question comes Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Bryan Spillane: Thanks, operator. Good morning, everyone. So I have just maybe one point of clarification and then a question. And the clarifying, Noel, I think earlier you talked a little bit about gross profit dollars and gross dollar profit growth. And I think it's maybe created a little bit of a question about whether there's a signal here that the focus maybe more shifting to gross profit dollar growth versus gross margin percentages. And I know you've had a view on that in the past, so if you could just sort of clarify that? Just is there any sort of message that you're trying to send or we still leave gross margin expand?
Noel Wallace: Yeah. Let me maybe throw it to Stan, Bryan. No message whatsoever here. We could -- as I think we've been quite consistent, we understand the importance of gross margin, both gross margin percent and gross margin dollars. Encouragingly, in the quarter, we saw both and that's important for us. But again, as we strategically look at the growth opportunities, whether it's innovation, geographically, we're thoughtfully thinking through exactly how the impacts on gross margin will be. But ultimately, what we're looking for is our ability to continue to drive gross margin dollars to invest in the business. And it's hard to get there without gross margin percent. We're not just going to chase volume to drive dollars is what I'm saying, it has to be very deliberate choice. But let me give it to Stan, he can provide a little bit more color.
Stanley Sutula: Yeah, Bryan. So first of all, it is obviously a combination of the two. And if you think about the business, we have -- you saw a great margin improvement in a number of businesses, particularly in Hill's. And as we look, the only part we're trying to -- point we're trying to make is how we deliver that margin improvement in those -- in that dollar growth is going to shift. So pricing will be less of a benefit, volume has been a help here going in and productivity will continue to be a driver as we look at that. But obviously, as we look at both margin and dollars it's a combination of both. And that is part of our overall business model on how we drive the investment back into the business and deliver top and bottom line growth.
John Faucher: Bryan, if I can just add one point to Stan's point. The bottom line growth piece, key, right? We need EPS growth in dollars, right, because that's what creates long-term TSR at the top end of our peer group. So we talk about organic sales growth, but we're focused on driving dollar-based sales growth. We talked about driving gross margin percentage, but we also know we need to drive those gross profit dollars to drive EPS growth in dollars to drive TSR. So it's a very thoughtful way to look at it, but as Stan said, you need both to drive that bottom line growth.
Operator: The next question comes from Korinne Wolfmeyer with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Korinne Wolfmeyer: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I'd like to get a little bit more clarity on some of the dynamics that were going on in North America in the quarter. I mean it sounds like some shipments were pushed from Q3 to Q4. Can you just clarify what that was due to? And then the pullback in the eCommerce, what that was attributable to? And then how should we be thinking about some of the macro dynamics in Q4, especially in the U.S. as some retailers are talking about pulling back into orders? Thank you.
A  Noel Wallace: Yeah, Korinne. Thank you. Again, we talked about three specific things. Obviously, theres some shipment timing that moved from third to the fourth quarter, that was just due to some disruptions in our network and ultimately getting that order out in time. But ultimately, it will move into the fourth quarter. But nothing systemic there that we feel would be reoccurring. The eCommerce issue was specifically on the skin health business. Weve seen a little  obviously, theres some softness coming out of Asia, specifically China. But this one was more specific to the U.S. market, where we saw some of our big online retailers pull back a little bit on orders at the end of the quarter. We think those were inventory adjustments more than anything. But in any case, we need to watch that carefully and see if thats going to be sustained or not moving forward. And overall, the macro dynamics in the North America, I would say, more stabilization. We havent seen anything deeply unusual on the promotion side. I think the percent sold on promotion is more or less pretty consistent. Still not back to where it was, as high as it was, pre-COVID. So overall, I would say more normalization, as I did mention, a little higher redemption rates coming through on couponing, and a little bit more broad-based activity in terms of the number of promotions. But overall depth and proportion to what weve seen in the past seems pretty normalized right now.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Steve Powers: Hey, thanks. Good morning. I wanted to ask Noel on Skin Care. I guess, first, just mechanically and following up to Dara in North America, are you able to quantify how much of a drag the restatement was on growth in that segment this quarter to the extent that it was? But then more generally, I guess, you've talked a little bit about it, but maybe could you expand on what you're seeing in skin care trends across key markets because I'm assuming there's a good deal of variability. And do any of the reporting structure changes that you've made this year carried with them give some strategy with respect to how you approach Skin Care or skin health opportunities longer term? Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Yeah. Thanks, Steve. So overall, let me just generalize. North America was, with the order changes and the skin, if you take skin out was closer to flat for the quarter. But I'm not going to quantify any more specifics on that. But specifically around the skin sector, I think you've heard from others, there's been some sluggishness, particularly in Asia. Likewise in Europe, and to a certain extent in the U.S. as well. So we're not necessarily immune to that. But what we have been doing very specifically is we are thinking about that business quite differently. We brought in some outside talent, somebody with over 20 years experience at LOreal. Were getting very clear and articulate about what we  where we want to compete and how we want to compete in that space. We feel very good about that organization now being much more centralized here in the U.S. in order to drive global decisions from the center and making very deliberate choices on how you invest and where we invest. We had to clean up some of the market expansion opportunities there that we didnt think were sustainable for the business. But overall, the economics and long-term health aspects of where we see that business growing continue to be very favorable. And were encouraged, obviously, by the long-term strategy. Weve got some short-term issues with, obviously, Asia and some of the softness that were seeing in some of the European markets to address. But overall, again, we feel the strategy were putting in place will get us back to the sustained growth that we expect.
Operator: The next question comes from Mark Astrachan with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Mark Astrachan: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. I wanted to go back to U.S. Oral Care and kind of ask more of a deep dive question there. So as we look at the market trends over a long period of time, there were four or five quarters where it was actually growth '22 to '23 (ph). But largely, it's been in a decelerating or share loss situation going back quite a long time. I guess the question is, what contributes to that period of outperformance? What has contributed to this state of back to share loss? And maybe if you kind of like a deep dive on what you think competitors are doing well, where they're gaining share? Where do you think Colgate could do a better job from a share perspective and how do you broadly kind of think about it? Because I know there's a lot of thought innovation around this total relaunch is to refocus on whitening, and yet, the general trajectory remains kind of where it is? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Yeah. Thanks, Mark. Listen, overall, shares are roughly flat, down 20 basis points on toothpaste and up on toothbrushes. And clearly, weve seen some impact of our refocus on some of the untracked channels that weve had over the last couple of years and seeing good performance in those untracked channels. So overall, business is good. Its not exactly where we want it right now, and were very focused on getting the innovation strategy dialed up. Weve got to get the premiumization side of that business addressed. Weve got strong core businesses that were seeing benefited as you see the consumer to a certain extent, some of the consumers trading more into the mid-tier. But overall, its getting the premiumization side of the business addressed moving forward. And were very focused on that in the strategy. Toothbrush business continues to perform very, very well. So again, putting more investment into that market, getting the innovation right, executing the fundamentals around distribution and shelf sets, all the basics that we think are necessary. And the plans that we have in 25 were some of the big core relaunches that were not privy to talk about, we think were set up for stronger success moving forward. Weve seen some, again, choppiness with some of the retail environments, particularly the drug class of trade, where we hire shares, has struggled to drive traffic and turn in their retail environment. So were having to shift accordingly. But we still feel the channel long term provides a growth opportunity for us, but youve seen some sluggishness in that retail environment in the short term.
Operator: Our last question today comes from Edward Lewis with Redburn Atlantic. Please go ahead.
Edward Lewis: Yeah. Thanks very much. I guess just looking back when you launched your sort of new strategy a few years ago. You talked about the core product of CPG doing a lot around that. You talked about adjacent categories. And you also talked about adjacent channels, the opportunities there. And just looking at the results today, I mean, we've seen the success for a number of years now on eCommerce in China. But how much of the channel mix changed in regions like, say, Latin America and Asia, ex-China relative to where it was before? And how much is that helping the success you're seeing with the premiumization strategy?
Noel Wallace: Yeah. Good morning, Ed. Thank you. Interesting question. It's back on the channel expansion. I mean the initial focus on that was predominantly eCommerce, but we identified real unique opportunities in the expansion of very innovative discount formats around the world. The expansion of the club store format in certain parts of the world, you're seeing club stores particularly in Asia, and more specifically, China, grow quite significantly a couple of years. So it's making sure that as we think strategically around where we want to invest, we're investing in those retailers that are going to drive long-term growth for the business. And we've been very quick to adopt to new formats. And that's been one of the successes we've had here in North America when we initially guided to the Dollar Stores decades ago and ultimately, we've got strong leads there. But it's making sure that we are working with our retailers, all of our retailers to bring products to drive innovative growth for their sectors. And that's the key focus for us, category growth across all channels. And making sure that as we see new retail environments come on stream, that we're thinking very thoughtfully on how to do that in a way that drives growth for our retailers for the category and for the whole market. So I think it's just being very attuned to what we're seeing in the markets. You're seeing a lot of very innovative things happening at the retailer level. I think that's to be expected given some of the challenges in the move to eCommerce. So there's big box retailers that are having to change their shopping experience. And we're very much working in tandem with them to ensure that we have the products they need, the price pack architectures and configurations that they need in order to drive excitement at the shelf.
Operator: This concludes the Q&A portion.
Noel Wallace: Thanks. Thanks to everyone. Again, a strong quarter. We're having a good year so far through three quarters. Net sales were up 4.5%. Organic, up 8.5%. With again, a very strong balance between volume at 3.3% and pricing at 5.2%, and EPS double-digit on a year-to-date basis. And importantly, getting that flexibility across the income statement and the balance sheet. But this is the hard work of Colgate people all around the world aligned to our growth strategy and executing extraordinarily well. So thanks, everyone, for the questions today, and thanks to all the Colgate people for delivering a strong quarter.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-26 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to todays Colgate-Palmolive second quarter 2024 earnings conference call. This call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgatepalmolive.com. Now for opening remarks, Id like to turn this call over to Chief Investor Relations Officer and Executive Vice President, M&A, John Faucher.
John Faucher: Thanks Drew. Good morning and welcome to our second quarter 2024 earnings release conference call. This is John Faucher. Todays conference call will include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from these statements. Please refer to the second quarter 2024 earnings press release and related prepared materials, and our most recent filings with the SEC including our 2023 annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings, all available on Colgates website, for a discussion of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these statements. This conference call will also include a discussion of non-GAAP financial measures, including those identified in Tables 4, 6, 7, 8 and 9 of the earnings press release. A full reconciliation to the corresponding GAAP financial measures is included in the second quarter 2024 earnings press release and is available on Colgates website. Joining me on the call this morning are Noel Wallace, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Stan Sutula, Chief Financial Officer. Noel will provide you with some thoughts on our Q2 results and our 2024 outlook. We will then open it up for Q&A. Noel?
Noel Wallace: Thanks John, and thanks for joining us this morning. I look forward to taking your questions in regards to our strong Q2 results. As part of our ambition to deliver consistent compounded earnings growth, we have talked about the importance of driving balanced organic sales growth - all six divisions, all four categories, and with a combination of volume and pricing growth. We have re-vamped our innovation model, leveraged our global strength across price tiers, invested in marketing spend, and scaled new exciting capabilities across the organization, all of which is driving brand health and household penetration. This is particularly important given the pricing we have taken over the past few years. Our return to mid single-digit volume growth this quarter, including growth at both Hills and Hawley & Hazel highlights some early success from this strategy, and this is well timed. We are returning to strong volume growth as gross margins are expanding, which will drive the incremental gross profit that funds the investment in brands and capabilities while still delivering compelling bottom line growth. Were also using data and analytics tools, including AI, to track the effectiveness of these activities as we look to further optimize the return on our increased spending. This is a topic well be discussing more over time. With this combination of increased penetration and the continued success of our revenue growth management strategy, we have the plans in place to drive consistent, balanced top line growth. We combine that with the benefits of operating leverage, productivity and cost discipline to turn that into consistent compounded earnings per share growth. Along with strong cash flow to fund investment, dividends and share repurchases, we believe this leaves us well positioned to drive top tier TSR. Our recent results show the strength and effectiveness as we continue to execute against this strategy, and with that, Ill open it up to questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question and answer session. [Operator instructions] The first question today comes from Peter Grom with UBS. Please go ahead.
Peter Grom: Thank you Operator, and good morning everyone. Noel, I was hoping you could give us a deeper understanding of the levels of investment and what drives the confidence that the changes youve made over the past several years can sustain this improvement weve seen. Obviously from an outsider perspective, it seems to be working given the market share is in the mid single digit volume growth today, but just as you look ahead, how do you sustain this momentum and continue to build household penetration from here? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Yes, thanks Peter, and first of all, happy birthday!
Stan Sutula: Happy birthday!
John Faucher: Happy birthday Peter!
Peter Grom: Thanks guys.
Noel Wallace: So lets get into the heart of the strategy, which I think weve been pretty consistently communicating over the past few years, and thats really getting the middle of that P&L in a place where we could have a lot more flexibility to invest behind the brands. That investment certainly is helping to drive the strong volume performance, but more importantly household penetration, which ultimately drives category growth and market share. Its keeping that flexibility in the middle of the P&L, allowing us to pinpoint the advertising in areas where we see real growth. The international exposure of our business obviously is giving us opportunities to allocate money in regions and areas where we see great growth opportunities, and that was delivered in the quarter with category growth across all of our categories and all of our divisions. Keeping those investment levels where they are, continuing to find ways to drive the effectiveness of that investment likewise is very important. As Ive mentioned before and as you saw down at CAGNY, were using AI and other tools to really drive improved ROI. Were getting much better at our innovation - thats certainly helping drive that consistent growth around the world, and the execution of the strategy, we think is far better than it has been in previous years. Overall, keeping the flex in the middle of the P&L, strong gross margins, and allocating that in areas around the world where were seeing real opportunities for growth, we think will drive sustained, consistent compounded growth moving forward.
Operator: The next question comes from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Dara Mohsenian: Hey guys.
Noel Wallace: Hey Dara.
Dara Mohsenian: Just wanted to focus on the long term top line growth opportunity in Hills from here on the volume and pricing side. First, maybe just on volume, youve added a lot of capacity in the last couple of years, youve also got a lot of areas youre still under-penetrated in, in theory internationally - wet foods, small paws, etc., so just some perspective at this point as we look out over the next three to five years, is there incrementality in volume as you pursue these areas more aggressively, and how should we think about that? Then on pricing, obviously youve had very strong penetration increases, market share gains on the Hills business. In theory, that should support higher pricing over time, but youre also in a category environment with industry trade-down in pet and probably a tough CPG environment in general for pricing, so how should we think about pricing going forward? Can you take consistent pricing, maybe to recapture some of the margin compression if you strip out the higher marketing in recent years, and just how would you juxtapose that sort of internal momentum versus the external environment in terms of your ability to take pricing longer term, looking out over the next few years?
Noel Wallace: Thanks Dara. You know, clearly a great quarter for Hills, a strong performance across the board, quite frankly, and were particularly pleased with the strong volume in light of the significant pricing weve taken historically. Ill come back and talk about pricing in a moment. But obviously ex-private label, to see the strength of the volume and the pricing move through the P&L is extremely encouraging, particularly given the advertising investment that weve put into the business, which continues to strengthen the brand. I think whats important to call out in the quarter is the real inflection on the margin line, strong gross margin, strong operating margin, and this is a reflection, I think of getting more volume running through the business and obviously seeing the leverage move through the P&L. But if I take a step back again and characterize the marketplace, clearly as weve talked about before, low household awareness and low brand penetration overall of the Hills business clearly supporting the strong advertising investment, and were seeing that delivered in the quarter - penetration up, market shares up. Were were one of the fastest growing global brands in some of the pet specialty stores this quarter, so again I think a reflection of the upside potential we still have. When you look at segment opportunities, weve talked about that in the past, obviously wet an area that were under-indexed in, clearly seeing the ramped up capacity we have in wet delivering better penetration, better growth, better execution in stores as were getting more wet SKUs on the shelf. Thats obviously translating into more upside potential as we consumers obviously shifting into those categories. Overall, we think the balance of the business is where we want it, and were continuing to invest aggressively to drive that household penetration. You couple that with a really strong innovation pipeline, we see that in the first half of this year and we see that moving into 25 as well, so we think quite frankly the flywheel of the business is working very effectively for us right now. Low penetration, low awareness, were working on that and getting more effectiveness in our advertising spend, which were increasing, and importantly getting the gross margins and operating margins back to where wed like them is allowing for the increased gross margin dollars to invest behind the business. International, likewise - weve talked about the opportunities that we still see globally in the long term to take this brand around the world. Were very focused on the big core markets right now, but long term we see opportunities to expand into new markets. The last Id say is obviously the mix between Science Diet and Prescription Diet, we saw a good inflection on Prescription Diet this quarter - thats been deliberate, thats been a function of partly due to the capacity expansion that weve had has allowed us to get more diets on the shelf, allowed us to provide more sustained, consistent deliver to the vet professionals on the Prescription Diet business, and we saw a good mix benefit of that in the quarter as well, so overall were pleased with it. The category is a little soft right now, as you mentioned, as household starts come down, but as we see hopefully the U.S. economy starting to show some vibrancy, or at least for a softer landing, we think that will bode well for us. Pricing is an opportunity, given the strength of the brand. Well continue to take pricing where we have necessity to do that. The good news is weve seen a little bit of flattening on commodity pricing in the Hills business, which is excellent for us as we get that pricing weve had historically. Weve seen the benefit of a more moderate inflationary environment on input costs, and we get more leverage through the P&L as we see the volume come back. So overall, we feel like were in a good position to sustain that moving forward.
Operator: The next question comes from Filippo Falorni with Citi. Please go ahead.
Filippo Falorni: Hi, good morning everyone. I wanted to ask about the North America business - great to see the volume return to solid growth, but you also called out a more promotional environment, so maybe one, you can talk about the general promotional environment in your categories from your competitors and private label? Also from a cycling standpoint, I know last year you were cycling lower promotional levels. Is it fair to think thats going to continue in Q3 and then by Q4, youre going to have a more normal comparison from a promotional level? Any color on the balance between pricing and volume in the back half for North America would be helpful, thank you.
Noel Wallace: Sure, thank you Filippo. Overall, organic growth in North America was roughly in line with our expectations, albeit more volume, which was really pleasing - Ill come back to that in just a moment, and a little less pricing than expected, although as you rightfully point out and as we said in the prepared commentary, this was due to comparisons with the year ago. If you remember, really strong pricing in the second quarter, high single digits - I think it was around 9%. We talked about it in the call in the second quarter last year, the fact that we perhaps may have pulled back a bit too far on promotions. We saw some of those promotions come back in the quarter this year, particularly in one retail environment where we didnt promote at all in the year-ago period, a little bit of mix change between some of the higher price retailers to lower price retailers also impacting price. But pleasingly on the volume side, which we think is very important for us in North America right now, we saw great improvement, and what was particularly encouraging there is we saw household penetration as a result of that. Weve talked a lot about that over the last four quarters, the importance of driving household penetration, and the North America numbers are terrific. Market share is more or less flat in value, but up quite considerably on the volume side - that reflects, I think, a much more targeted approach and a thoughtful approach in how were utilizing promotional dollars to be very effective and prudent without going too far down the trap of over-promoting. But right now, we feel were in a very good place with that. We did see some of the retailers lean in. Theres been a little bit more lift on promotional coupons, a little bit higher but expected as we move through the quarter, and we expect that to continue through the balance of the year. As I continually say, at least if you look outside of scanner data, our non-Nielsen business continued to track at multiples higher than the Nielsen tracked channels, so again really, really pleased with the overall context of how the quarter we delivered. Were going to watch the pricing carefully, but encouraged to see the volume coming back quite nicely.
Operator: The next question comes from Andrea Teixeira with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Andrea Teixeira: Thank you, good morning to all. My question is on Europe - obviously nothing short of impressive that you capped your [indiscernible] there, but with that, some of your peers have been calling a broader deceleration similar to what has been happening in the U.S., so wanted to see if you are--as you exit the quarter and as you negotiated some of the shelf space and [indiscernible] in Europe as well, and how you just described some of the shifts into the channels in the U.S. into the low income or more affordable channels, or discounters, are you seeing this happening in Europe or just as you said, your pricing ladders and your innovation has been able to sustain momentum there, and how we should be thinking to the back end. Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Yes, good morning Andrea. Much around the latter, obviously. I think we have seen some shift in the retail environments there, but again were through the negotiations and I think whats particularly pleasing in Europe is the breadth of the innovation across price tiers and the breadth of innovation across various channels. Thats allowed us, in our view, the deliver that sustained very strong growth. Whats particularly pleasing is obviously the balance between pricing and volume there. Well see pricing obviously come down as we lap some of the strong pricing we took last year, but the volume coming back into the P&L at such healthy levels was particularly encouraging for the business, and thats reflected in market share and in household penetration, as I said. The market share on toothpaste is at record high levels. I think the balance and effectiveness we have between the Colgate and the Elmex and Meridol brands is really taking stride now in the sense of getting that promotional mix right between the three brands, and were seeing likewise on the home care and the personal care brands, some of the innovation coming to the market and drive good sustained growth. Overall, a great performance for Europe. Well watch it in the back half, but right now we think the sustained market share growth that weve had across all of our categories is going to bode well for the back half, and the volume coming back in across multiple price tiers is a good indication that were in a good place to set us up for a strong back half as well.
Operator: The next question comes from Robert Moskow with TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thanks for the question. Noel, you mentioned sequentially higher commodity costs as the year progresses, and I was wondering if you could help us quantify it or tell us, is it material enough that you would have to make any kind of pricing actions, and if so, where would the hot spots be?
Noel Wallace: Yes, let me let Stan get into the details, but strategically, obviously we think with the pricing that weve taken and strong productivity moving through the P&L, particularly with the volume starting to inflect much more positively, we think were set up well for the back half. We will see some inflationary commodity increases, at least in terms of where commodities are in the back half, but nothing that gives us tremendous concern, particularly given the strong margin profile that we have across the business and where were seeing the growth. Let me have Stan give you a little bit more color there
Stan Sutula: Thanks Noel. What we saw in the first quarter, we talked about coming out was that we had general easing on commodities, but as were looking into the back half of the year, we do see some raw material inflation in commodity costs, as well as an impact from transactional FX. As we think about the components of that, there are some pieces here that are going through, but we do feel confident in our ability to offset those with funding the growth and productivity. I dont see the need, unless they move more dramatically, to take large incremental pricing. In addition on our margin as we look, even anticipating these, we expect that our second half gross margin should be up year on year at levels probably more similar to Q2, so overall I think the teams keep a good eye on this. We look at it on a forward basis, weve already locked in a significant proportion of Q3 and well look at that obviously in Q4 as we go ahead, so while were aware of it, we feel pretty well positioned.
Noel Wallace: Yes, the one unknown there is probably foreign exchange, and youve seen that obviously move a bit against us in the last three weeks, particularly the Latin currencies, so well have to watch that carefully, but were on it.
Operator: The next question comes from Kaumil Gajrawala with Jefferies. Please go ahead. Excuse me, Mr. Gajrawala, your line is open. Okay, well go to the next questioner. The next questioner is Bonnie Herzog with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Bonnie Herzog: All right, thank you. Good morning everyone.
Noel Wallace: Hey, good morning Bonnie.
Bonnie Herzog: Good morning Noel. Im just curious to hear if youve seen any noticeable changes in consumer behavior in any of your key markets, especially from the low income consumer; and then if so, what initiatives have you guys been implementing to ultimately offer more value for consumer to drive this faster volume growth that were seeing? Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Yes, thanks. I think overall, quite constructive around the world, and thats obviously reflected in the strong volume growth, and likewise the penetration and market share growth; but overall, constructive. I think a lot of the strategy that weve put in place over the last couple years, and thats innovating against some of our big core businesses and making sure that were deliberate about the innovation by retail environment, has played out well relative to ensuring that those consumers looking for more value-oriented offerings, that we have that disposable opportunity in our portfolio, and weve seen that. I think outside of the U.S, the consumer has been quite constructive. Weve seen a little bit more price value shopping in North America, but nothing too unusual right now, but well have to watch that carefully as we move through the back half of the year. As I mentioned earlier, weve seen a little bit more volume on deal coming through North America, but nothing thats not in line with historical numbers, quite frankly. Overall, U.S., watchful; Europe seems to be okay; Latin America, again youve seen the really strong volume growth over the last three or four quarters despite significant pricing, and so were seeing a good consumer environment there. Africa, Asia, Eurasia, strong, again good volume growth, and pleasingly starting to see some good volume growth coming back out of Asia and India specifically, which is encouraging.
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Carey with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Chris Carey: Hi, good morning.
Noel Wallace: Morning Chris.
Chris Carey: I just wanted to go back to the North America business, specifically around volume and investment posture, so just two parts to this. I guess first, the negative pricing in the quarter, is there a way to dimensionalize how much of that you think is the year-ago compare versus, say, actions that youre taking in market a bit more offensively? Then just from a volume perspective, when does this volume number feel sustainable going into the back half? I know you have some compare dynamics in Fabuloso and in hand soap, but at the same time, I think in your prepared remarks you called out double-digit volume growth in toothpaste, which was quite a bit ahead of what we can see in the consumption data, so Im just wondering if theyre both timing and also durable dynamics that you see in Q2 as we go into the back half. Thanks for those two.
Noel Wallace: Yes, let me start with, I guess, the volume numbers overall. We feel obviously good strong growth in the quarter, largely toothpaste driven, but we saw it across all categories, which is terrific. We expect that to continue as comparisons in North America will be favorable for us in the third quarter and in the fourth quarter, so volumes should continue to track well. Let me get into a little bit of dimensionalizing the pricing. As you said, most of it was the comp, as you recall we had 10% price in Q1, 9% price in Q2 last year, and we talked specifically, as I mentioned earlier, that we may have pulled back a little bit too much on promotions in the second quarter, so the comparison was obviously very, very favorable, and we needed to get the promotion cadence back to where we need to. We had one particular retailer, as I mentioned, that we had pulled out of last year that came back online this year, which was encouraging to help drive some of the strong volume growth, but again I think the promotional cadence that well see will be--or the pricing will be somewhat consistent with where we were in the second quarter as we move through the back half of the year, off a very strong year in 2023. Overall, whats most encouraging is to see the elasticity there as we put a little bit more pricing in the market relative to coupon and promotion. Were obviously seeing a great return on that relative to volume. Encouraging likewise, gross profit percent and gross margin dollars were up in North America, which is allowing us to continue to invest strongly behind the business, and we are encouraged by that particularly as we move in the back half of the year.
Operator: The next question comes from Olivia Tong with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Olivia Tong: Thanks, good morning. I wanted to go back to Latin America, given that continues to be a very strong driver of your total company growth - obviously very strong volume, very strong price. But you called out Brazil and Mexico, so can you talk about what youre seeing, any incremental concerns within the macros there, your sense of how the consumer is behaving in those key markets, as well as some of the other countries given the overall resonating of the growth in Latin America? Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Yes, great. Thank you Olivia. Were encouraged in our two largest businesses, LatAm and Hills, both delivering really strong quarters, particularly at the EBIT line - LatAm up 50% on EBIT, Hills up 20%, so getting the big businesses growing at that level is encouraging for us. LatAm obviously continues to be such a consistently strong performer for us. Organic sales growth was strong, we saw good volume growth across all of our businesses. Every country was positive in volume with the exception of Argentina. This was led by Brazil, which was high single digits, which is really, really strong, and four quarters of mid-single digit volume growth in LatAm, so overall a pretty good consumer environment. I would say Brazil seems to be quite strong. Mexico slowed a little bit in the quarter, well have to watch that carefully, but the rest of the region performed quite strongly. Oral care, as you mentioned, really strong performance, our market shares were up 90 basis points across the division, volume shares were up likewise across the division, so encouraged by that. The strong marketing and innovation that we put in, in the first half seems to be taking hold, so we think were well set up for continued, consistent growth as we move through the back half. I would characterize the consumer environment as pretty good, and the innovation that we have, particularly at the premium side, seems to be taking hold on whitening and some of the core re-launches seem to be driving some good success in terms of household penetration. So overall, were encouraged by LatAm and continue to believe it will be a great growth driver for us moving forward.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Steve Powers: Hi guys, good morning. Thank you. Noel, I was hoping we could talk about pricing more broadly. Its been a topic already, but its been the number one focus that Ive heard from investors today, and really not just for Colgate, not just for North America, but for the industry at large, given what weve seen and heard from others, where arguably pricing is coming down faster than might have previously been expected, at least in significant pockets. Its not hurting your performance today - you know, volumes and gross margins are great, strong reinvestment in the middle of the P&L, as you discussed. But I guess the question is, if the direction of travel is lower on pricing, again not just for Colgate but for the competitive set, is that volume and full P&L performance sustainable, and how do you think about that?
Noel Wallace: Yes, well listen, we know the markets been focused on getting back to volume growth, but weve consistently talked about, and I talked about it certainly at Deutsche Bank in Paris, on the importance of that growth being balanced, that we were going to continue to focus on the strong revenue growth management principles we have in place, the price pack architecture work that were doing, and the necessity to continue to get pricing in the P&L. Now, as the inflationary environment becomes more benign, obviously well see some foreign exchange transactional pricing that needs to go into the P&L, but were going to continue to be very focused on finding ways to drive some balanced pricing through the P&L, and we think well continue to see that obviously in the back half of the year across most of our divisions. As I mentioned earlier, our revenue growth management capabilities are very, very strong right now, and thats encouraging for us, to find ways where were seeing less inflationary pricing, to find ways to optimize category growth from a dollar standpoint. But weve talked about it consistently that we would see particularly this year inflect more towards volume than pricing, but that being said, the 4.2% pricing that we generated in the second quarter continues to be very, very strong in the context of the marketplace. I think that talks to the strength of our brands and our need to continue to offset some of the inflationary pressures that we saw in the business. So overall, well see pricing in the second half come--be a little bit lower than where we were in the second quarter, but given the levels of raw material inflation and the benefit of FTG, we still feel good about where we are from a gross profit standpoint.
Operator: The next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, thanks Operator, and good morning everyone.
Noel Wallace: Morning Bryan.
Bryan Spillane: First, I just wanted to extend a happy birthday to Peter Grom - we all love Pete. Second, just a question, I guess, as we go into looking at the first half and going into the balance of the year, and thinking about just as we fill in our models, kind of the base that were using for 24 for next year. I guess Noel, youve had upside in the first half, and I think last year there was some reinvestment, and I think as you started this year, you also spoke a bit about a bias, right, to balance the driving earnings growth but at the same time taking the opportunity when you have it, right, when things are good and youve got upside to reinvest. Can you give us a sense of just maybe the scope of reinvestment thats occurred in the first half, and then as were thinking about the second half, would that be your bias? Have you identified potential areas to spend some money back that you hadnt planned, and then finally in that, as were thinking about that for a base for 25, is there anything we should consider with regards to the level of investment in 25, whether this would be a good base off 24? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Yes, thanks Bryan. Again, very consistent with what weve spoken about in the past, and that is getting the flexibility in the middle of the P&L to give us the opportunities to really direct advertising in areas where were going to get the best return on that investment. With the continued growth in gross margin dollars with the strong top line growth, that affords us that flexibility around the world, and at the same time, as Ive mentioned, we are all over trying to improve the ROI of that spend in terms of getting more bang for the buck and being very deliberate in terms of how we approach the advertising, not increased advertising for the sake of increased advertising. The ROI culture that were implementing across the organization is very, very strong. Our intention is to continue to invest where we see a return on investment, and we see real opportunities for continued volume growth opportunities, particularly around household penetration and to build brand awareness, and well continue to invest opportunistically where we see those opportunities. I dont think there will be anything changing in the back half of this year. Our intention is to continue to invest behind the business and drive that top line consistently to drive the bottom compounding growth that weve talked about over the last three or four quarters.
Stan Sutula: Bryan, just to add onto that, if you look, I think weve demonstrated a good track record here with our ROIC back over 33%. Were on a mission for consistent, compounded EPS growth, and well make those investments where we see the ROI, and I think our track record is pretty good here. Well look to continue that going forward.
Operator: The next question comes from Robert Ottenstein with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Robert Ottenstein: Great, thank you. First, a quick follow-up, just on North America. Given that youre returning to historical or normal promotional levels, would it be fair to say that you dont expect any kind of particular competitive response? Would just love to get color on that. Then my bigger picture question is it seems to us, and I think we see it in your results, that the consumer, at least certain groups of consumers are more willing perhaps than in the past to pay up for innovation and performance, perhaps more than pre-COVID levels. Is that in fact something that is true, that youre seeing? Why would that be the case, and is it perhaps in combination with better communications on your part in terms of making clear exactly how the performance is better, and maybe whats driving that better communications? Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Yes, good morning Robert, thank you. Again, I think the overall promotional environment is constructive. As I mentioned, we may have pulled back a little bit too far last year as we pulled promotions out to get some pricing in the categories, and weve simply re-balanced that to, more importantly, probably match promotional pricing than certainly to lead it. Our intention is not to lead the category on a promotional cadence that cant be sustained. Overall, we feel like its more or less consistent with where we are. Well continue to be very prudent and mindful on where we invest those dollars, and making sure that we see the volume and the gross margin where we need it to be to continue to sustain what we want to focus on, which is strong advertising building the brands and leveraging the strong innovation pipeline that we have. Now if I extend onto innovation, clearly we will continue to operate with a real focus on the premium side of the business, and were seeing great results from that across most of our divisions, where some of our premium innovation, particularly in whitening, now with the re-launch of Total going into Latin America, obviously Elmex and Meridol at the premium side with some of their innovations, were seeing great inflection on the premium side of the business. If you couple that with the strong core business innovation that weve had - Max Fresh in India, a great example of that, were seeing great core innovation thats driving real value oriented points of difference versus our competitors, and thats what well focus on, making sure that consumers are willing to trade up based on the real strong proposition and the big selling idea behind that. Weve talked about the science and the superiority of our brands, and were really trying to incorporate that much more into our messaging, to your point, to get the messaging stronger and the content delivery stronger. Overall, its a combination of all of what you discussed, making us be focused on ensuring that we have the innovation pipeline and the pricing in place to continue to sustain that strong top line growth.
Operator: The next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Lauren Lieberman: Great, thanks. Good morning. I know you just mentioned Elmex and Meridol on the last question, but I wanted to ask a bit about that three-brand strategy in Europe and get just maybe a bit of an update on how youre managing channel reach, if youve taken those more premium brands beyond the pharmacy channel in Europe, more countries that have been added maybe in the last few years that weve kind of lost sight of, and how applicable that strategy in particular may be to other markets, because I think I recall that you were launching one of the premium brands in Latin America a few years ago. Im just curious if thats progressed at all. Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Yes, thanks Lauren, and youre absolutely right - we launched Elmex in Brazil, and Ill come back to that here at the end of my answer. But overall, its been a very deliberate strategy for us to really flex our portfolio far more than we have done historically and making sure that were capturing what are the unique needs and the consumer journey in the marketplace, and what are the growing parts of the category and particularly the therapeutic side of the category, which is where we were not seeing the level of growth that we needed. Using Elmex and Meridol particularly across Europe to capitalize on that growth has been very successful. You combine that with the strong focus weve had on whitening and multi-benefit in Total, as well as the Optic across the world, that gives us a unique combination of offerings to both the retail environments that we compete in as well as the consumer. The retail environment, weve been very disciplined about how we take Elmex and Meridol around the world, first and foremost. Weve been very deliberate and selective on what markets were going to put that into, were not going to put it in for opportunitys sake alone. Were going to be strategic about where we do that, particularly where the pharmacy channel is strong and the therapeutic benefits are growing, and we have a unique offering to go get some of our competitors in that space. Were going to be very selective on how we continue to take that around the world, but we will take it to new markets around the world where we see that opportunity. The point is, I think, getting the balance between Elmex, Meridol and Colgate right, and Europe has been a great test market for that, where were seeing very significant incremental growth across the whole entire franchise by being very focused on where were going to take those brands and how we advertise them. So overall, we feel good about that. Professional was the other aspect, and really focusing on the professional heritage of the Elmex and the Meridol brands. Weve been very deliberate about going back to the profession, educating them on the science and the key point of difference behind the Elmex and the Meridol brands, and thats certainly led to stronger endorsement levels from the profession, which obviously improve the premium-ness of the brand and the loyalty that we have behind those franchises. Oh, and you had a question in regards to--let me come back on LatAm, Lauren, quickly. Brazil was where we decided to take that brand - again, a very strong pharmacy class of trade, where we were not seeing the incremental growth that we wanted just with the Colgate franchise. We came in with the Elmex brand in LatAm, launched it in pharmacies in Sao Paulo only, and then decided to expand that based on the success that we had around the country, and weve seen that drive very significant incremental share in the pharmacy class of trade, so a great combination of portfolio offerings to the pharmacist in terms of being high end therapeutic with the Elmex brand, and making sure that we had the core offerings for the pharmacist as well with the Colgate brand, so its been a great combination for us to leverage that portfolio. Well use that as a proxy as we think about new markets around the world, but again a very consistent and disciplined go-to-market strategy, only launching in pharmacy, building the brand through the profession, and then finding ways to potentially democratize that brand as we move forward, but were going to be very deliberate and very cautious as we do that to ensure that the brand is well established and well seated in the marketplace, based on its credentials.
Operator: The last question will come from Mark Astrachan with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Mark Astrachan : Yes, thanks, and good morning everybody. I wanted to ask a couple of questions, one more of a clarification on the North America commentary and the shift to lower priced channels. We can see in the scanner data these days the shift to Costco and Amazon, as an example, and the growth is eight, nine times what it is in the legacy tracked channels. Are you referring to those as lower priced channels? If not, I guess Im curious whats driving the growth. Its been there for at least a number of quarters now, so whats driving the share shift into those channels? Then separately, unrelatedly on Prescription Diet and your commentary around the supply chain flexibility increasing shelf space and volume, we started to see some of it in the pet specialty channel, but you still have a sign up there that says you need to have a prescription to buy the product, so I guess Im curious how that works in terms of to get on shelf, you increase brand awareness and it sort of sells from there, and if you could provide just the mix of the Prescription versus the rest of the business, thatd be helpful too. Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Yes, thanks Mark. Let me take the retail channel. This has been, I think, nothing new here, quite frankly. I wouldnt say its been a huge inflection in terms of shift. Youve seen the non-tracked Nielsen channels consistently growing faster than the tracked Nielsen channels, and there is a value play there obviously with some of the club offerings. But overall, I think all the channels are looking very, very carefully at their value proposition and the price pack architectures and finding ways to ensure that theres a value orientation back to the consumer without losing, obviously, the great pricing thats come through the P&Ls or the categories over the last couple years. I dont anticipate those shifts will be anything different moving forward. Well continue to see, I think, more consistent with where weve been in the past, and were well prepared to continue to capitalize on those shifts. But the encouraging aspect is growing the Nielsen tracked channels as youve seen, as I mentioned earlier, the strong volume share growth that weve had in the Nielsen tracked channels. Were encouraged by that -it suggests that obviously the innovation and the value proposition that were offering to our trade customers to grow their categories continues to be quite solid. On Prescription Diet, again a great opportunity for us to continue to grow the Prescription Diet business. Weve talked about it in the past, where the Prescription Diet opportunity with only--less than 5% of pets are using a therapeutic nutrition today, and while our studies show, as youve heard me saying--talk about in the past, that 80% of pets can benefit from the therapeutic nutrition, so were very focused on making sure pet specialty, our vet partners, etc. have the plethora of offerings that we bring to the market, and the increased capacity that we have with Tonganoxie coming online and allowing us to optimize our network and provide more of our offerings to the retail environment on a consistent basis is playing out quite nicely for the brand, getting more of those recipes into pet specialty and neighborhood pet stores, as well as making sure we have consistent supply to our veterinary professions, where they recommend and provide that recommendation to their pet owners has been terrific for it, so we will continue to make sure that offering expands and making sure that we continue to look for ways to increase the mix towards Prescription Diet, which is a real benefit for the pet owner.
Operator: This concludes the Q&A portion of our call. I will now return the call to Noel Wallace, Colgate-Palmolives Chairman, President and CEO for any closing remarks.
Noel Wallace: Well, thank you all for joining us today, and I just want to applaud all the Colgate-Palmolive team around the world for the exceptional efforts to deliver strong top and bottom line growth. Importantly, were doing that while were building capabilities we need to stay strong moving forward, so thats terrific work by all the team. But I remind us, as always, that were only halfway through the year and we still have a lot of work to be done, so thanks to everyone and appreciate the great discussion this morning.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending todays call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-26 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive's First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgatepalmolive.com. 
 Now for opening remarks, I'd like to turn this call over to Chief Investor Relations Officer and Executive Vice President, M&A, John Faucher. 
John Faucher: Thanks, Betty. Good morning, and welcome to our first quarter 2024 earnings release conference call. This is John Faucher. Today's conference call will include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from these statements. Please refer to the first quarter 2024 earnings press release and related prepared materials and our most recent filings with the SEC, including our first quarter 2024 quarterly report on Form 10-Q and subsequent SEC filings, all available on Colgate's website, for a discussion of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these statements. 
 This conference call will also include a discussion of non-GAAP financial measures, including those identified in tables 3, 5 and 6 of the earnings press release. A full reconciliation to the corresponding GAAP financial measures is included in the first quarter 2024 earnings press release and is available on Colgate's website. 
 Joining me on the call this morning are Noel Wallace, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Stan Sutula, Chief Financial Officer. Noel will provide you with some thoughts on our Q1 results and our 2024 outlook, and we will then open it up for Q&A. Noel? 
Noel Wallace: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us to discuss our strong start to 2024. I would like to make 2 points today on why we think we are well positioned to continue to drive shareholder value through delivering consistent, compounded earnings per share growth. 
 The first is the importance of balanced top line growth. You've heard me speak over the past several years of our focus on delivering balanced organic sales growth, growth in all of our categories, growth in all of our divisions and growth in both volume and pricing. That's what we did this quarter. We delivered organic sales growth in all 4 of our categories, all 6 of our divisions and volume and pricing growth on a total company basis. The balance allowed us to deliver on a base business, 6% net sales growth on top of 6.5% net sales growth in Q1 2023 despite a nearly 4% headwind from foreign exchange. 
 The focus on balance between pricing and volume growth allowed us to deliver solid volume growth this quarter, even with the continued volume softness in China and the expected headwind from lower private label growth as we transferred more Hill's volume into our Pet Nutrition manufacturing network. Oral Care, Personal Care and Home Care each grew volume in the quarter with volume growth of 3% for all 3 categories combined. 
 Our revamped strategy and increased advertising spending have allowed us to drive growth across a greater percentage of our portfolio and our focus on core innovation is keeping our biggest brands relevant and vibrant in consumers' minds. We still have work to do, but our balanced strategy continues to yield results, including continued growth in our Global Oral Care shares, which leads me to my second point, which is flexibility in the P&L. Our focus on revenue growth management and driving our Funding-the-Growth initiatives enable us to achieve a 60% gross margin in the quarter despite significant headwinds from transactional foreign exchange. 
 Our commitment to productivity in the middle of the P&L allowed us to drive 30 basis points of overhead leverage while still continuing to invest in strategic capabilities like digital, data and analytics, all topics we discussed at CAGNY, and prudent balance sheet management allow us to deliver 18% base business earnings growth despite the year-over-year increase in interest expense and the impact from devaluations around the globe. 
 And most importantly, despite an expected mid-single-digit negative impact from foreign exchange, we're guiding to mid- to high single-digit base business earnings per share growth. And we're doing this in the context of meaningful increases in brand investment that will set the stage for growth in the future. This is a testament to the ability of our team to consistently execute our strategy and seize growth opportunities while also preparing to better withstand the inevitable headwinds of running a global business. 
 So with that, I'll take your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question today comes from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank. 
Stephen Robert Powers: So really exceptional business performance this quarter, more or less on all fronts. But I wanted to drill down into your organic growth guidance raise for the year. It seems about half of that, that 2-point increase is being driven by inflationary pricing as an offset to FX and fair enough on that. But there also seems to be at least a point beyond that attributable to upside that you're seeing in real terms across the portfolio. 
 So I'm curious if you could expand on where that upside is coming from versus your prior expectations. And if you'd say more of that is being driven by category growth or it's more being driven by your own market share momentum? 
Noel Wallace: Great. Thanks, Steve. I'd come back to the points I made in my upfront comments around balanced organic sales growth. I mean we're getting really good quality coming through on the volume line. You saw the 1.3. That was with the headwind of private label that we're obviously exiting on the Hill's business. and strong pricing across the board, mid-single-digit pricing ex the impact of Argentina. And as you point out, we're seeing nice share growth consistently around the world that's driving obviously that top line organic growth and the top line sales growth. But we're most pleased with, I think, is the balance we're getting both on volume and price. We're able to still get pricing, not just inflationary pricing, but we still have pricing going through the categories, particularly in some of the markets where we've had more inflationary impact from raw materials. 
 Hill's would be a good example of that. We took some more pricing in the first quarter. The pricing has obviously led to good value accretion in the category and allowed us to drive some value shares. The other important point is we've seen really good momentum in our volume shares. The U.S. had good growth on volume share in toothpaste. We've seen consistent volume share growth, both in Europe and in Latin America across our portfolio. 
 So it's really broad-based across the strategy that we're trying to execute, balanced volume, balance price, good initiatives through the innovation that we're putting into the market. And then importantly, is the continued robust investment. We're seeing that really pay out in terms of driving not only category growth in the markets where we're spending, but most importantly, allowing us to grow share in the categories where we're spending money. 
 So overall, it's, I think, a reflection of the strategy and a reflection of the balance that we have across both price and volume. 
Operator: The next question comes from Melanie Schultz with Evercore ISI. 
Robert Ottenstein: Robert Ottenstein here. Noel, let's kind of maybe do a deep dive on Oral Care. Can you talk a little bit about the market share trends by region? And more -- a little bit more specifically, are you gaining share more from other international players that may have more similar type of products or local players that are maybe more idiosyncratic? And what are the key drivers to the share growth. Is it more the fact that you're increasing share of voice? Or are there particular product areas like whitening that are really engaging consumers now more than they did in the past. 
Noel Wallace: Yes. Thanks, Rob. It's a little bit of all of what you've just said. So overall, really pleased with the growth and the acceleration of market shares globally. You saw that -- in the prepared remarks. You saw that in some of the slides that we provided, particularly on the Whitening segment. And it's really a function of the strategy that we've been executing for the last couple of years and really starting to see the fruits of all that effort.  
 So the growth is coming, obviously, from a good growth in Europe, which we talked about, we're at record shares in Europe, that's a balance between Colgate and our therapeutic brands of elmex and meridol, so good spending behind those businesses. And we're seeing, obviously, that translate into good share growth, particularly in some of the big markets across Europe.  
 Likewise, we're seeing the benefits of that deployed across Africa, where we've launched some of those high-end therapeutic brands as well. North America, the scanner data has been improving as you've seen. But the shares will continue to be a bit choppy there as we move forward, given some of the strategic changes we've taken with some of the drug class that trade on the promotional environment. Latin America had growth in both value and volume. That was driven both from, I think, the mix and diversity of our portfolio across Latin America, both at the high end and at the entry price point, given the breadth of portfolio offerings that we have there, and obviously, the increased spending that we're putting behind some of the good innovation.  
 So it's really broad-based, good spending, good innovation, across the board and importantly, a credit to the teams and their execution on the ground. And so we see that obviously continuing as we continue to hold investment through the balance of the year, and that share growth is coming from both the multinational competitors as well as local competitors. So broad-based across the board. We're pleased with where we are. We have more work to do, particularly in North America, but overall, a good performance. 
Operator: The next question comes from Peter Grom with UBS. 
Peter Grom: I had a question on the gross margin performance. And just kind of how to think about the path from here. We've kind of seen the sequential margin progression over the last 6 quarters or so. But in the prepared remarks, you touched on certain costs will increase as you move through the year. So just any thoughts on how we should think about the gross margin progression from here would be helpful. And then just within that cost savings, any commentary you can share in terms of how we should be thinking about funding the growth is in the context of a very solid start to the year. 
Noel Wallace: Great. Let me talk about more conceptually strategically, and I'll let Stan handle some of the more specifics on your question. So overall, as we think about the year unfolding, as we've talked about, I think, quite consistently, we'll see pricing start to ladder down as we move through the balance of the year, although we will get inflationary pricing, we still have some pricing that we're taking in some markets. 
 And I would say we're deeply pleased with the revenue growth management efforts that we have around the world and the -- what that's delivering for us in terms of pricing in the market and driving category value.  
 You've seen, obviously, the impact on raw materials in the first quarter. We'll start to see that elevate a bit more in the back half. And obviously, the significant impact from transactional due to the foreign exchange headwinds that we face. That being said, we feel very good about the guidance that we provided, strategically about growing gross margins in 2024. We'll get that through, obviously, the funding the growth efforts that we have, good mix in terms of how we're deploying some of our therapeutic brands around the world. Taking pricing where we need to take to offset particularly inflationary foreign exchange and obviously, a very focused on the middle of the P&L, making sure we continue to get leverage there.  
 So overall, strategically, we feel good, but we'll see pricing ladder down. It won't have as much impact in the year to go as it just had in the first half, but overall, we feel good about where we are. Stan? 
Stanley Sutula: Yes. So I'd pick up that -- look, we're very pleased with the margin performance in Q1, up 310 basis points year-to-year and improved sequentially. We had a slight benefit from Argentina, but the overall underlying margin improvement was quite good. We've guided for margin expansion for the year, and we're confident we can deliver. There's a couple of headwinds in here and tailwinds. We talked about the modest raw material inflation, as you've heard from others as well. We expect that will slightly escalate as we go through the year.  
 And then we've all watched FX. FX, the transactional impact has been bouncing around, but that will be a headwind as we go into the year as well. On the tailwinds, Noel mentioned earlier, we've got great revenue growth management programs in place globally, and we're seeing the benefit from all of those. And we have a proven track record on our funding the growth. We had a very good start to funding the growth. We've got a very good pipeline for funding the growth and the teams, I think, have that dialed in here as we go forward.  
 And then importantly, we've talked about the return to volume growth. And in that, we get some scale benefits and leverage as that volume flows through our manufacturing facilities. So overall, we expect to expand margin. You'll see that on a year-on-year basis. I think as you think sequentially, that will be more modest, but we expand margin for the year, and the efforts around RGM and FTG will be able to compensate for the headwinds that we see in FX transactional and raw materials. 
Operator: The next question comes from Filippo Falorni with Citi. 
Filippo Falorni: So Noel, you mentioned in the prepared remarks for the Hill's pet food business that you're expecting sequential volume improvement throughout the year. Maybe can you give us some color on the puts and takes with the less impact from private label volumes in top line? And also, just any sense of the contribution from innovation expansion into wet pet food and any color on the trajectory of the business, would be helpful. 
Noel Wallace: So as we said in the prepared remarks, really pleased with the performance at Hill's in the quarter in what's a pretty tough operating environment. Volume was closer to flat ex the impact of private label and that was sequentially up, which is good. And we had very good pricing, as we discussed, coming out of the year in 2023 and our need to continue to offset some of the agricultural inflation that we saw in the back half of '23 moving into '24.  
 Category volume overall has been a bit sluggish in the category, but I think what's most important is to see that the sluggishness has been more of a decline in treats and a little bit of conversion from wet to dry, and that's obviously important for us to think about as we strategically move some of the bigger part of our businesses, which are in the dry segment going forward.  
 Really importantly, though, is the fact that we generated really strong share growth in the first quarter of the year behind the Hill's business. We're cross up in pet specialty, up in neighborhood pet, penetration continues to grow. We had both share growth in our Science Diet business as well as Prescription Diet. And I think this is a reflection of the continued strategy that we're deploying, great innovation, great partnership with pet specialty in terms of driving their categories and making sure that we have ample advertising to talk about the science-driven nutrition that we provide to the market.  
 So overall, we feel very good about where the Hill's business is, that business grew high single digits ex the impact of private label. So we feel we're well positioned, but we're not immune to some of the sluggishness in the category. But again, as we've talked about in the past, we have low brand awareness and low brand penetration. So a lot of upside to continue to go after as we execute our strategy. 
Stanley Sutula: The only thing I'd add there is that the investment in capacity has also enabled us to bring in some product that was being co-manufactured before, which improves reliability and delivery and also will improve our margins over time. 
Noel Wallace: And to your point on, Filippo, on wet, obviously, there's some opportunities for us as we're very low indexed in wet. And particularly in segments like cat, where there's a lot of wet food consumed, we have an opportunity to leverage the new manufacturing that we have and get more formulas into the market and obviously, more growth for the business. 
Operator: The next question comes from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan. 
Andrea Teixeira: Noel, we spoke to the underlying volume growth in all regions and your revenue growth management definitely sets you apart, but can you comment on how you see the consumer behavior, in particular in the low-end consumer in the U.S. and China, which seems to be a concern to some of your peers. 
 And you have historically protect your price points and keeping consumers in the category, but I would love to see the examples that you may highlight by your team in the U.S. and in China and how they've been using this portfolio management to barbell between affordability and premiumization. 
Noel Wallace: Yes. I think as we've talked about, thanks for the question, the consumer has been quite constructive. I mean, we've seen obviously the significant inflation move through the category over the last year. We expected that we would see a return to volume growth as inflation became more benign and as pricing started to stabilize in the categories, and that's principally what's happened. Interesting to note that as you take the aggregate of our categories, by and large, the categories are still negative. So the volume growth that we had and delivered in the quarter, which suggests obviously, that we're growing good volume share. And I think that's a reflection of the broad-based strategy that we're deploying.  
 One, we have good innovation at the top end of the category, particularly on the therapeutic side, whether that's in whitening, in the premium side, whether that's the Total Plaque that we've launched, whether that's therapeutic with meridol and elmex as well as a lot of big core innovation. We talked about the fact that a lot of our big core portfolio, particularly in toothpaste, is at that entry or mid-price level. And so we've spent a lot of time innovating at the core to ensure that we keep those brands vibrant and we offer consumers real value and real benefits as they come into the category or they're trading down from mid-price to perhaps entry.  
 You've seen some of the sluggishness in China, to your point, come from the rural segment. Clearly, that consumer is a bit more challenged in China right now. The premium segment continues to be quite robust. But our Darlie franchise is well positioned longer term, we think, to continue to leverage some of the rural softness that we're seeing in the category and make sure that we drive share. 
 The Colgate business had a terrific quarter in China. And that's, I think, a reflection of the move to the premium side of the business as we've really gone a lot more on to e-commerce with premium offerings, but overall, we're seeing, I think, a balanced consumer. The key is making sure that we're providing the reasons to use our products and the advertising that we're executing across the market is very, very important to, one, justify the price increases that came through the category last year, but really to drive trade-up in the categories to ensure consumers see the real value and science-driven benefits of our products in our portfolio. 
Operator: The next question comes from Bonnie Herzog with Goldman Sachs. 
Bonnie Herzog: I had a question on your ad spend, which is one of the highest as a percentage of sales among your peers. Noel, you touched on this, but hoping you could talk a little further about your strategy to continue to increase spend. And then ultimately, what you believe is the right level of marketing spend moving forward as well as maybe opportunities to improve ROI. 
Noel Wallace: Yes. Thanks, Bonnie. I'll start with the end of your question, which is we're seeing terrific ROI in the business. And I think that's translated into the results in the quarter. Obviously, good volume growth, helping to -- certainly above the category, share growth pretty consistently around the world in both value and volume. We're seeing our premium innovations take share, and we're obviously spending a disproportionate amount of our advertising to drive premiumization and category value.  
 You heard Diana talk at CAGNY about I think a lot of the discipline that we're putting into our media spend on using data and analytics to really justify the spend everywhere we are, drive more personalization and return on that investment. So again, we're very pleased with the increase in advertising and ultimately what it's delivering.  
 As I mentioned in my upfront, what's also terrific for the business right now is the broad-based spending we have on the portfolio. And what I mean by that is we've moved from exclusively Oral Care and Pet, which was getting a significant amount of spend over the last couple of years to making sure that some of our strong brands around the world are getting their fair share of the advertising, and we've seen a great return on that investment.  
 Europe would be a great example of that. We're spending behind our Personal Care business in Europe. Sanex is just an extraordinarily strong brand there, the spending behind some of our innovations driving good share growth and good execution in store. So overall, that's having a pretty systematic impact on the business, and we're pleased with the results that we're getting.  
 Moving forward, as I've said, consistently, I think, over the last 3 or 4 quarters, we will continue to invest in this business for the long term and building brand saliency and keeping our brands vibrant is the best way to driving that consistency. 
Operator: The next question comes from Olivia Tong with Raymond James. 
Olivia Tong Cheang: I wanted to ask you a little bit about your organic sales guide for the rest of the year. Obviously, contextually understand why you wouldn't flow the 10 points continuing. But why would organic sales decelerate as the comp fees? Presumably, you're getting more pricing? Clearly, we understand that this is a very dynamic environment, but would love to get a little bit more color in terms of your expectations for the rest of the year because it sounds like you're very bullish on innovation, on pricing capabilities, and volume acceleration, et cetera. I would appreciate a little bit more color there. 
Noel Wallace: Sure. Thanks, Olivia. So clearly, some of the comps get more difficult as we go through the year to go. We took obviously a lot of pricing. We'll see that pricing become more benign or slow in the back half of the year that will -- to be determined how much of that comes back into volume. The good news is the first quarter and some of the success that we saw in the fourth quarter, give us confidence that the volume is returning as we expected. The elasticities are in line with as we expected. 
 So we feel pretty good about where we are. Again, I think the biggest differentiator here in terms of how we think about is we're only in the first quarter. There's a lot of economic uncertainty out there in terms of what's happening. We still see foreign exchange being a headwind. That will certainly have an impact as we have to take pricing in some markets. Interest is going to stay stubbornly high. We expect through the balance of the year. 
 So overall, we're still early in the year, very confident in the guidance we've provided and the strategy that we're executing, but we want to make sure we maintain operational flexibility through the balance of the year to ensure we continue to execute the strategy that we've been communicating to drive consistent compounded earnings share growth. 
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Carey with Wells Fargo. 
Christopher Carey: One quick follow-up on gross margin and then a question on North America. So on gross margin, I think there was an expectation that Q1 would be down quarter-over-quarter relative to Q4, clearly, very strong delivery in the quarter. Stan, you mentioned a bit of benefit from Argentina. Or are you seeing better developments elsewhere, whether that's in commodities, perhaps some of the new pricing on Hill's or maybe you're over-delivering on productivity. So just maybe contextualize what seems to have come in a bit better there? 
 And just on North America, it was the best volume growth in nearly 2 years. I realize Fabuloso was a benefit there. But Noel, you also mentioned needing to work on market shares. Can you maybe just help us understand the underlying momentum of the business right now and how to think about this going forward? 
Noel Wallace: Sure. Thanks for the question. Let me take the North America and then I'll let Stan jump into some of your questions around gross profit. Overall, the strategy in North America that we're executing, we feel good about it. We've been very focused, as we've talked about before on improving the middle of the P&L, getting gross margins back to where they needed to get to, getting operating margins where they need to get back to and reinvesting that into the business in order to drive market shares. 
 The value shares, as I mentioned, we have been a little bit choppy and will continue to be a little bit choppy for the reasons I stated earlier. However, we are seeing better execution of our innovation and our promotional strategies, and that's helping to drive nice volume share in the quarter, both across toothpaste, which was up nicely and toothbrushes from a volume standpoint. 
 So again, we feel good about that, and we still have a lot of work to do across the business, as we've talked about on prior calls, and I've got great confidence in Jesper and his team and the strategy that we're deploying with real patience because we know it's going to take some time, but we feel in the long term, we're going to end up in a much better place from that. 
 The other thing I'd say is that non-Nielsen business in the North America business continues to grow at multiples of the Nielsen business. And obviously, that's not captured in the market share. So we feel good about overall health in the business, but we'll consistently continue to drive the opportunities that we see in the Nielsen-based accounts. 
Stanley Sutula: And Chris, your question on the sequential margin improvement, first of all, I'm pleased with that sequential margin improvement. Argentina was a little bit less of a headwind. And as you watch that FX, it's been very volatile. We've taken actions to address it, including sourcing changes, pricing changes et cetera. And then the team candidly executed really well. 
 I mean we get a little bit of scale benefit from volume we get some improvement from RGM and the funding the growth was great execution starting the year. So we love the start to the year, and we know FX is going to continue to be volatile, not just in Argentina but in many areas around the world. So a solid start to the year, slightly better than we anticipated on a sequential basis, but pleased with the progress. 
Operator: The next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays. 
Lauren Lieberman: I was wondering if you can talk a little bit about Europe. Numbers were super strong. A little bit of context around where you're seeing particular areas of strength and volume would be great. And then just any recent thoughts on private label Unilever brought up yesterday seeing a little more incremental pressure from private label in Europe. So I was just curious to hear your perspective on that as well. 
Noel Wallace: Yes. Thanks, Lauren. A great quarter for Europe. And again, a terrific execution from the team on the ground. Overall, really, really strong with growth across the vast majority of our business, and it wasn't just Oral Care, it was pretty broad-based. And obviously, as you saw, volumes inflected positively given that we're still getting pricing in the category. 
 So pricing will ramp down as we move through the balance of the year. The big change, I think, is our investment strategy in Europe. We see real opportunities for growth, particularly in the Oral Care and Personal Care segment, as we execute some of the innovations that we have there, the meridol and elmex shares broad-based across Europe are at record levels and growing really, really nicely. 
 Again, that is a shift in strategy and what's nice is we're getting the complementary growth on the Colgate side of the business, particularly as we're more focused on the whitening opportunity that we have. So a great portfolio of brands that we're leveraging, we think, more strategically around the region. So the market shares overall look pretty good. 
 In terms of private label, as you know, private label has higher penetration in Europe than it does anywhere else in the world. We have seen some acceleration in some of the home care categories, whether it's dish liquid or fabric softeners or floor cleaners, but that being said, we continue to have good growth across our business, particularly as we -- as I mentioned earlier, broadened the investment strategy across a wider array of our brands in Europe. 
Operator: The next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. 
Bryan Spillane: Stan, just had a couple of questions just related to cash flow. One, I don't know -- maybe I missed it, but if we have a guide for capital spending for the year? And then I think you refinanced or you funded a maturity in the middle of the quarter with commercial paper, just kind of curious there, did you just looking to pay it down? Or will you look to refinance that or term it out at some point? 
 And then maybe just more broadly, as you're thinking about cash flow given where exchange rates have moved, interest rates have moved, just any other thoughts on how we should be thinking about like free cash flow conversion this year and uses of free cash flow. 
Stanley Sutula: Yes. Bryan, thanks for the question. So first, we're pleased with the cash flow performance, a really solid start for the quarter. We're down a little bit year-over-year, but I remind you, last year was a terrific cash quarter, and this was really driven by receivables, which were impacted by the timing of Easter. In fact, we've looked at the first couple of days of the quarter and that collection period completely brought DSO back in line. So we're very comfortable with that. 
 So our cash profits really have been helped from the top line growth. And the net working capital execution, I was very pleased with what the team accomplished here in first quarter, particularly around inventory. So even with the Red Sea challenges and building up a little safety stock in certain areas, great execution on inventory. We saw the inventory days improve, DSO strictly timing. 
 In regards to your question on CapEx, we had said previously that we expect CapEx as a percent of sales to be lower than last year. And it's really driven by [ Tide ] and Oxy, kind of coming online and that investment dollar is dropping off. If we look at our leverage, the strong cash flow and execution has allowed us to bring our leverage using the S&P methodology down to 1.8x, so an improvement from year-end. 
 And to your point, we did pay back a bond here in first quarter of $500 million, and we did that with CP and 2 reasons. One, we had very good strong cash flow; and two, at some point, we expect interest rates will come down, though that appears to be sliding further out to the right, and that will help us keep our fixed floating back in balance. 
 So again, as we look at cash flow, strong performance and as we think about that, it kind of goes back into the capital allocation, and I think you've seen that manifest ourselves in our strategy, that capital allocation hasn't changed, invest in the business, and you're going to see CapEx go up and down, we're investing in advertising. Return to shareholders, we had a dividend increase, and you saw our share buyback in the quarter and then M&A, where we look at options to improve our overall portfolio. 
Noel Wallace: Yes, Bryan, the only thing I would add is, again, picking up on the theme of flexibility, it's not only flexibility throughout the P&L, but it's having a really strong balance sheet that gives us the flexibility to deploy capital as we see the best return on that investment. And I give Stan and the finance organization huge credit and the discipline that they're bringing around the world to ensure that the cash generation continues to be robust. 
Operator: The next question comes from Mark Astrachan with Stifel. 
Mark Astrachan: I wanted to go back to North America and the outperformance of these untracked channels. We can now start to see in some of the data, the distinction between the new and the legacy channels, and it's pretty stark in your business, in particular, Hill's specifically, but overall, there's just a lot more growth in those channels, I guess that they're smaller. 
 But curious on your take on what is driving that, that exceptional outperformance. And how sustainable is it in terms of these other places like Costco, Amazon, et cetera, that's contributing to that growth overall, and I'm specifically looking to at Hill's, which is really doing quite well in those new channels. 
Noel Wallace: Yes. Thanks. So again, we've been talking about that for quite some time, and that has been, I think, a reflection of the strategy that we've talked about for 3 years, which is core adjacencies and channels and getting back to real focus and understanding the consumer journey across all of the markets in which we compete has been fundamental to making sure that we have strategies to capture and deploy our investments in areas where we think we're going to get the best return for that. 
 And some of these emerging channels that are not captured by Nielsen are very, very important, whether that's hard discount stores in parts of the world. Whether that's the club store environment, where the value pack in large sizes continue to be a big growth driver, whether that's the ease and convenience of shopping online and some of the digital execution and understanding the digital shelf and the discipline that we brought to that, that ultimately is being seen through the success that we're having in those alternative channels. 
 We don't anticipate that, that will change. I think as some of the classical brick-and-mortar retailers really up their game, and we're certainly seeing that across the U.S. markets where the big players are certainly becoming far more sophisticated and progressive with their offerings and their shopper experience. We're partnering with them to ensure that we're -- our brands are involved in that journey that they're on, and making sure that we're bringing our digital capabilities to the entire omnichannel environment and making sure that Colgate and the brands that we offer at the forefront of that. 
 So it's, again, shopper journey the experience that the shoppers are getting, the value orientation on some of those channels and our ability to be much more targeted with some of our spend, and that's particularly related to the online retailers. 
Operator: Next question comes from Brett Cooper with Consumer Edge Research. 
Brett Cooper: A question for you on the competitive environment and outlook. It would appear to date that promotional activity and competition hasn't ramped to the extent that some of your peers and some of your large peers are looking to accelerate growth via reinvestments. So would love to hear first whether that assessment on the environment is accurate generally. And then your perspective on whether there's enough opportunity to elevate category growth via things like household penetration growth, premiumization and share gain to net higher levels of growth? Or is all of this reinvestment just the new cost of doing business? 
Noel Wallace: Yes. Thanks, Brett. What's interesting is you're seeing -- I think you're hearing that a lot of the competitive set has focused on building healthy category growth, and that's two ways: one, with increased media investment and the second is with increased innovation. We have not seen a fundamental shift around the world to more volume sold on promotion. It's still below where we were pre-COVID. Now as volume becomes the important aspect here, you may see some players move to that strategy of doing more promotions. But overall, the category has been very constructive in terms of big players spending money on media, driving value to the categories through innovation, and offerings that are differentiated in the marketplace. And so it's incumbent upon us to ensure that our innovations continue to drive real value to the category and the differentiation in a very competitive market and making sure that we're using the analytics and the data that we have to drive balanced promotional strategies in the categories. 
 We'll be competitive where we need to be. I mentioned we've made some difficult decisions in the U.S. business to not chase a lot of deep down in promotions, particularly in certain retail environments that will have a short-term impact on the Nielsen shares, but long term, we feel we're going to deploy that money in an effective way. And again, it's making sure that we continue to drive saliency of our brands and the health of our brands long term, and we do that through media and innovation, not necessarily through promotions. 
Operator: The next question comes from Alejandro Zamacona with HSBC. 
Alejandro Zamacona Urquiza: Just a kind of follow-up on Latin America. So given the strong organic sales growth in the last few quarters, what should we expect going forward? I mean, to what extent the consumer is willing to continue to accept meaningful price increases without giving up volumes. 
Noel Wallace: Yes. Again, let me contextualize Latin America. Obviously, a really strong organic sales growth quarter, with and without Argentina, there was good volume growth across every single hub led by Brazil, which was up double digits. If I take the last 4 quarters of Latin America in terms of volume, 0.5, 5.4, 8, and 6.2. So again, very consistent with what we talked about. 
 Our ability to get pricing early in the market has allowed us now to see the volume return to the categories and ultimately into our business. Our marketing is really strong and innovation is very strong on the ground, and so we feel very good about where we're seeing. And that's been translated into really positive share growth for the business. 
 So ex Argentina, very good organic growth. Organic up significantly in the region. I think you saw double-digit growth in Brazil, which has been terrific. Oral Care, particularly has been really strong in the quarter. That was up double digits, excluding Argentina. Shares in value and volume up. It's been quite some time since we saw both of those move in the right direction, and again, a reflection, I believe, of the strategy of increased investment and making sure that we have a breadth of offerings in that market. 
 That is a market that's accustomed to inflationary pricing across many of the markets in which we compete. Being key for us is making sure that we continue to advertise strongly in the markets, and we bring real innovation across the entire portfolio that keeps the categories vibrant, allows us to work with our retailers to drive category growth and hopefully capture share at the same time. 
 So overall, we think Latin America is well positioned for continued growth, and we like what we're seeing there. 
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Noel Wallace, Colgate's Chairman, President and CEO, for closing remarks. 
Noel Wallace: Great. Well, thanks, everyone, for joining the call today. Obviously, we're really pleased with the quarter and how we've gotten off to a strong start that we believe sets us up for continued sustainable growth moving forward and generating that long-term algorithm that we've been talking about for quite some time for our shareholders. 
 Let me particularly reach out to all of the Colgate employees around the world for their incredible dedication and resilience and their hard work in really executing a strategy around the world and for getting us off to a great start. So thanks, everyone. We'll see you and talk to you soon. 
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-01-26 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2023 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgatepalmolive.com. Now, for opening remarks, I'd like to turn this call over to Chief Investor Relations Officer and Executive Vice President, M&A, John Faucher.
John Faucher: Thanks, Betsy. Good morning, and welcome to our fourth quarter in full year 2023 earnings release conference call. This is John Faucher. Today's conference call will include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from these statements. Please refer to the Q4 and full year 2023 earnings press release and related prepared materials and our most recent filings with the SEC, including our 2022 annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings, all available on Colgate's website for a discussion of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these statements. This conference call will also include a discussion of non-GAAP financial measures, including those identified in tables 4, 6, 7, 8, and 9 of the earnings press release. A full reconciliation to the corresponding GAAP financial measures is included in the Q4 2023 earnings press release and is available on Colgate's website. Joining me on the call this morning are Noel Wallace, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer, and Stan Sutula, Chief Financial Officer. Noel will provide you with some thoughts on our Q4 and full year results and our 2024 outlook. We will then open it up for Q&A. Noel?
Noel Wallace: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us to discuss our strong finish to a very good year in 2023 and our positive outlook for 2024. Over the past two years, we've been particularly focused on sustaining our strong organic sales growth while rebuilding our margins and improving our cash flow performance. We delivered on all three of those goals this year while still investing behind advertising to strengthen our brands and building and scaling capabilities to deliver future growth. 2023 marked our fifth consecutive year of organic sales growth either in line or ahead of our 3% to 5% long-term target range. We delivered balanced organic sales growth, growth in all six divisions, all four of our categories, and with improved balance between pricing and volume as we exited the year. Volume rounded to flat in the fourth quarter and was up for the quarter, excluding the impact of lower private label volumes at Hills. Our market share momentum is improving behind strong innovation, higher levels of brand investment with a focus on improving the effectiveness of each dollar spent. We're also seeing the benefits of our digital transformation as our efforts with data analytics continue to proceed. Our commitment to revenue growth management and the strength of our funding the growth efforts combined with our global productivity initiative drove gross margin expansion, double-digit-based business operating profit growth, and high single-digit based business EPS growth. We delivered these results while increasing the investment in marketing and strategic capabilities and absorbing the headwinds from higher interest expense, pension and tax. We drove greater than 60% free cash flow growth, allowing us to invest behind our brands, increase capacity and buy back stock. We also increased our dividend for the 61st consecutive year. I am deeply proud of the results Colgate people have delivered in a challenging operating environment. 2024 will offer many of the same challenges as 2023, geopolitical unrest, foreign exchange headwinds and a challenged consumer, continued softness in China, and a large number of political elections around the world. We enter 2024 with strong momentum and the plans in place to deliver in this environment, as well as greater flexibility in both our income statement and our balance sheet. As we have mentioned over the past few quarters, we're focused on returning to consistent, compounded EPS growth, and our 2024 guidance reflects this ambition. We will continue to invest to drive high-quality, balanced organic sales growth and with both volume and pricing growing. We plan to deliver our productivity to fund this incremental investment while growing earnings per share. This should enable us to deliver strong cashflow growth to invest back in the business and return cash to shareholders. I look forward to discussing our 2024 plans in further detail at CAGNY next month, so you can share the confidence the Colgate-Palmolive team has in our continued growth. And with that, I'll take your questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question today comes from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Dara Mohsenian: Hey guys. So just wanted to focus on market share results in Q4 and as you look ahead, oral care share was obviously strong again and you delivered healthy expansion for the full year. Can you just talk about your forward positioning on the share front in oral care? You've got a tougher comparison here. So how do you think about the sustainability of those share gains as you look out to 2024? And then a similar question on pet. Obviously some industry pressure points, can you sort of juxtapose your market share relative to those industry pressure points and if the unlocked capacity is a significant driver of market share opportunity in the longer term in that business? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Great. Good morning, Dara. Thank you. So let me start a little bit broader on the categories, particularly oral care. We're really encouraged to see the inflection of positive volume growth in the categories around the world. And in many of the regions where we had seen negative volume growth, we started to see an inflection of that towards the end of the fourth quarter in the category. So that gives us great confidence that the category and the pricing that we put in place is continuing to turn. And importantly, we're going to see that growth continue in 2024. As you bring that back to our business, a really strong quarter for oral care, as you mentioned, both from a organic and sales standpoint, but likewise, as that transferred into better market share growth. If I take oral care in general, we were up double digits in the quarter. That translated into strong market share growth, particularly in regions like Latin America, Europe, Africa, Eurasia, and you saw some improved scanner data in the US as well. I think this is a reflection of the core business strategy that we have in place, the increased advertising that we're putting behind the business, as well as a strong innovation pipeline that continued in the back half of 2023 and will continue in 2024 as well. So market share is around the world strong and we would anticipate that, that will see continued growth as we move through the balance of 2024. And I would caveat with some of that, obviously the markets will be challenged given some of the upfront issues I mentioned, but pleasing to see the strong volume growth in some of our bigger regions. If you take Latin America, particularly three strong quarters of strong volume growth, very much driven by oral care, but quite frankly, that was a cross section of all of our categories, and you see that volume improving across all of our divisions. So again, I think we're well positioned on that. Let me talk a little bit about pet, because I think there's some important context to our strategy and why what we're doing is different for the market and what we're doing is working for the marketplace as well. We talked about Colgate being the most penetrated brand in the world. We also know that Hills is low penetration, so we will continue to execute a series of differentiated strategies on Hills in order to continue to accelerate our growth on that business. So, if I take the three aspects that we think about for Hills, reach, awareness, and conversion, reach obviously is a reflection of the strong advertising that we're putting in place to get the message out. With low single digit penetration on Hills, we want to ensure the awareness of our superior science is well understood, hence the strategy to drive more TV spending, more digital spending consistently through the quarters. We're spending a lot of time on the effectiveness of that reach to ensure that we're getting the awareness of it. We're using obviously a strong professional endorsement that we have behind vets and continue to accelerate our science and our clinical communication with that key opinion [really] (ph) is critical to the success of the brand. And importantly, as we think about conversion, a lot of non-users in the category, as I mentioned I think on the third quarter call, 5% of consumers are using a therapeutic nutrition, but theoretically 80% should be using a therapeutic nutrition. So a lot of opportunity to continue to drive share. The dynamics in the category, hence you're seeing a little bit of trade down from wet into dry. I mentioned that on the third quarter call, treats have suffered. Now we're not immune to the category softness, but if you take a step back and look at our principal retail environments, pet specialty, neighborhood pet, we're growing share nicely across all of those environments, which means we're helping our retail partners grow category dollars. Penetration was up roughly 10% in the US, our biggest and largest market, so we're very pleased with the progress we have there. Yes, the category is a little softer, but we have the right strategies and differentiated strategies in place to continue to accelerate growth.
Operator: The next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Bryan Spillane: Hi. Thanks, operator. Good morning everyone. Maybe this question both for Noel and Stan, just related to Argentina. I think there was maybe a write-down that ran through the other expense line. So if you could give us a little bit more color on that and how much of that may recur and maybe, Noel, just kind of stepping back, I think this week we've heard from a several other companies who maybe even rethinking how they approach Argentina given the devaluation. It's been a while right since we've had this kind of currency crisis in Latin America. So, I don't know, just your perspective, both short-term, how we should be thinking about it from a accounting perspective, Stan? And then, Noel, just how you're thinking about Argentina maybe longer term?
Noel Wallace: Okay, great. Bryan, good morning and thank you. Let me talk again a little bit of history in Argentina. And I apologize to go down with an extended answer, but I think it's important for the audience to understand how we operate in these hyperinflationary environments. We've been in Argentina close to 100 years. We have an extraordinarily capable management team that understands hyperinflationary counting, understands how to manage the income statement and the balance sheet, understands how to prevent further devaluations on the balance sheet as we move forward. And that's a reflection of just years and years of experience dealing with this level of volatility. We can go back to 2001, 2002, which I think was the last major devaluation in the country. 2014 had one as well. So we're very accustomed to ensuring we're doing everything to manage the potential volatility in a market like Argentina, and that experience has certainly played out. We have always, always continued to invest for the long term in Argentina. We have manufacturing on the ground. We have good relationships in terms of our ability to access dollars. But importantly, given some of the limitations that we've seen over the years on the ability to access dollars, we now have flexibility in the business to import product into the country as well. So we're very attuned to the volatility. I would say on the flip side, good news that price controls seem to have been settled a bit, and we're not going to see as much of those moving forward. So we continue to operate in an environment where we can bring value to the consumer and take pricing in order to offset some of the significant transaction. Now, we're not immune to the devaluation. We'll see that ultimately unfold as we go through the next couple quarters, more on the margin line than the profit line, but ultimately we will make sure we get pricing in the market and that will take some time to flow through into the P&L. But overall, experienced team which I want to thank for their incredible diligence in how they do --they deal with the economic environment there and feel pretty good that we've got real control of what's going on in Argentina notwithstanding there will be continued volatility. So with that, let me give Stan a chance to talk a little bit about how we're managing more closely the income statement.
Stan Sutula: Thanks, Noel. And, Bryan, let me start and pick up where Noel left off on the team. So as an example, we have a gentleman that I work with, Jose Fernando and he is my CFO for Latin America. But, he was also the CFO or the Finance Director in Argentina in 2002. So we have a depth of experience and I think that manifests itself with a very proactive approach to market conditions. So he and I talk on a very regular basis about changing market conditions, and then more importantly the proactive nature of what we do about that. So they've operated in a hyperinflationary environment for a very long time. They take the actions necessary where we look at the long term. So while we operate hyperinflationary environment, we account for it appropriately. You do see the impact of the devaluation and other income other expense. It was not the majority of that line item. So there are other items in there but we dealt with that, we delivered our overall numbers, we improved our productivity, we delivered margin expansion, profit expansion and cash flow. So I think the team's done a very nice job looking at it proactively and dealing with it decisively. So you mentioned on a go forward basis, obviously when you [de-val] (ph), your balance sheet gets smaller. We'll continue to take those actions going forward. We have a growing business there. So, going forward, I would not anticipate a major impact to our results from Argentina.
Operator: The next question comes from Andrea Teixeira with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Andrea Teixeira: Thank you [indiscernible] and good morning, everyone. I was wondering if you can talk, Noel, a little bit more about marketing investments. And you elaborated just recently that you mentioned increased [marked] (ph) advertising. And are you also seeing a normalizing promotional environment in the past? You had said that you dialed down and you're reinvesting in promotional capabilities in the US. Can you comment on how you stand right now and how the category promotional levels are? And separately, if you can talk a bit about the supply chain changes that you implemented with the new leadership and also how your position in light of the disruptions in the Middle East and the learnings from the pandemic? Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Great. Thanks and good morning, Andrea. So let me take the advertising and promotional piece, and I'll come back and add a little bit of context on some of the great work that Luciano has done as he's come into the new role. The strategy has been quite consistent for the last three to four years about our ability to build brands through great communication and great innovation. And you've seen that obviously flow through the P&L. And despite the fact that we have obviously grown and accelerated advertising meaningfully over the last couple of years. We've continued to deliver against our guidance and exceed our operating profit objectives, which is terrific. Well, that just gives you a sense for the health of the P&L today and our ability to continue to fund investment going forward, and that will clearly be our strategy. Now, likewise, it gives us flexibility to be very focused on the efficiency of that spend. And I can assure you there's not a discussion that goes by where we don't talk about reach and frequency, and the ROI associated with our spend, both at the digital level and the linear TV level. So we're very, very, very focused on the ability to drive more efficiency through the P&L as we accelerate our advertising. And as we said in the prepared comments, we anticipate to continue to accelerate the advertising into 2024. Promotional environment is very constructive right now. I would say it's about 75% to 80% of the pre-COVID levels. So it's come down. It's more moderated. We -- as I've mentioned, in second and third quarter calls, that we will be very selective on increasing the cadence of our promotions in some of the geographies where we may have taken a little bit too much pricing as we led in some of those markets. That will be prudent and thoughtful and focused in certain select markets. But overall, the promotional environment seems very constructive. And our objective is to drive category and healthy volume growth through obviously the accelerated advertising line. On the supply chain, Luciano has come in and really thinking about the continued transformation of that, bringing a lot of good ideas on automation and data analytics and driving network optimization. A lot of our focus over the last couple of years, particularly at Hill's, was increasing capacity, and you saw that through our capital expenditure line. That will moderate as we move forward with more spending being allocated towards efficiency and savings and optimizing the network and very much digitizing the supply chain and getting very aggressive on using data analytics to optimize our efficiency and our case field level. So overall, pleased with where he's taking the group and that team has done just an extraordinary job getting us ready for further optimization moving forward.
Stan Sutula: And, Andrea, I'll just pick up on your last comment around the issues out in the Red Sea and the shipping. So we've been also proactive on that, looking at alternate methods where available, planning for the lead time disruption. And the rest of the supply chain has remained stable, so we don't see issues there. But we have anticipated longer lead times than planned appropriately for 2024.
Operator: The next question comes from Filippo Falorni with Citi. Please go ahead.
Filippo Falorni: Hey, good morning, everyone. So, Noel, going back to Hill's, clearly, high single-digit top line growth, excluding the private label, discontinuation, very strong results in the quarter. As you think about '24, like, can you give us a sense of how you see the volume for that business evolving and also the pricing environment in pet food. And then at the margin line, you saw a pretty significant cost headwinds in 2023. Are you seeing any moderation on the cultural and protein side for the Hill's business? Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Yeah. Good morning, Filippo. Thank you. We see more balanced volume and price as we move into 2024. Obviously, we've had roughly six quarters of aggressive pricing, seven quarters where we've had to take pricing to offset a lot of the inflation that we've seen in agricultural products. To get to your second part of your question, we do see ag prices beginning to moderate, which is good, which over time, as we see the pricing settle out in the markets, we anticipate that volume will come back. But remember, this is the one category we compete in where we've seen prolonged inflation as we move through the back half of 2023. But we anticipate that will definitely moderate as we move into 2024, and pricing likewise will moderate, and we'll see a return to really continuing to drive that successful household penetration number that I shared with you earlier, which is obviously our ability to continue to support strong advertising. So overall, we'll see that more balanced growth as we move through 2024. And on the margin line, as I mentioned again, a more moderating cost. We're still lapping some of the strong inflationary environments that we had in the first half of last year. So that pricing that we've taken in the back half of this year and early in the quarter will stay, but we'll see the volumes start to come back as we move through the back half of the year more meaningfully.
Operator: The next question comes from Callum Elliott with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Callum Elliott: Hi, good morning. Thanks for the question. Really good to see the big uptick in brand spending this year and the success its having on competitive performance and growth. My question is, can you talk about some of the other investment buckets outside of advertising and brand spend? I'm thinking R&D, CapEx, some of the more infrastructure capability investments that sit in the P&L. Where are you guys today now versus where you think you need to be? And what's the relative importance of these non-brand spend buckets in your view? Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Yeah, Callum, thank you and good morning. A good question because we've talked a lot about positioning ourselves to win in the short term, but more importantly, succeed consistently in the long term. And that has been a lot around obviously the advertising investment. But as you well point out, investing in other areas, specifically capabilities, our digital transformation would be at the forefront of that, training and developing talent, bringing in talent, ensuring that we're optimizing our agency and the talent that they have on that side. So that's an important part of ultimately building the capabilities to continue to drive the effectiveness of our spend and ultimately setting ourselves up for better data architecture and the infrastructure required to do that and do it consistently over the long term. So a lot of investment going in that space as well. On the capital side, we've had, obviously, a lot of spending on the capital side in terms of increased capacity. As I mentioned earlier, we're going to see that start to shift to a lot more optimization and savings projects moving through our manufacturing facilities. As I mentioned earlier, setting up infrastructure for our data architecture and our data transformation. So overall, these are all investments for the long term that we think will continue to play out and allow us to drive that consistent earnings growth that we talked about earlier. Stan, anything to add to that?
Stan Sutula: Callum, the only thing I'd say is when you look at the face of the income statement or balance sheet, the absolute numbers, it doesn't reflect the one of our key jobs here is to allocate resources and we reallocate to those high-growth areas or the areas with the most potential. While that may not show on the absolute line, underneath the covers, that reallocation of resources, whether it's dollars or human capacity is what supports us in analytics and digital and data and S/4 HANA and to enhance all those capabilities. So lots of work under the covers to drive resource to those key areas.
Noel Wallace: And I'd mentioned very indirectly tied to your question, is the strong cash flow, right? The cash flow is giving us the ability to have a lot more flexibility in how we invest across the business, and that is pleasingly up significantly as you saw in the quarter and the year.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Steve Powers: Hey, thanks and good morning. I wanted to ask about gross margin. It was obviously very strong in the quarter and you expect progress in '24. Maybe just some perspective on the work you've done to get here, the drivers this quarter. But then also, as we look at '24, I'm assuming from a year-over-year perspective, that expansion is heavily weighted to the first part of the year. But sequentially, how should we think about gross margin? Is the fourth quarter a high watermark? Or is there a sequential progress that can be made? Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Yeah. Let me top line, and I'll let Stan answer a couple of questions. Obviously, I think that pricing, I think cost, I think foreign exchange is obviously the big drivers in the cost line for us. So we've done a terrific job in delivering strong funding to growth. I think a lot of opportunities as we had the supply chain settling down, our ability to start ramping up a lot of the projects that were in many respects on the back burner during COVID. That has allowed us to drive strong funding to growth. We anticipate that that will continue as we move forward into 2024. The pricing has been a big part of the gross margin expansion that we've been very aggressive with over the last six quarters. Yes, pricing will be more balanced as we move forward. So you would anticipate that will be a lesser impact as we move through the gross profit and raw materials will continue to, I think, be inflationary, but far more benign than we've seen in the past and there's clearly a moderation there. So ultimately, hopefully, an opportunity for us. With that, let me turn it over to Stan to give you a little bit more construct to that.
Stan Sutula: So first, we're very pleased with the progress on gross profit through 2023. We had sequential improvement across the categories driven by a broad base of innovation, productivity, that helped offset that commodity situation that we all had to deal with. Now as you think about going forward, coming off of Q4, there are a number of items that always impact the timing, Q4 to Q1. And this year, there's a couple of new ones with a little bit of Argentina, timing of some events worldwide, like Chinese New Year, the timing of when that occurs and where some of this price rolls through, roll through from 2023 and incremental new price. So as we go through the year, we expect that, that will expand, but not at the same kind of levels, obviously, as 2023. So working through that, the teams are focused on productivity. The balance of the top line will change from pricing being the predominant driver to pricing and volume and that productivity will help us drive the margin improvement as we go through the year.
Noel Wallace: Yeah. I would just simply underscore that there will be a sequential impact at the margin line on Argentina as we will take pricing in the quarter, but that will take a while to flow through to recover the transaction impact of the de-val.
Operator: The next question comes from Peter Grom with UBS. Please go ahead.
Peter Grom: Thanks, operator and good morning, everyone. So I wanted to ask specifically about Latin America volume performance, up 8% this quarter, three straight quarters of growth. And I recognize that the comps are somewhat easy, but the growth is still really impressive. Can you maybe just unpack how much of that is a function of category growth versus share performance? And really, how does that inform your view on volume growth looking out to '24 in Latin America specifically? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Thanks. We talked about it, I think, on the second and third call -- on third quarter call that the strength of our Latin America business and ultimately, our ability to lead in pricing and then the consistent history we have of seeing volume return to the categories. And so if I talk at the category level first, what's great is we've seen all three of the categories in which we compete, inflect positively from a category standpoint. And you've obviously seen us growing quite considerably on the volume side, the last three quarters, which is generating good volume share growth for our business. So we're very pleased with the overall performance there. And based on where we see the categories inflecting right now, we're pretty confident that we're going to continue to see balanced growth as we move forward. We'll have to take some currency pricing for sure through the year. But as we've indicated before, we would expect the volume to come back in these markets, and that's exactly what we're seeing. If you drill down to some of our biggest markets, particularly Brazil and Mexico, really strong quarter for both those markets with double-digit volume growth for Brazil and for -- and strong double-digit growth for Mexico as well. So again, a clear indication that the strategy of putting in strong innovation across all price points, getting the advertising, which we accelerated in the fourth quarter, likewise in Latin America, is helping to recover the categories and drive good volume market share in that business.
Operator: The next question comes from Nik Modi with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Nik Modi: Yeah. Thank you, good morning, everyone. Just wanted to follow up maybe on the raw material packaging inflation. Just some more perspective. You cited specialty products, I just wanted to get some context around that and what exactly some of those elements are.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Let me throw that one to Stan and he can give you a little bit more context there.
Stan Sutula: Sure. Unlike the prior two years, we don't expect a material impact here. So we see modest inflation in 2024 and there are some areas like every year that go up and down. But there are some new ones this year, things like fish oil has increased significantly. But overall, we expect modest inflation. And so while commodities overall are off of their highs, they're still elevated versus pre-COVID levels. And we expect that as we go through this, there might be a little bit of benefit moving in our favor, but not dramatically. And the only thing I'd say after that is raw materials are one component. So we deal with conversion costs, we deal with transport and logistics costs, and we drive productivity across all these areas through our Funding the Growth program, and that's why we're confident on margin expansion for 2024.
Nik Modi: Great. And Stan, if I could just follow up on Filippo's question. I think he was asking on proteins as it relates to Hills. So you cited ag costs, but maybe just comment on protein? What you are seeing
Stan Sutula: Yeah. Pleasingly, at least at the current point in time, we're not seeing an impact to Hill's in total on an increased basis year-on-year. So we look in total around Hills as ag has kind of stabilized here a bit as well as proteins, we don't see a big headwind heading into 2024 based on total for commodities for Hill's. And that's important, because as we drive productivity with modest levels of flow-through on price and the innovation, that will allow us to continue to expand margin on the Hill's portfolio.
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Carey with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Chris Carey: Hey, good morning. So I wanted to ask about productivity and maybe go down to the regional level. I think this was the best productivity in our model anyways, going back roughly 20 years. And so is there anything abnormal about this quarter, any pull forward of productivity? Or are we talking about maybe just productivity muscle continues to build here? And that this is something that we can think about being at a slightly higher run rate go forward? And then just connected to that, this was the best North America margin we've seen in some time. Was there any outsized productivity benefit in the quarter? Or are you just starting to see some easing costs and better efficiency relative to the stabilization we're seeing in the business? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Yeah. Thanks, Chris, and good morning. Yeah, a little bit of all of that, quite frankly. Obviously, with the incredible inflation that we've seen over the last 1.5 years across the bulk of our commodity basket, we've had to obviously accelerate the funding the growth and the higher cost obviously have allowed us to generate higher funding the growth. As I mentioned earlier, a lot more efficiency in the plants and our ability to utilize our manufacturing facilities to drive more of the funding the growth projects has likewise allowed us to step up a little bit of that funding the growth in 2023 that we historically had not had the time to do. So a bit of it will be symptomatic of the year and the opportunity. But I think the discipline that we've ingrained and the culture that we have ingrained at Colgate around funding the growth in parallel, likewise with the global productivity initiative that we put in place, has allowed us to generate obviously strong contraction in our costs overall. I wouldn't say use it as a benchmark for going forward. There will be a lot of moving parts to that, but we feel like structurally, we're in a better place on funding the growth. Structurally, we've managed to execute the GPI in line and slightly towards the high end of the guidance range that we provided earlier on that initiative. So we feel like we're in a good place. Pricing will moderate, so it's important that we continue to generate the strong funding the growth and through the P&L in order to generate the margin growth that Stan talked about.
Operator: The next question comes from Olivia Tong with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Olivia Tong: Great. Thank you, good morning. First, I wanted to ask you a little bit about the top line, obviously, coming off a very impressive 7% top line growth in Q4. The guide for the fiscal year at sort of 3% to 5%. Can you just provide some perspective thinking about first half versus second half, perhaps the cadence of volume growth as the pricing contribution sort of begins to lap? And then similarly on EPS, obviously, a very strong '23 and Q4, talking about the mid- to high single digits. That, of course -- that range implies potential for growth deceleration in 2024. So just talk about what has to happen to get to the high and what you incorporate in terms of the low end and perhaps an incremental conservatism built into the guide? Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Thanks, Olivia, and good morning. So as I said in my front comments, we believe we are well positioned to deliver consistent compounded earnings growth moving forward. And that's certainly reflected in our guidance in the range that we provided. We have a good strong momentum coming out of '23 and heading into '24. And I think most importantly, the flexibility in the P&L and the balance sheet has allowed us to set ourselves up for continued success. As we look at the cadence of that, we will see the balance overall change as we lap the higher pricing that we've had through the bulk of 2023, that will rebalance itself down to be sure and we'll see the volume come back in the categories. As I talked about earlier and ultimately, our focus on driving household penetration with the increased advertising and the market share position that we have. So we think we're in a good position. Comps will get tougher as you say, but we feel that we'll see the volume growth come back and will offer balanced growth throughout the balance of the year. Now recognize that we still have some inflationary markets, Argentina, we talked about, obviously, Nigeria and Turkey that will drive some pricing. We've got some flow through. Most of the pricing we'll see in 2024 will be pricing flow through. We are going to take a little bit of new pricing in certain select markets. But overall, we're going to see a much better balance, as I mentioned upfront. How that ultimately unfolds we shall see but we're definitely planning for more balanced growth as we move through the back half of this year.
Operator: The next question comes from Kaumil Gajrawala with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Kaumil Gajrawala: Hey, everybody. Good morning. Could you maybe just give us a kind of state of play in China, starting maybe with the market and then getting into new business specifically?
Noel Wallace: Sure. Thank you, Kaumil, and good morning. In China, you've heard it, I think, consistently throughout the earnings season so far that there's a real slowdown in China, and we're not immune to that slowdown. I will say with respect to some of the numbers out there, we feel we've performed very, very well across Greater China. Our business roughly down low to mid-single digits and that was very much commensurate with the category declines that we saw in those markets. Clearly, on the skin health side, we've seen a more acute decline in the categories and therefore, a bigger decline in our business as well. Long term, the market fundamentals remain intact. And I think it will take some time as we move through 2024 for those markets to come back. Obviously, a lot of stimulus money, as you've read, going back into the market, but we shall see the impact that has on consumers and consumption. But we think we're well positioned. The business continues to build share on the Colgate side. We talked about the Holly & Hazel. We think we're now shipping more closely to consumption as we move through the price increase and some of the inventory allocations that we've seen across the trade and we've got a strong innovation pipeline for next year, but we will be thoughtful and prudent on our investment structure in China until we see the categories come back to levels that invite us to invest more. But we feel long term, a good market and the dynamics are there, but we want to be thoughtful in the short term.
Operator: The next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Lauren Lieberman: Great. Thanks, good morning. On North America, it was great to see volumes inflect a positive this quarter, and you called out growth not just in oral care, but also in bar soap, liquid hand soap and cleaners. So I know there's a lot of things that kind of contribute to that better performance. You mentioned more balanced promotions. But I was wondering if could you spend a little bit of time talking about innovation across the business and any plans for '24? And maybe also if you could talk a little bit about any plans you may have around hand dish and plans to kind of stabilize and regain share in that business? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Yeah. Hi, Lauren. Good morning. Thanks. I can't really talk specifically to the innovation that we have in 2024. But I can say, obviously, that we've got a strong pipeline and a much more balanced pipeline across all of our businesses. The acceleration in advertising is thoughtful and strategic as well that we will support more of our businesses in North America. I think that's a reflection of the really strong operating profit growth that we've reinjected back into the business. So we feel like we're in a much better place to support some of the categories that had been declining in advertising over the years. So we feel we're in a good place to reflect continued growth on the volume side. Obviously, the pricing will moderate quite considerably in the US as we move through 2024. And we've got a strong innovation pipeline across the categories in order to ensure that we continue to drive market share. The other aspect of it is, as I've talked about, a more balanced cadence of promotions, and we will make sure we execute those very, very thoughtfully. We have no intentions on going back to the historical numbers there, but we feel we've got some opportunities in select accounts in select parts of the country in order to accelerate where we've seen competition be quite aggressive. So good position. Really happy with the health of the P&L. Really happy with the advertising that we put back in the P&L, which will bode well for the long-term health of that business.
Operator: The next question comes from Mark Astrachan with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Mark Astrachan: Yeah, thanks and good morning, everybody. Two questions for me. One, on North America. So global market share better, in North America markets for toothpaste a little bit weaker, advertising spend obviously increased in 4Q and for the year. How much is the right level? And is there a correlation in the US between advertising and volume performance? Is there more to it than that R&D, whatever, curious there? And then on the Hill's business, given the weakness in pet specialty channel, has it made you think at all about whether your distribution mix in terms of where the product is sold, is right at this point? Or do you potentially think about expanding that to other retailer areas? Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Yeah. Good morning, Mark. Thanks. So North America first. Clearly, we're trying to get much more balanced investment across North America. We needed to get the P&L, particularly the middle P&L in the right shape, and that was a strategic choice that we made. A strategic choice enabled by, I think, the broadness of health of our business around the world that has allowed us to obviously accelerate the investment in North America as we took more pricing in the market. So we have a strong innovation pipeline. We anticipate that we'll continue to increase our investment levels. This is not for the short term, this is for the long-term health of that business, which we believe to be a very, very vital market for our success in the future. And we've seen the benefits coming through across our overall consumption. See some -- a little softness in the Nielsen tracked channels, I'll say that our non-tracked channels are growing at 3 to 4 multiple of the tracked channels. So we feel the overall investment in its entirety is proving to grow the consumption and the sales that we need in that marketplace. So long story short, we think we're in a good position for that. On your Hill's comment, our focus is in the channels where we compete. And we believe we're a differentiated unique product that drives the premium nutrition side. Science clearly is the segment that continues to grow, particularly amongst pet specialty. We have no plans to expand distribution in the food drug mass. We believe that would deteriorate the brand and we have very unique distribution policies that require us to be in the channels that we're in. And we continue, as I've mentioned earlier, to feel we have significant upside in those channels and the brand penetration that I mentioned earlier continues to grow. So in a good place, no intentions on expanding distribution. That being said, as you know, the bulk of our business is done in the US. We will be very selective about market expansion on the Hill's business, making sure we get the business model right, making sure the vet becomes a core part of that expansion strategy because that would drive long-term sustainable profitability for the business. And so we'll continue to look for opportunities as we increase the health of that business and the expansion needed in markets around the world.
Operator: The next question comes from Robert Ottenstein with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Robert Ottenstein: Great. Thank you very much. Noel, I was wondering if you can talk about India for a little bit. A lot of the companies that we talk to are very excited about the market and see it increasingly vibrant. So perhaps maybe review your position there, market share trends, if you're seeing more opportunities and what your plans are? And then just a kind of a housecleaning item for Stan. It looked like there was a $0.07 impact on the other income item under -- on other income, but there were some offsets there and some asset sales and a value-added tax refund. If you could kind of just let us better understand exactly what's going on there. Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Yeah. Thanks, Rob, and good morning. So India, you saw the results this week, very strong results across the board, 9% organic, continued strong pricing and sequentially better volume in that market. I would likewise say we remain very excited and bullish on the market in India. We'll see the continued return to the rural segment, the vitality of the rural segment, which will bode well for volume as we move -- as we look forward. The other aspect, which I won't get into a lot of specific details, we have some really strong innovation plan for India, particularly around our core businesses. And we're excited to see that obviously be delivered in the market and executed. The team is doing an exceptional job finding added distribution points to make sure that we continue to capitalize on investment strategy. So bullish on India, good results and sequentially right where we'd like to see their business today and setting us up for ultimately another strong year in 2024.
Stan Sutula: Hey, Rob, let me pick up on your second questionnaire and other income, other expense. As we talked earlier, that is made up of a number of items, both from this year and last year. And Argentina devaluation is certainly an impact, but not the majority of it. We also have some start-up costs in there, some onetime items from this year and last year. What I would say is that's not a new run rate. That's not going to continue into next [year at] (ph) that level. And you should think about these as kind of onetime events in nature. So these change as you go through the year.
Operator: The next question comes from Edward Lewis with Redburn Atlantic. Please go ahead.
Edward Lewis: Yes, thanks very much. Just wanted to talk on Europe. Another quarter of strong pricing this quarter. And looking back, I think it's 9.5% for 2023 or 4.5% in 2022. So just be really interested to hear how you're thinking about pricing over here because consistently, I guess, in the past, pricing hasn't been a big part of the story in Europe. Is this kind of a new kind of attitude we should expect to continue doing sort of more pricing in general coming out of Europe?
Noel Wallace: Yes. Thanks, Ed. Good question. We think we've learned a tremendous amount on pricing in Europe and really work closely with our retail partners to find ways to drive value and ultimately their categories. Clearly, a significant inflation over the last six or seven quarters, which certainly helped to take more pricing in the marketplace. But I think our teams have exited 23 with more confidence. Now there's no question as inflation declines in 2024, we'll get a much more balanced view of pricing and volume moving back into the P&L. But I think some good stories that have allowed us to really accelerate our innovation and drive real value in the categories by relaunching our brands. You heard Jean-Luc talked about that at Deutsche Bank Conference, and I think that continues to be a consistent theme. So a lot of learning there, not saying it's going to be a challenge as we move forward to get more pricing in Europe, but we believe we've got the tools and the vehicle is to continue to find ways to accelerate category growth and therefore, our margin growth in the business.
Operator: This concludes the Q&A portion of our call. I would now like to return the call to Noel Wallace, Colgate's Chairman, President and CEO, for any closing remarks.
Noel Wallace: Well, thanks, everyone, for joining the call this morning. We hope you agree that the strategies and plans we have in place to deliver consistent compounded profitable growth to drive value for all of our stakeholders is there. And let me particularly thank all the Colgate employees around the world for their incredible hard work and dedication to deliver these strong results in 2023 and thank them in advance for the results they're going to continue to deliver in 2024. Thanks, everyone. We'll see you down in Florida.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-27 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgatepalmolive.com. Now, for opening remarks, I'd like to turn this call over to Chief Investor Relations Officer and Executive Vice President, M&A, John Faucher.
John Faucher: Thanks, Allison. Good morning, and welcome to our third quarter 2023 earnings release conference call. This is John Faucher. Today's conference call will include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from these statements. Please refer to the Q3 2023 earnings press release and related prepared materials, and our most recent filings with the SEC, including our 2022 annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings, all available on Colgate's website, for a discussion of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these statements. This conference call will also include a discussion of non-GAAP financial measures, including those identified in tables 4, 6, 7, 8 and 9 of the earnings press release. A full reconciliation to the corresponding GAAP financial measures is included in the Q3 2023 earnings press release and is available on Colgate's website. Joining me on the call this morning are Noel Wallace, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Stan Sutula, Chief Financial Officer. Noel will provide you with some thoughts on our Q3 results and our 2023 outlook, and we will then open it up for Q&A. Noel?
Noel Wallace: Good morning, everyone. I want to give you my thoughts this morning on a very strong quarter of top and bottom-line growth, along with our raised 2023 outlook. As you can see in the materials we published this morning, our strategy is working, and the continued execution of the strategy leaves us well positioned as we look out to the future. We believe this will enable us to deliver balanced organic sales growth going forward, growing in all six divisions, all four of our categories, and with both volume and pricing growth. Organic volume performance improved in the quarter, which we believe puts us on our way towards a return to volume growth. And with the leverage from this balanced growth, along with the global productivity initiative, focused cost containment, and our funding the growth initiatives, we now have multiple points of leverage in our P&L. This should enable us to deliver consistent operating profit and earnings growth going forward. You can see this in our Q3 results as our gross margin was up both sequentially and year-on-year, driven by sales growth, and overheads were down, driven by logistics. This leverage allowed us to deliver another quarter of double-digit operating profit growth, along with a 23% increase in advertising. Some of our markets remain choppy and the headwinds like foreign exchange and higher interest rates will continue to impact us, but we are leveraging the strength and the global reach of our brands while driving scale advantages through our science-based innovation, digital marketing, revenue growth management, and best-in-class on-the-ground execution. Our momentum leaves us very well positioned to deliver strong results with compounding top and bottom-line growth as we look to generate consistent long-term value creation for all of our stakeholders.  And with that, I'll turn it over to the questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The first question will come from Peter Grom of UBS. Please go ahead.
Peter Grom: Thanks, operator, and good morning, everyone. I hope you're doing well. So, Noel, I wanted to ask specifically on just kind of the return to balance topline growth and kind of how you see that evolving over the next couple of quarters. I mean, excluding H&H, you probably already would've been there this quarter, as you highlighted in the prepared remarks. So, is this something that you kind of expect to achieve call it in the near term as you kind of exit 2023? Or is it going to be a dynamic that you would expect to kind of play out over the next several quarters? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Yes, good morning, Peter. Thanks. Listen, we're obviously very pleased with the sequential improvement really throughout the entire P&L. Volume improved, and as you rightly pointed out, if you take the Hawley & Hazel business out, which as you know, we're working through a price increase in that market, our volume inflected positive in the quarter. And we've seen that pretty consistent around particularly some of our emerging markets where we saw very positive volume. So, were pleased with the sequential improvements. The category dynamics are consistent with what we talked about, but they're not necessarily linear. I mean, we're seeing some puts and takes as we look around the regions and the different categories that we compete in. Obviously, taking more pricing across the pet food business as agg prices continue to stay high, but overall, the sequential improvement is playing out more or less as we anticipated. And as we move forward, our intention is to continue to drive balanced organic growth in the short and the long term.
Operator: The next question is from Andrea Teixeira of J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Andrea Teixeira: Thank you. Good morning. Noel, you mentioned the full-year guidance, of course, was raised seven to eight, but it still implies a deceleration, of course, in the fourth quarter. And you called out in your prepared remarks, some of the puts and takes, in particular anniversarying the acquisitioning path, and then that would lead to a reduction in third-party manufacturing for private label. Can you break that down because it also implies, I'm assuming the base business a deceleration, and I understand that you're lapping a lot of the pricing, but just as we think about volumes and in particularly North America, there has been a sequential improvement and you called out as well that you are expecting promo and more activations in trade. So, anything you can share with us in terms of the progress you've made to regain volumes in North America as it relates to the full guidance for the fourth quarter. Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Good morning, Andrea. Let me take the North America piece of that question first, and then I'll highlight more strategically across the enterprise. So, North America is on pace with exactly what we talked about in the Q2 call, continued sequential improvement across the board, and we anticipate that they will see sequential improvement in their business as we move through the fourth quarter. A lot of that was getting the promotional cadence right, and we started to implement some of that promotional opportunity in the backend of the third quarter. Most of that will come through in the fourth quarter, and we're pleased with it. Obviously, the important part about North America is the oral care business, that inflected positive with high single-digit growth in oral care and positive volume growth on that business in the quarter as well, and we anticipate that will continue as we move through the balance of the year.  So, North America overall trending as we expected. We're still not pleased with some of the scanner shares, but as we said, we'll get the promotional opportunity right as we move through the balance of the year. And importantly, our non-promoted volume, which reflects, I think, the strong advertising that we're putting into the North America business, continues to inflect positive. Strategically, around the world, were seeing volume improve across the world. Now, that is based on a lot of the geographies we've seen the pricing start to subside a bit as we're not taking more pricing in some of the markets. Really pleased seeing in markets where we took pricing early, like Latin America, where we've seen a very positive inflection in volume. Volume was up 5%. And if you look at Mexico and Brazil, specifically, Mexico was up mid-single digits. Brazil was up high single digits in volume. So, again, I think a reflection of the strong advertising innovation and the fact that over time, as pricing settles out in the market, you see the volumes come back and that's pretty consistent. Europe, likewise, a little improvement in volume. So, we're seeing exactly as we expected to see volumes start to sequentially improve, but it's not necessarily linear. And I want to leave that point that we'll watch that carefully as we move forward and we'll continue to implement our strategies of strong innovation across the core adjacencies and channels, and we'll see that play out as we move forward.
Operator: Our next question will come from Dara Mohsenian of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
DaraMohsenian: Good morning. Can you guys discuss market share performance in your key geographies and product categories in Q3, how you're performing on the share front? And given you've taken robust pricing, what are you seeing competitively in terms of the pricing and promotional environment and how might that play into your shares performance? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Sure, thanks. Good morning, Dara. Sure. Overall, shares look good. We're up on a global basis. Let me just take toothpaste, which we track globally. Shares are up about 100 basis points. That's driven by strong performance in Europe, where we've seen record high shares, particularly behind the strategy of pushing our higher-end therapeutic brands on the premium side with Elmex and Meridol, as well as strong innovation on the Colgate side behind whitening. So, Europe delivering very strong. Africa, Middle East, we're up in 10 of 11 markets and market shares there. So, continue to show nice performance. Pleasingly, Latin America, where we, as you know, we have very high shares, shares are stable. We've seen shares growing in Brazil, slightly down in Mexico, but tracking up in recent periods. So, we're pleased with that. US in the recent weeks, we started to see some of the promotional volumes come back as we very thoughtfully put promotions in the market. We're not just going to buy share back for the sake of buying it back. We're going to get a much healthier category as we move forward, and that's been very deliberate in how we thought about that business there. Africa, excuse me, Asia shares continue to be strong for us in China, so we're pleased with that. And likewise, as you go around the region, share is pretty good in India. We've done some really good work on our core business in the last couple of months, and we anticipate that's going to inflect positive for our core business. Overall, pleased with pleased with market shares. On the Hills business, likewise, very strong volume and value share growth in pet specialty and neighborhood pets, which is where we track. We're one of the fastest growing brands in both those retail environments. So, were pleased with obviously the strategy of bringing innovation and the increased advertising support we're bringing into the business. A little softness on our home care business in the US and that, again, attributes right back to the promotional cadence, and we're addressing that as we move through the fourth quarter.
Operator: Our next question will come from Filippo Falorni of Citi. Please go ahead.
Filippo Falorni: Hey, good morning, everyone. So, clearly you returned to solid volume growth at Hills and solid results despite a more challenging category. So, Noel, can you maybe comment about how your business is positioned compared to the category weakness that we're seeing, which seems concentrated more on the wet side and the treat side. And then just thinking about Q4, how should we think about the progression of volume in Hills, considering you're going to lose some of the private label volumes both from a topline, but also from a margin standpoint. Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Yes, thanks, Filippo, and good morning. So, again, a great quarter for Hills, obviously with strong balanced pricing and volume growth in the quarter. That growth was quite pervasive across the world as we saw a good growth in the US, as well as in some of our emerging markets, and likewise in Canada. Category has slowed a bit, as you've heard from others. That's, as you mentioned, a combination of sustained pricing in the category over the last four or five quarters and agg prices still remaining high. And so, it's not to be unexpected that the volume would slow a little bit. As you rightfully point out, you've seen some conversion from wet into dry. That lowers the volume. You've seen, obviously treats, which is more discretionary. And you'll recall, as we said in the Q2 call, we don't have a significant business at all in the treats segment. And likewise, I would say the non-science brands continue to perform quite well, but are not immune to the continued challenges that that you highlighted in the category. But as I mentioned just a moment ago, we continue to grow share, and for us, this is a share gain. We only have 5% to 6% penetration in our largest market in the US. So, we have a lot of upside still, hence the reason why we continue to bring strong innovation in the market. Hence the reason why we continue to advertise very aggressively to drive household penetration. Likewise, we see opportunities continued in the prescription diet. Our studies show that only about 5% of pet owners are using a prescription product, whereas potentially up to 80% could be using it. So, that affords us an upside. We've talked about wet, obviously some conversion from wet into dry, but we have very low shares in the wet segment, which has been one of the historically growing segments. And we have plans, as we've ta talked about in the past, to continue to grow that. So, overall, we feel we're positioned well, but not immune to some of the softness that we've seen. But likewise, as I mentioned, we're very focused on driving share and ultimately expanding this business internationally. We'll watch the category carefully. We know our retailers are very focused on nutrition, and the science segment continues to perform well, and that's where we're putting our strategies in order to continue to drive penetration.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jason English of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jason English: Hey, morning folks. Thanks for slotting me in, and let's stay there. Let's stay on pet nutrition for a minute, but let's pivot to maybe the bottom line. Looks like gross margins for that segment down 360 bps this quarter, kind of bringing two-year to down 900, very consistent with what we saw last quarter. And I get the mixed benefits of the acquisitions. I get the plant startup expense. I get the inflation, like these are all, obviously factors that have been contributing to the pressure, but I'm expecting all of them to sort of subside as you start to rotate the product out of the Red Collar assets, as you start to pivot some of your resources from starting up plants to attacking some of the efficiency, and hopefully as some of the input cost pressure subsides and price catches up. But we haven't yet seen progress yet. What is a reasonable expectation for us as we try to level set our own expectations? When should we start to see the benefits of all those dynamics come to fruition? And how much recovery should we be expecting?
Noel Wallace: Well, thanks for the question. Again, sequentially, things are moving in the right direction, and that's exactly what we've talked about in previous calls. And obviously, operating profit and EBIT continues to inflect where we want it. We continue to support the business with a disproportionate amount of our total increase in advertising, as we talked about. That is, again, strategic based on the low penetration and the real headroom that we continue to see in the category for us. As we see agg prices have somewhat flattened out, and that's good news for us, given a lot of the pricing that we've taken, we anticipate that that will start to inflect more positive in our gross margins as we move forward. As you rightfully pointed out, we have a significant amount of cost is still moving through the P&L on getting our new facilities ramped up. The new wet facility will start to ramp up here in the fourth quarter. So, we'll have some costs associated with that, but ultimately, over the longer term, those costs will subside and we feel good about where we are with the new Red Collar plants, getting those integrated in. So, overall, with pricing continuing to flow through, with agg prices holding and continuing to drive premiumization in the category, we feel good about the long-term trajectory of operating margins in this business.
Operator: Next question will come from Olivia Tong of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Olivia Tong: Thanks. Good morning. Want to ask you a little bit more about North America, given that - a couple of things. First, the pricing accelerated on a two-year stack. If you could talk about the drivers of that. I assume promotion is a big piece of that. You mentioned advertising was up 25% in North America. Was that the highest amongst the divisions? And just if you could talk a little bit more about how you think about the ROI and the timing of the impact of that higher advertising. Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Yes, thanks and good morning, Olivia. Again, as I mentioned earlier, we're pleased with the progress. Again, this is a very deliberate and strategic execution of how we're trying to get the health of our brands and the health of our P&L in a better place. And as I mentioned in the second quarter call, we may have pulled back a little bit too far on some of the promotional cadence, but we're adjusting that, but adjusting it very prudently where we see the ROI and where we believe we can drive sustained volume and share opportunity moving forward. The 25% increase was not the highest. As I just mentioned, Hills continues to receive the disproportionate amount of the advertising increase. But North America, again, given the vibrancy of that market and the long-term strategic importance of that market, we will continue to invest for the long term. Great progress on the operating margins, as you saw move through that P&L. That is a reflection, again, I think of a much more prudent approach to pricing in the market and our promotional cadence. And we feel good about the sequential growth that we saw in the quarter and the sequential growth that we'll continue to see in the fourth quarter.
Operator: The next question will come from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Bryan Spillane: Thanks, operator. Good morning, everyone. Had a question on ad spend. I think year-to-date now we're over 12 - were running at a rate that's about a little over 12% as a percentage of sales. And so, given the increase that will end the year at, is this a good base to think of in terms of ad spend going forward, or would you consider taking up further? So, just trying to get a sense now if we've kind of rebased or if this is a new base in terms of ad spend.
Noel Wallace: Yes, thanks, Bryan. Listen, it's not as much as a percent of sales. It's really about how we're getting - what return on investment we're getting for that. And clearly, you've seen that play through the P&L on the strong organic in the business, the continued growth on market shares around the world, particularly in those strategic categories that we're pushing more deliberately with the advertising. So, it's really about an ROI. And as we see that play back through the P&L, which we clearly are, we'll continue to invest. So, were really focused now, I'll say, on making sure we continue to optimize that investment. We put a lot more focus on programmatic buying, a lot more focus on personalization and getting content right. You heard E talk about when we were down in Florida with regards to the importance of advertising creative and content development. So, putting a lot more focus to get better ROI for what we're delivering. So, not necessarily a percent, but overall, were getting the performance through the P&L and through our businesses on the ground.
Operator: Our next question will come from Steve Powers of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Steve Powers: Hey, great, thank you, and good morning. Maybe just two questions if I could. One is to follow up and round up the volume conversation. You talked about line of sight to improvements in North America and in Asia Pacific. The other area of softness in the quarter was Europe. Just love some perspective on sort of your path to volume improvement in that region. And then more broadly, stepping back, I guess this builds a little bit on the question Bryan was just asking, but you've had just tremendous success this year in driving underlying margin improvement, which has allowed the AMT reinvestment that we've seen year-to-date. I guess, as you are scenario modeling and starting to plan for the year ahead, how do you weigh the puts and takes on margins as you look ahead? And what's your level of confidence you can continue to drive that underlying margin improvement to enable the investment should the ROI exist? 
Noel Wallace: Yes, good morning, Steve. Thanks. So, let me talk again a little bit on volumes. Globally, as you've heard from others, volumes in the categories tend to be down around 2% to 3%. This is a function, obviously, of the aggressive pricing that you've seen sequentially over the last three or four quarters. So, that continues to improve, and in my view, that will continue to improve as pricing moderates over the next couple of quarters and we lapse some of the aggressive pricing that we've had, certainly within our P&L. But from a category standpoint, there's going to be obviously a shift from more pricing-driven organic growth to more volume-driven organic growth. And it's very difficult to actually predict exactly at the pace that's going to happen by geography, because we've taken pricing, competitors taking pricing at different points in the year. So, over time, sequentially though, we see volume returning to a more normalized level, and we see pricing returning to a more normalized level. And that's more or less how it's playing out. Difficult to predict from geography to geography, from quarter to quarter.  On the margin, obviously, a lot of focus, as you know, across the business. We've got a lot of levers in the P&L now to drive operating margins and gross margins. Why don't I let Stan talk to a little bit about that. He's been very focused on driving that across most of our regions. 
Stan Sutula: Thanks, Noel. Steve, it's a good question on the driving margin. So, if you take a look at what we've been able to do with the income statement this year, the top to bottom, the flexibility and the strength on all the different lines, have given us a lot more opportunity to drive margin, and it gives us flexibility, and that allows us to react to market conditions and anticipate, and more importantly, invest in those areas of the business that can deliver value. When we look at all those collectively, we think that leaves us well positioned for expanding margin over time. And while we're not going to give guidance for 2024 here today, we think that we are exiting the quarter with a stronger business model here than we entered the year.
Operator: Our next question today will come from Lauren Lieberman of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Lauren Lieberman: Great. Thanks. Good morning. So, in the release, or in the prepared remarks, you talked about some of the improvement in oral care toothpaste, specifically in North America, but I was wondering if we could talk a bit about home and personal care. The advertising spend, like you said, up 25% this quarter. Just curious about how that is maybe being allocated across the different divisions within North America, how you're thinking about kind of innovation in home and personal care. I know, Noel, you'd mentioned some of the promotional cadence dynamics improving for home care in the fourth quarter, but I was just curious at efforts beyond that to kind of get those businesses more on the right track. Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Hey, Lauren, good morning. So, overall, the bulk of our North America business is oral care and it receives the bulk of that advertising increase. But pleasingly, we are supporting our home care and our personal care businesses, which is important. And clearly, as we get the promotional cadence back on those businesses, particularly here in the fourth quarter, we anticipate we'll see an improvement in shares. Now, again, we had a lot of unprofitable share historically where we were chasing share and buying share. And we have deliberately, as we see great health across our P&L and the geographies across the world, we have the opportunity to right-size that in the US and get the shares much more profitable and get much more sustainable share growth moving forward. And the intention is to continue to support all those businesses in the US as we move forward. The other one is our skin health business in the US is getting good levels of advertising. That continues to perform well. If you take our skin health business outside of China, that grew double digits in the quarter for us. So, we continue to see a nice growth on that business, and we'll continue to support that in the US market as well.
Operator: Your next question will come from Chris Carey of Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Chris Carey: Hi, good morning, everyone. I couldn't help but notice the commentary around the currency impact carrying into 2024. At the same time, Noel, you were quite clear in your remarks today that Colgate has multiple levers to continue profit growth. This year, you're going to be doing high single-digit earnings. It would appear on low single-digit currency impact. You, I think, put up the best productivity number on a basis point impact that we've seen in almost 10 years despite raw materials which remain stubbornly high. Well, I know there's conversion and other costs in there as well. But just as you think about next year, and I know you're not giving guidance today, but does your ability to still deliver high single-digit earnings this year despite the currency headwind, give you confidence on next year, especially because some of these drivers, like pricing, perhaps strong productivity and other levers at your disposal, remain available to you going into next year? So, thanks for any perspective on that.
Noel Wallace: Yes, Chris, thanks. Listen, I'm not going to get into 2024, start predicting where things will evolve, but clearly, foreign exchange moved more negative in the quarter for us. And you've seen that obviously the dollar strengthening as we move into the fourth quarter. But as Stan rightfully pointed out, I think the important aspect here is that the levers within our P&L are better than they've been in quite some time. We have different aspects playing to our advantage now. Obviously, we're getting the pricing executed in the market. We're starting to see volume flow through over the longer term. That will improve efficiencies in our plants. As we've gotten our forecast accuracy improved in the plants, that allows us to obviously run more of our funding the growth, which obviously came through very strong. We have the productivity moving through the P&L. so, we're really trying to pull on all levers to give us as much flexibility as possible. Foreign exchange is obviously a big unknown as we move forward, but you've seen us historically be able to price against this. We obviously have some inflationary pricing in the P&L in the third quarter based on where we see the Argentine peso go, where we see part of the Nigeria foreign exchange has been an issue as well, and likewise in Turkey. But over time, the important part is for us to drive flexibility through our P&L so we can adjust to market circumstances in the most efficient and prudent way.
Operator: Next question today is from Mark Astrachan of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Mark Astrachan: Yes, thanks, and morning, everybody. So, yesterday, a competitor of yours, sort of in certain categories, talked about refocusing the business on product superiority. Obviously, a large US competitor has successfully pivoted the business towards that strategy, with success in recent years. Curious how you think about, or would assess the portion of your portfolio and innovation that meets the criteria. Have you adjusted R&D as a focus, the spending towards these product areas? And as sort of a second question, it might be related, might not be, the issues you bring up with the H&H business in China. Maybe I'm nave in assuming that some of it could potentially relate to this, where you're taking prices up but not necessarily innovating. If that's wrong, obviously talk to that, but just kind of talk generally about what's going on there and how much is price, how much is other stuff. Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Yes, thanks, Mark. Let me come back to the core of our strategy, which was innovating across our core in adjacencies and channels. And all of it is underpinned by science-based innovation, and that has always distinguished our portfolio historically, and we have absolutely dialed that up in terms of how we focus our R&D efforts across the organization. Good examples of that is obviously the growth that we've had in the whitening segment. We have, in our view, some of the best efficacy-based products in the category. We're very pleased with the growth that we've seen in whitening at the premium side with our peroxide-based. We've obviously moved into pens, which is incremental consumption opportunity and the opportunity to drive regiment and a premiumization. We've moved into our chair distinct strategy, which is anchoring science-based whitening through the profession as well. So, science continues to play very importantly into our growth strategy. And you've seen that play out in oral care, certainly seen it play out in in our pediatrician business, as well as very recently in skin health. And likewise, as we look at some of the innovations coming on in our home care business, we've seen some great innovation on concentrate, some great innovation on tablets in Europe. So, we continue to use science as a way to drive differentiation and certainly drive our premiumization. Specifically on the Hawley & Hazel business, as I mentioned in the second quarter, we took pricing. That has taken longer to actually get executed in the market, given the multiple levels of our go-to-market strategy on the Hawley and Hazel business. And obviously, you've seen a slowdown in the category in China, which has also come on top of that. But the good news, as we exited the third quarter, we saw the Hawley & Hazel business start to inflect positively, and we continue to see that as we speak. So, were not completely out of where we want it to be, but everything is moving in the right direction. Conversely, the innovation behind Hawley & Hazel is very strong. Once we have that pricing executed, we'll come in with a good first half plan of innovation, and that will be science-based innovation, as I mentioned. The parallel to that is obviously the great success we've had in China with the Colgate business. The Colgate business continues to perform very, very well, growing share in e-commerce, the fastest growing channels, and that is driven behind premium innovation with real science-based structures to that.
Operator: Next question will come from Rob Ottenstein of Evercore. Please go ahead.
Rob Ottenstein: Great, thank you very much. I'm wondering if we can drill in on the US and maybe talk a little bit about what's going on in the non-track channels, kind of which channels are leading the growth and why do you continue - do you expect that to continue in the future, having a pretty big gap between the scanner results and the non-track? And then if you could put that also in the context of how you see the US consumer and the health of the US consumer developing over the next couple of quarters and any pivots that you may do or adjustments to potentially a weakening consumer outlook. Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Yes. Hey, good morning, Rob. Thanks. Clearly, in the results, and you've seen the scanner data, which continues to be soft, and as I mentioned, we're addressing that more sharply in the fourth quarter. Our non-track business continues to perform exceptionally well, and that has been a strategy that we've talked about for quite some time. Those are some of the faster growing channels. We continue to invest in those channels. We continue to grow share in those channels. And overall, that's certainly leading to a broader-based healthier business for us moving forward. You talk Club. You talk some of the discount channels. You talk some of the e-commerce channels as well. So, overall, we think were well positioned in the US to continue to leverage where the growth is coming from. The consumer continues to be resilient. I would say the promotional environment is constructive right now. We've seen a little bit of pickup in some categories, but overall, still below pre-COVID levels. And as we continue to be, as I said, very thoughtfully prudent on how we elevate our cadence of promotions moving forward, we feel good about our ability to continue to drive non-track. Now, I'll remind you that non-tracked are about 14% of the total company sales. And so, while very important for us in the US and the team there under Jesper's leadership is laser focused on addressing that, we're going to get that back to a healthier share as we move forward.
Operator: Our last question today is a follow-up from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Bryan Spillane: Hi. Thanks again, Operator. Hey Stan, just a question around inflation. I know in the press release or the prepared remarks, you talked about - or I guess the press release, talked about still several hundred million dollars of inflation expected for this year. Can you just give us some context of, is it the same moderating? Like, as we're exiting the year, just how we should be thinking about the trend on inflation? I know you called out inflation in pet. So, just trying to get a sense of whether or not it's - how it's trending. Is it trending better or worse than kind of where we were coming out of 2Q?
Stan Sutula: Yes, sure, Bryan. So, as we said, our view on raw materials in total remains consistent with prior quarters. And we still do see several hundred million of gross cost inflation raw materials for 2023. But while the overall totals in line, there have been some shifts underneath that. First, agriculture has not eased. In some cases, its actually gone up. That affects primarily our Hills business. Offsetting that, some commodities such as resins and oils have actually softened a bit. But when we look in total, that basket is roughly still in line. And while it hasn't gotten worse, it hasn't gotten a lot better. The one we continue to watch carefully is obviously energy with all the volatility in that market. And then also just keep in mind, some of our raw materials are not pure commodities, but specialty, flavors, fragrances. Those tend to have less volatility. But I think if you pull back, our teams have done a great job driving productivity to mitigate some of that inflation. And you saw in our funding the growth, this has really helped us balance the margin. You combine that with RGM, and it's resulted in that margin expansion. So, if I got to pull that back, while that's been relatively steady in total, the pieces moving around underneath, that has - our gross profit in total for the company has gone up 140 basis points year-to-year. And that's a combination of that pricing in RGM has been able to more than compensate for the raw materials going through. So, as we look at that heading into the last quarter, we haven't actually seen a lot of change in the commodity basket, so we expect that to continue through the end of the year.
Noel Wallace: Yes, Bryan, Id just reiterate, again, that 140, you add another 50 basis points for private label, and if you add logistics in there, which others include in cost of goods, that adds roughly another 130. So, north of 300 basis points of margin improvement in the quarter. And that's terrific in terms of how we saw things ultimately playing out. And as we see hopefully a more benign cost environment over the medium term and our ability to hold pricing and continue to innovate at the high end, we feel pretty good about the continued ability to sustain high margins in the categories in which we compete.
Noel Wallace: So, thanks everyone for joining the call today. Let me just close up by saying we really appreciate your interest in the company. We hope you agree that we have the strategies and the plans in place to deliver consistent, compounded profitable growth to drive value for all of our shareholders. And I would be remiss not to thank all the Colgate from all folks around the world who have delivered a very strong quarter for us in the third quarter of 2023. So, thanks everyone. We'll talk to you in January.
Operator: Conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-28 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive 2023 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgatepalmolive.com. Now for opening remarks, I'd like to turn this call over to Chief Investor Relations Officer and Executive Vice President, M&A, John Faucher.
John Faucher: Thank you, Allison. Good morning, and welcome to our second quarter 2023 earnings release conference call. This is John Faucher. Today's conference call will include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from these statements. Please refer to the Q2 2023 earnings press release and related prepared materials and our most recent filings with the SEC, including our 2022 annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings, all available on Colgate's website for a discussion of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these statements. This conference call will also include a discussion of non-GAAP financial measures, including those identified in tables 4, 6, 7, 8 and 9 of the earnings press release. A full reconciliation to the corresponding GAAP financial measures is included in the Q2 2023 earnings press release and is available on Colgate's website. Joining me on the call this morning are Noel Wallace, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Stan Sutula, Chief Financial Officer. Noel will provide you with some thoughts on our Q2 results and our 2023 outlook, and we will then open it up for Q&A. Noel?
Noel Wallace: Well, thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. So a few quick thoughts this morning on our strong quarter of top and bottom line growth and clearly along with the improved 2023 outlook we provided. On the first quarter call, you'll recall, I highlighted three priorities for the year, driving organic sales growth as we face tougher comparisons, executing on productivity and revenue growth management to fund brand investment, while also delivering on our earnings targets, and improving our cash flow performance. While not without its challenges, in Q2, we made strong progress on all three of these. On organic sales growth, Q2 showed the strength of our global portfolio as we delivered our strongest quarterly growth on a two-year stack basis since Q3 2008, with both organic volume and pricing growth accelerating on a two-year stack basis. We delivered organic sales growth in all six divisions and in each of our categories grew in the mid-single digits or higher. We are laser-focused on returning to balanced organic sales growth and we believe the investments we are making, combined with easier comparisons, give us a path to improved volume growth going forward as we leverage increased brand support and innovation while still delivering profit growth. The strength of our revenue growth management efforts, combined with our progress on funding the growth, drove improvement in our gross margin both sequentially and year-over-year. Our Base Business SG&A was down 30 basis points in the quarter. A strong sales growth, lower logistics costs and the benefits of our 2022 global productivity initiative drove operating leverage even as we increased advertising spending by 20%. Combined with our gross margin expansion, we delivered 60 basis points of operating margin expansion in the quarter. This enabled us to deliver upside versus expectations in the quarter despite continued pressure from below the line items, including the impact of higher interest rates and tax. As you've heard me say, it's just virtuous combination of growth driven leverage, revenue growth management, cost containment and productivity to drive investments in capabilities and brand building which drove the strong quality of this quarter's results. We believe it also lays the groundwork for our performance across the balance of the year and into the future. And finally, our strong cash flow performance continued in the quarter, which is helping us offset some of these below the line headwinds. Free cash flow was up more than 50% in the quarter and is more than up -- up more than 80% year-to-date through net income growth and improved working capital performance and pleasingly, particularly in inventories and payables. So I'm pleased with how we started the year, but I'm also well aware of the challenges and uncertainty ahead of us. Our goal is to deliver consistent, high quality compounded top and bottom line growth to drive shareholder value. And I believe Colgate-Palmolive has the brands, the global footprint and the people to deliver. So with that, I'll turn it over to the Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And Our first question today will come from Dara Mohsenian of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Dara Mohsenian: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Noel Wallace: Hi, Dara (ph).
Dara Mohsenian: So another impressive quarter of organic sales growth. And as you mentioned, the CAGR is accelerated on a multiyear basis, but it was driven by pricing more than entirely. And obviously, from here, we're going into a period where we're cycling higher pricing. So can you just talk about, conceptually at a high level, how you think about the balance of organic sales growth going forward, level of visibilities that volume can come back as pricing drops off? And maybe within that question also, if you could just touch on the global Oral Care share and the performance in the quarter and prospects going forward, that would be helpful also. Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Thanks, Dara. So let me go back to a couple of the comments I made in my opening statement and really talk about how we're trying to work to improve the quality of the P&L, which puts us in the best position to drive compounded long-term balanced growth top and bottom line, which is what we've been talking about for quite some time. As you know, we're coming out of what has been the worst raw material environment in decades. So our plan is with the combination of the revenue wealth management we talked about and the discipline that we're putting across the company in that area, more pricing and productivity, we can restore our gross margins and that's been the key focus. We believe that if we exit this type of environment with a structurally lower gross margin, you're going to be in a hole that's very difficult to dig yourself out of in the future, particularly because you need the gross margin to fund the investment in capabilities and the brand building, which you certainly saw in the quarter. We want to grow margins while still investing behind our brands and sustain a consistent organic sales growth, which we're clearly demonstrating. The key to do is getting pricing in the P&L. We certainly focused our teams on the ground in that area because the depth and duration of this cost inflation that we're experiencing has been an issue and you simply can't do it with one round of pricing. It needs to be consistent and deliberate and purposeful. And now as we look at cost inflation slowing overall, there are still places where we see margin pressure. So we -- of course, we need to take additional pricing, and this has had an impact on the volume. Maybe a couple of examples. China is a good example. We've taken pricing on our Hawley & Hazel joint venture in order to improve profitability long-term to drive the necessary investments in digital, the premium innovation required in that market and a continued shift to e-commerce. And as you know, China is a very difficult market in which to take pricing. And in the short term, that hasn't -- that's had an impact on our volume through lower promotions and wholesaler inventories as we look to set the new pricing in the market. But the long-term implications of not restoring margins are more problematic. I'd go on to North America as well, where we're working to improve the health of our business and our brands through shifting more consistent brand support from above the net revenue line to obviously into margin expansion. This will improve health of our brands and our P&L. We're seeing this play out in our non-promoted share, which is growing, which is a healthy way to grow the business. In the short term, was the volume impact from reduced promotions more than we expected? Yes, it was. But the good news is, we've adjusted the P&L, we've strengthened it and we can adjust moving forward as we see the opportunities provide themselves. So while we're delivering both sales and profit growth along with increases in brand support in the middle of the P&L, it's clearly a healthier way to drive the business. If I look at the Hill's business, we're still seeing high levels of cost inflation, as you've heard us talk about in the first quarter and gross margins are still down year-over-year. So we've taken additional pricing to get the right margin structure for this business for the long-term. Much of the Hill's volume decline in the quarter was in emerging markets as much of the time is due to go-to-market changes or shipments that we had. The good news is the EMEA or our Europe business, and particularly there we were strong, U.S. volumes were only down slightly in the quarter against a very difficult comparison with pricing as you saw up in the teens. But we're focused on getting Hill's back to volume growth the right way. This is a business that responds very well to science driven innovation and strong advertising. We want to make sure that it's well funded and through the gross margin expansion that you've seen. And Hill's saw the biggest advertising increases in brand building in this quarter and will continue to fuel that investment. So I understand the importance of gaining volume growth, as you asked. We know we're all focused on that and as you are. But as I said, we want to do that in a way that sets us up structurally for long-term profitable growth. That means a good visibility towards restoring our gross margin to previous levels through revenue growth management and productivity that we've been talking about, well-funded advertising and the ability to drive operating leverage with the strong innovation that we're bringing to the market and healthier brands. So with a lot of great work by Colgate people, we have gross margin, overheads and logistics trending positively. We just finished the first half where we increased advertising by 17%. We have put additional pricing in place. We have strong innovation across all the divisions and categories. And we have second half volume comps that are easier by about 500 basis points. So we feel we're very well positioned. So with that, let me turn it over to the other questions.
Operator: Our next question will come from Filippo Falorni of Citi. Please go ahead.
Filippo Falorni: Hey. Good morning. Good morning, everyone. Just a follow-up on the prior question, Noel. You mentioned the need to take incremental pricing. Can you give us a little bit more color which category, country combination are you taking more pricing? What has been the response so far, and generally, like the magnitude relative to the prior price increases? Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Let me just come back to a quick finish on Dara's point. He asked about market shares. Dara, so our market share -- global market shares are up on toothpaste around the world. Strong growth obviously in Europe, a little softness in North America, as you've seen in the scanner data. And we're obviously addressing that as we go into the back half. Latin America shares look good. Asia shares look good. Africa shares look really, really strong. We're up or flat in all the 11 markets where we read shares there. So overall, oral toothpaste shares are pretty good. Filippo, on your question with regarding the pricing, certainly in some of the higher inflationary markets, we will probably still see pricing in the back half of the year. Take Turkey, take Argentina, take Pakistan and some of the other higher inflationary areas around the world. We took pricing in the second quarter in North America. Obviously, that had some impact on volume in the quarter. But we'll see deliberate and very focused pricing where we have margin pressure. On the Hill's business, clearly, we've seen ag prices accelerate through 2022 and into '23. So we're taking pricing commensurate with that as we move into the back half. But it will be more isolated and targeted the bigger price increases are in the P&L. And as you heard us talk about, we took a lot of pricing in 2022. About 58% of the pricing in the P&L this year is flow through from last year. So we still have a little bit to go, but most of it is in the P&L already.
Operator: Our next question will come from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Bryan Spillane: Hey. Thanks, operator. Good morning, everyone. Hey, Noel. Maybe just kind of tying it back to -- maybe this ties back to Dara's question. But in the prepared remarks, you talked about -- on a percentage of sales basis, SG&A would be up in North America, Europe and Hill's to support volume acceleration. And I guess, as we look through the results, it looks like it's been pretty good in Europe, like, you've gained share. So maybe if you can, for some context, in terms of that investment, how much of it is  like, where has each of those geographies progressed relative to the investment? Is it right to read that you're having an impact in Europe and you still have some catch-up to do in North America? Just want to get some color on that.
Noel Wallace: Absolutely. Thanks, Bryan. Yeah. I'll start with Europe. Obviously, we've increased investment there and we're seeing terrific response to particularly the elmex and meridol brands where we've elevated our investment there, but likewise, on the Colgate brand. So a lot of the efforts that we've had on premium whitening have played out to drive incremental share in Europe. So that investment across that business is certainly playing out. But importantly, the investment in Europe is broader based than just Oral Care. We have a wonderful relaunch on Sanex, that's underway across Europe. We're putting investment behind that. We relaunched our Soupline business in France, which is a big business for us. And we've launched the Suavitel -- the Soupline Hearts, which we're putting investment behind that. So I think what's important is with operating margins back to growth, it's giving us a lot more flexibility to support a wide array of brands, particularly in Europe. And that would be the case likewise in Latin America, where we've obviously seen a little pickup in exchange. So on a local currency basis, we're getting more advertising. And I'd also point to the fact that we're getting more efficient and targeted with our advertising with some of our digital skills that we're implementing across the world. North America, it's taking a little bit more time. You certainly have seen the promoted share fall off. But as I mentioned in my comments to Dara, the important thing is our non-promoted volume share is growing. And that's a clear reflection of the fact that we've increased support on the brand and building the health of the brand. And if you look at the attributes of the Colgate brand, particularly in North America, we're seeing good movements in terms of how we measure the health of the equity. So good news there. Asia, likewise, good response. We've obviously seen a fall-off on our biggest business, which is Darlie due to the price increase. But the Colgate business overall, where we've added more support similarly is responding very, very well. And we couldn't be more happy with the progress we're seeing in Africa on the Oral Care business with the elevated increase that we're seeing. Advertising doesn't respond immediately. It takes quarters after quarters of consistent growth. And whats important, back to the quality of the P&L, is that with the quality of the P&L where it is, it allows us to sustain that advertising. In this quarter, you obviously saw us increase it. And thats clearly the strategy because over the long term, consistent levels of advertising play out for brands the best.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrea Teixeira of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Andrea Teixeira: Thank you. Good morning. Noel, you mentioned the balanced volume and pricing, obviously, impressive to see some of the green shoots in Africa and Eurasia. Can you talk also about the brand support above the line you mentioned in North America and elaborate more on that? And obviously, that has been a main drag to global volumes. And I understand it takes time, of course, to see volume share rebound. But do you see in terms of like when should we see some improvement there as you talk to your customers? And then sorry to get a second part of the question, but I want to understand also your impressive rebound in margins in the quarter came through. Even looking at your prepared remarks, you mentioned raw material and packaging, you still ahead of 540 basis points negative impact. So I'm thinking about the cadence of this inflation, if you can comment and then how we can expect that from here? I know you reiterated margins up, but I just want to see to the P&L, what would be the puts and takes there? Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Thanks, Andrea and good morning. So on above the line expenses, obviously, when you're in an environment of inflation and recovering cost and taking pricing either through list prices or revenue growth management, it involves a reallocation of your promotional dollars for two reasons. One, you want to ensure that when you're taking list price increases, you see that pricing in the market and you get consistency of implementation around the retail environment. So that was an important part of the second quarter pricing we took in North America. To do that, you need to pull back on some of your promotional volumes. That was done, one, because some of those promotional volumes are unprofitable. So as I mentioned earlier, we are very focused in North America on building brand health and getting back to consistent delivery of share growth with advertising and innovation through simply -- and simply taking some of the reliance on promotions away. Did we pull back a little bit too much perhaps? But we're going to be very thoughtful moving forward on how we put grocery net back into the North America business to ensure that we continue to grow margins and obviously grow share at the same time. But we will ensure that, that happens in the back half. But I can tell you that we're going to be very thoughtful on how we approach all the categories relative to promotions to ensure we maintain the margins in the P&L. And around the world, I think we were quite consistent with the above the line where we had list price increases. We were managing promotions. We'll have a little bit easier comps as we've talked about on pricing -- harder comps on pricing in the back half, but easier on volume. So I think we'll see a better balance between our organic growth as we move through the back half of the year, but we'll still see a little bit of pricing moving through, as I mentioned, upfront. On the margin line, clearly, very pleased with the progress that we're making both at the gross profit level and the operating margin level. And I remind everyone that our gross profit does not include logistics and cost of goods. So if you take logistics, obviously, we had a very strong quarter relative to gross profit acceleration. And our SG&A was down despite the fact that we took a 20% -- we implemented a 20% increase in advertising. Let me turn it over to Stan. He can give you a little bit of color on how we're thinking about raw materials phasing out through the balance of the second half.
Stan Sutula: Thanks, Noel. So raw materials, as we look towards the second half, we will see these moderate. But there are pockets that actually are going up, and predominantly, they're impacting Hill's. So around ag and proteins, those continue to escalate. So while on a year-on-year basis, these will moderate slightly coming off of the first half, they still will be a headwind in the second half of the year. Now we continue to drive funding the growth savings. The teams have done a really nice job on driving that productivity and we will carry that through the back half of the year as well. So we do expect margin to improve in the second half and continue that momentum. And then obviously, just as we look at FX, it's going to bounce around here a bit. And in particular, we've seen pressure in Africa, Eurasia countries as well as Asia-Pacific. So overall, we do expect margins to improve in the back half of the year.
Operator: Our next question is from Olivia Tong of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Olivia Tong: Great. Thank you. First, can you just elaborate a little bit on what the impact of logistics is just so we can kind of compare you to your peers? And then specifically on the U.S., could you just talk about the path forward? I mean, we talked about the -- what's driven some of the challenges so far in terms of volume. But could you talk about the actions that you're planning to take for the second half, whether it's some relaxation in terms of the pullback and reinstating perhaps some of the promotion or other actions that you're planning to take with respect to the U.S. Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Thanks, Olivia and good morning. I'd ask you to reference the Q on details on logistics. There's a lot more detail in there. And if you're not finding what you need, obviously follow up with John and Stan afterwards. On the volume cadence, certainly, as you look at the back half, as I mentioned, the comps get much easier. But despite that, we're going to be very deliberate in how we think about volume creation in the back half. Were going to be thoughtful, as I mentioned, continuing to focus on the structure of the P&L, which we believe is absolutely imperative for the long-term sustainability of the company. We think that we can keep the gross margin accelerating, well keep the advertising in the P&L and not simply chasing unprofitable volume. So were going to be very focused on that. That being said, we do expect a slightly heightened promotional environment in the back half. As cost tend to level out, well see probably a little bit more promotions. I will say that around the world today, we have not seen an elevated promotional environment. We are recently starting to see more volume being sold on promotions but not the frequency of promotions there or the depth of promotions in the market. So thats an important aspect. But were going to be very deliberate in how we think about the promotional cadence in the back half, probably a little bit more in the U.S. But the rest of the world will be very targeted where we see competitive needs to put more money there. But so far, its been quite constructive. And we continue to believe pushing our brands through innovation and top  and advertising is the healthiest way to grow the business longer term.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jason English of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jason English: Hey. Good morning, folks. Thanks for swapping me in. Stan mentioned earlier the elevated degree of inflation that's continuing to impact, but also the new price increases. How should we expect them to translate into margins? I mean, it's good to see the moderation in gross margin expansion this quarter. But we're still down a lot from where we were. What is the right level of profitability for that business on a normalized basis and what is the pathway to getting there?
Noel Wallace: Yeah. Thanks, Jason. So again, we are taking aggressive pricing across the Hill's business, as you've seen through the recent quarters and we continue to see some inflationary prices on ag prices. Now do we think that's going to continue into '24? Unlikely, but we want to assure we continue to take pricing this year to recover that. Is there a number that we're targeting? No. We want to continue to do this in a very thoughtful way. We see real opportunities to continue to grow both gross profit and operating margin at Hill's in a healthy way quarter-to-quarter moving out, particularly given the pricing that we'll see flow through the back half of the P&L and hopefully a more benign cost environment. We also have mixed opportunities that we're very focused on as we get the new Tonganoxie up and running and the wet -- and we get wet capacity building that will allow a little bit of margin accretion on mix. So we're pleased with that. We're getting the productivity through the plants operating more efficiently. So we'll see that. And obviously, as the private label business comes off, that will be a natural organic accretion to both gross profit and operating profit at the end. So good aspects to  as we see the business projecting over time. Were going to ensure that were competitive relative to pricing in the market. Were going to continue to ensure that we keep the high levels of advertising there on the Hills business, which you saw in the quarter. So overall, we feel pretty good about the phasing of gross profit accretion moving forward.
Operator: Our next question will come from Steve Powers of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Stephen Powers: Hey. Thanks and good morning. I wanted to ask more of a general question on the state of the advertising industry as you see it. You talked obviously making increases, the 20% increase this quarter. I guess the question I'm left with is just how you're seeing the efficacy of that advertising. Do you believe the efficacy is up commensurate with the increased dollar investment or is there inflation or other dynamics cutting into that efficacy just as you the environment today as you plan ahead?
Noel Wallace: Yeah. Thanks, Steve and good morning. I'll take you back to CAGNY, when Eve (ph) presented a lot of our digital advancement and the digital transformation and ultimately how our focus on digital advertising is yielding a much higher ROI, we have the ability to analytically measure that much more effectively than we have in the past. Our copy effectiveness is getting much better. So we're seeing the efficacy delivered there through the brand health measures that I talked about earlier. We're obviously spending more money on generating first-party data. That allows us to obviously look more holistically across the market and get more targeted media that's more personalized and effective, which has been terrific. And as I mentioned upfront, the non-promoted volume share in the U.S. is a big metric for us because that clearly indicates that our advertising is driving more non-promoted share. So we were up about 100 basis points in non-promoted share and that's excellent. That's exactly what we want. Now we may have pulled back, as I mentioned, a little too much on the promotion, but we'll get the balance right as we move forward. So the efficacy overall, we're very pleased. And that's clearly demonstrated in some of the market share performances as we have around the world, where we've had elevated advertising to support that, particularly across some of the brands -- non-Colgate brands. I mentioned Sanex in Europe. We talked about the Suavitel business and the Axion business in Mexico, which is obviously well supported. So overall, we see a more healthy balance of advertising across our categories. And over time, this is going to lead to more sustainable growth.
Operator: Our next question will come from Robert Ottenstein of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Robert Ottenstein: Great. A quick follow-up and then my other question. Where your volumes are down, particularly in the U.S.? Has that gone to competitors or is it more of a function of consumers postponing purchase or orders being postponed? So that's just kind of the follow-up. And then my main question is, where you see yourself in digital and e-commerce. Arguably, a few years ago, you were unsatisfied and have made a lot of investments and they're certainly panning out particularly in China. Do you believe that you're kind of where you need to be, to be fully competitive globally in digital and e-commerce now? Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Yeah. Thanks, Rob and good morning. So on the volume, particularly in the U.S., as I mentioned already, we saw some -- our promoted share fall-off across a couple of our categories in the U.S., as we pulled back on some of the promotions and established some of the new pricing. Where it's gone to is a multitude of the competitors, obviously, where they have not pulled back on their promotional levels as much. And therefore, we saw a little bit of migration to them. But clearly, that consumer typically responds to promotions, whether it's couponing or otherwise. And they're not that difficult to get back, but we want to get -- we want to get those consumers back in a much healthier way moving forward. So the overall structure of the U.S. P&L improves and that's pretty consistent around the world. When you pull back on promotions, you're going to have a highly driven consumer that looks at pricing and value, and you need to ensure that you're obviously providing that value moving forward. So we'll get the balance right. Our digital -- on that, we've talked a lot about our digital transformation, yeah, three years ago, we weren't where we needed to be. And I would say we're very, very pleased with where we are today. We do an external study with BCG, which assesses all of our peer group vis-a-vis their digital capabilities. And three years ago, we were below the peer group. Today, we are above the peer group. And we're not best-in-class yet, so we feel we've got more room to go. And Brigitte and Diana and Prabha and all the operating units are very focused on this, and we feel weve got good plans in place to continue to advance that. And our goal is absolutely to become best-in-class.
Operator: Next question is from Lauren Lieberman of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Lauren Lieberman: Great. Thanks. Good morning. I was hoping to maybe talk a little bit about Latin America. I know it's a market where you've been putting a lot of premium innovation in place. It's been a core part of the strategy, particularly in Oral Care. And yet there's significant inflation in some markets. So I was just curious for an update there may be on premiumization versus affordability, what you're seeing in terms of consumer trends outside of the reported results, but kind of what the dynamics are from a consumer environment standpoint and how you're managing those two ends of the pricing ladder. Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Yeah. Thanks, Lauren and good morning. So you saw the results, another really strong organic sales growth for Latin America. And pleasingly, after five quarters of double-digit pricing, we saw volume improve in Latin America. And I think this is a good proxy for as we think about pricing in other markets and coupling that with strong advertising, ultimately the volume will come back. It's a quite resilient consumer. They're accustomed to inflationary pricing. But as long as youre bringing a collection of strong innovation and continuing their brand support, which is vitally important to come out of these tougher times with stronger brands, you see the volume return to category. So both Mexico and Brazil delivered volume growth in the quarter and both had very strong growth organically given the fact that they also took pricing. So overall, really pleased with what were seeing in Latin America. And likewise, were seeing the velocity and the turns improve more than we anticipated given some of the inflationary pressures in those markets. Now we shall watch it very carefully as the inflation continues to mount. But overall, structurally the P&Ls are in good shape, and the consumer seems to be quite responsive to the innovation and the pricing that were putting in the market. So overall, we feel were in a very good place.
Operator: Question is from Mark Astrachan of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Mark Astrachan: Yeah. Thanks and good morning. Wanted to ask a question on the Hill's business. Again, just maybe thinking about category than your business. So how are you thinking -- or what are you observing from the category standpoint? We can obviously see somewhat U.S. data, but curious how you think about it around the world that volumes overall are a little bit weaker. How much of that is a reflection of just all the pricing that you and your competitors are taking? Is there some of just sort of pause within the category over the -- after the last couple of years of really strong growth and adoption levels? And then longer term, how do you think about -- and maybe this goes to Jason's question a little bit, but how do you think about the contribution to price and mix and volumes for that business over time? And how does that contribute to improving margins relative to where we are? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Yeah. Thanks, Mark. So clearly, another strong quarter for Hill's, double-digit organic sales growth despite lapping. And I remind everyone that we're lapping 18% growth in the year ago period. So obviously, a really strong quarter. And the quarter a year ago was mid-single digit volume, so ultimately, a good quarter. And on a two-year stack, we were up. So looking quite strong. Categories softened a little bit towards the end of the category -- I mean, excuse me, the end of the quarter. You would expect that given the amount of pricing thats gone into that over the last three or four quarters. But overall, Europe continues to be very strong. U.S., strong despite very high comps. We anticipate that well see a little bit of sluggishness as we move forward in the categories, only because of all the pricing thats been taken. But that will be more around the discretionary items in pet specialty than food. Nutrition seems to be okay. I walked stores with some of the CEOs of the big pet specialty retailers recently, and they seem quite bullish relative to the nutritional and particularly the premium segment of the market, where you dont see a live elasticity in terms of when consumers trade off of diets, particularly on our prescription side. But were going to have to watch that quite carefully because theres been a lot of pricing thats going into the category. Emerging markets continues to be a real growth opportunity for us. Its small for us right now, but we need to continue to focus on those opportunities, particularly in Latin America and in Southeast Asia, to a certain extent. So overall, youll see us focus on those moving forward. But the categories continue to be quite robust, particularly given the growth headwind  growth head space that we have in emerging markets given we dont have high penetration there. So overall, we feel pretty good, but were cautious on ultimately how the category continues to evolve from a volume standpoint as we see a lot of pricing going in those categories. But again, getting the P&L structured right, getting gross margin up consistently over the next couple of quarters will be very important for us to maintain the high advertising levels that are so critical to drive penetration in that category.
Operator: Our next question is from Chris Carey of Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Chris Carey: Hi. Good morning, everyone. So just a couple quick follow-ups for me. Just -- and apologies for asking a North America question. This is more about making sure expectations are set and we know how to think about this going forward. But a little bit of promotions come back in, but you're really focusing on a more sustainable total P&L. Could still see some volume pressure for a bit until you lap some of these strategy adjustments that you made. And by the time we get beyond that, perhaps the volumes start to smooth out a bit more. So am I characterizing that correctly? And then second, just a quick clarification or follow-up. Olivia asked a question about freight. I think the 10-Q just says the year-over-year change. Dan, you had said 9.5% of sales was the freight number in Q1 and you expected it to trend low 9s for the rest of the year. Did that come through in the quarter? So thanks so much on those two items.
Noel Wallace: Let me -- Stan answer the logistics question, then I'll get back to your North American question.
Stan Sutula: Yeah. So logistics is playing out like we expected and improved slightly from the previous quarter. And we expect that, that improvement will also continue in the second half.
Noel Wallace: Chris, on North America, so I think you said it well. I mean, we're looking very deliberately to improve the structure of that P&L as we move forward. Again, it's -- the inherent objective there is to improve brand health. So we will clearly continue to fund advertising. We will be very choiceful on where we start to look at elevating promotions to recover some of that promotional share. Our focus is driving non-promoted share moving forward. But we need to be careful that we're not pulling back too much there. So we'll monitor that moving forward. And we'll see, I think from quarter-to-quarter, there will be a little bit of volatility in the gross margin line as we move forward as we see costs ultimately level out and where the pricing and the mix ends up. But we feel good about the back half relative to our ability to continue to drive operating margin expansion. I remind everyone that North America -- the North America HPC business is about 20% of our total business. And what is so nice about the Colgate business is that we have such diversity of our business around the world that as we need to fund opportunities in North America or Asia, we will have the ability to pull from certain regions around the world. So were well balanced in that regard. And I think North America has a good plan for the back half and well be very deliberate on their spending and their focus on recovering some of the share loss that weve had in the quarter.
Operator: Our last question will come from Peter Grom of UBS. Please go ahead.
Peter Grom: Thanks, operator and good morning, everyone. So I wanted to just circle back to the top line growth, which the second half organic sales guidance is still relatively wide and implies a decent slowdown, which makes sense as you start to cycle pricing. Can you maybe just talk about the moving pieces that would put organic revenue growth at the higher end or the lower end of that range as we move forward here? And maybe specifically, you mentioned several times throughout this call the sequential improvement on a two-year stack for volume. And just given the step up in investment innovation, should we expect that trend to continue as we move into the back half of the year? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Yeah. So it's tough to nail down exactly how the balance will end up. I mean, we'll have to watch it very carefully. It's going to differ by category and by geography. But clearly, the comps get easier from a volume standpoint in the back half. You heard me mention around 500 basis points. So that will certainly be a nice tailwind for us. And obviously, the comps on pricing get a little bit more challenging in the back half as we move forward. But we feel very good relative to the guidance that we provided and comfortable that we can achieve that. But we'll see how the categories behave, if the consumer continues to be rather fickle around the world. But as I mentioned, it's been very constructive promotionally. And so far, the resilience, particularly in markets like Latin America, and to a certain extent, Africa, had been very, very good where we've taken a lot of pricing. We'll watch North America quite closely. And obviously, we think we continue to have a lot of hedge based on the Hill's business as we continue to drive penetration and share growth, which, incidentally, I didn't talk shares on Hill's. They continue to respond very, very well with share growth in the quarter across most of our recipes, which is terrific. So we feel good about where we are in the guidance and we'll see where it ultimately ends up. Obviously, if there's upside, we'll take it. But we feel good that we're in a range that is responsible to continuing to keep the structure of the P&L the way it is. Relative to -- the second part of your question was on -- was on advertising, Peter or what was it on?
Peter Grom: No. It was just the sequential improvement on a two-year stack basis. Just recognizing that the comps get easier, if the two-year stack improves, what does that actually imply? Because it would seem to imply it does improve that there could be some nice improvement in return to volume growth in the back half of the year?
Noel Wallace: Yeah, exactly. And you said it well. I think we'll start to see a return to volume growth in the back half of the year. The two-year stacks, as I mentioned upfront have continued to accelerate. We'll have to -- my expectation, you'd probably see that moderate a bit as we move through the back half, but volumes will improve. And as I mentioned, we still have some pricing coming through that we've taken this year, so we'll see the benefit of that and a little bit of the flow-through from last year. So overall, I think well have a more balanced composition as we move through the back half of the year.
Operator: That concludes the Q&A portion of the call.
Noel Wallace: Great. Well, thank you, everyone, and thanks for the questions this morning. We continue to appreciate your interest in our company. Clearly, we had a strong quarter and I hope you agree, the strategies and the plans in place to deliver consistent compounded profitable growth are there and that will allow us to drive increased shareholder value. We couldn't do this without the incredible efforts from Colgate people all over the world who continue to focus on execution of our strategy and the consistency of delivery. So I thank them and I look forward to talking to everyone in the third quarter.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. We thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-28 03:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive 2023 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgatepalmolive.com. Now for opening remarks, I'd like to turn this call over to Chief Investor Relations Officer and Senior Vice President, M&A, John Faucher.
John Faucher: Thanks, Allison. Good morning, and welcome to our 2023 first quarter earnings release conference call. This is John Faucher. Today's conference call will include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from these statements. Please refer to the earnings press release and related prepared materials and our most recent filings with the SEC, including our 2022 annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings, all available on Colgate's website, for a discussion of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these statements. This conference call will also include a discussion of non-GAAP financial measures, including those identified in Table 6 of the earnings press release. A full reconciliation to the corresponding GAAP financial measures is included in the earnings press release and is available on Colgate's website. Joining me on the call this morning are Noel Wallace, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Stan Sutula, Chief Financial Officer. Noel will provide you with some thoughts on our Q1 results and our 2023 outlook. We will then open it up for Q&A. Noel?
Noel Wallace: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. As you can tell from our press release and the earnings materials, we had a strong start to 2023, and the momentum on our business gives us confidence to raise our net and organic sales growth guidance and to raise the lower end of our base business earnings per share growth guidance for the year. We did this because with the quarter of the year gone, we see less risk from some of the macroeconomic and geopolitical issues that we were concerned about earlier in the year. That said, there is still notable uncertainty surrounding the balance of the year, particularly in the second half. Since the commentary focuses on the results, I want to focus my remarks on three of our priorities that Colgate people are focused on. Priority one is driving organic sales growth as we face tougher comparisons. We will utilize our enterprise-wide capabilities in innovation and revenue growth management, along with a firm commitment to marketing spending to return to a balanced algorithm of pricing and volume growth. The pricing we have taken over the past two years helps provide us with the flexibility to fund increased brand investment to support our pricing, build brand health, and drive volume and household penetration. We know that the competitive environment is going to be difficult, but we have a brand portfolio that is built for times like these, and we look forward to driving growth and market share performance moving now. Priority two is delivering our productivity to fund the brand investment while we're also delivering on our earnings targets. We had a strong start to the year for both Funding the Growth and our 2022 global productivity initiative and we are laser-focused on delivering against or exceeding our goals for the year. We still foresee year-over-year headwinds to earnings per share growth from raw and packaging materials, foreign exchange and below-the-line items, so driving productivity in the middle of our P&L is vital. And finally, we are focused on improving our cash flow performance. Again, we had a strong start to the year with both operating cash flow and free cash flow up and we know there is still opportunity for further improvement. We will utilize this cash flow to fund the growth in capital expenditures to return cash to shareholders through dividends and to drive earnings leverage through paying down debt and repurchasing shares.  So I'm pleased with how we started the year, but I'm also well aware of the challenges and uncertainty ahead for us. Colgate-Palmolive, however, has the brands, the capabilities and the people to deliver in this environment. So with that, I'll take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today will come from Dara Mohsenian of Morgan Stanley.
Dara Mohsenian: Hey, guys, good morning. So clearly, strong top line results in Q1, but we're also obviously in a period of outsized pricing. And the question is sort of where do we land as the pricing trails off? So just A, just can you discuss your confidence that volume will recover going forward as pricing drops off? I know it's a bit of an unanswerable question at this point, but how do you think about that dynamic ahead of time and manage your business to drive sustained volume growth as you look out longer term? And B, maybe as a bit of a window into that performance when category pricing drops off, can you just talk about your market share performance in Q1 in some of your key regions and product categories and if the strategies are working in terms of driving improved market share trends?
Noel Wallace: Yes. Thanks, Dara. Let me come back again to the strategy that we've been deploying over obviously the last couple of years and continues to execute against the initiatives that we've talked about, particularly at CAGNY, and that's driving the core and adjacencies and channels. And you see the progress we're making against all three of those, obviously delivering sequential volume growth in the quarter. So we had five of the six divisions sequentially up in the first quarter. North America was down. But if you pull the Fabuloso recall out of the North America business, North America would have been up sequentially as well. And all of this plays back to our belief that the strategy clearly is working to deliver improved volume despite the fact that we continue to take significant pricing across all of our geographies and our categories. So quite frankly, we're very pleased with the progress we're seeing, and we expect sequential volume improvement as we move through the year to go fear. Now that is contemplated on a consumer environment that remains where it is. We shall see where the consumer goes relative to the level of inflation being absorbed in the marketplace, but we feel strongly that we've got the right portfolio of brands across price points, the right innovation, the right channel strategies, particularly where consumers are shopping today to continue to drive growth. Importantly, as we saw in the quarter, our Oral Care business was up double digit, and that's both positive pricing and positive volume in toothpaste, and we saw good share growth in the first quarter on toothpaste in North America. Good -- very strong share growth across Europe. Flat shares in Europe -- excuse me, in Latin America, and good share growth in Asia. So overall, we feel good about where we are from a consumption standpoint and the strategies that we're executing and expect sequential volume improvement as we move through the back half of the year. And as you said, pricing will get more challenging as we lap the back half. And certainly, in the second quarter, which was a strong quarter for us, where we had strong pricing and volume in that quarter, we'll expect a little bit of pullback from there. But overall, we feel good about the momentum we're behind the business right now.
Operator: Our next question today will come from Filippo Falorni of Citi.
Filippo Falorni : Can you talk about the consumer health in your key emerging markets? What are you seeing in terms of response to recent price increases? And then as you mentioned, like the second half, obviously, a lot of uncertainty. Maybe can you compare and contrast how do you see the consumer environment evolving in emerging markets compared to your more developed markets like the U.S. and Europe?
Noel Wallace : Yes. Emerging was strong. You saw obviously double-digit organic in the quarter. Sequentially, again, volumes performing better than they did in the first quarter. And if you look at the pricing that we've taken in emerging markets, over the last three quarters, quite frankly, we're pretty pleased with the fact that the volume sequentially continues to improve. Now that being said, we've got strong innovation in emerging markets and you've seen the level of advertising that we're putting back into the business. That gives us, again, confidence that we're able to sustain that advertising as we move into the back half of the year, and we intend to continue to do everything we can to increase that advertising support in the back half, particularly in emerging markets in order to: one, support the innovation we have; second, drive the pricing into the market and continue to accelerate volume growth in the category. So overall, emerging pretty good. We were really pleased with the progress in both Latin America, Africa and Asia, particularly in China, strong growth in all three of those regions, particularly in the key markets of Mexico, Brazil and China and South Africa. So good progress across emerging markets and shares holding up, a little more elasticity as you would expect given the level of pricing that we've taken in emerging markets. But overall, we feel pretty good about where we stand in that regard. As it relates to the second half, time will tell. As I mentioned upfront, we'll see the compounding impact of pricing across many categories as we move into the back half. And I expect a better balance between pricing and volume as we move through the back half, but we shall see. The good news is we've got strong innovation. We've got the pricing in the P&L, which is really important in order to get the flexibility that we need to drive the business in the back half of the year. And we feel we've got a good channel strategy to ensure, as I mentioned upfront, that we're capturing the omnichannel impact of how consumers are shopping today.
Operator: Next question will come from Peter Grom of UBS.
Peter Grom : Thanks, operator, and good morning, everyone. So I appreciate all the commentary on inflation in the prepared remarks. But maybe as a point of reference, Stan, is the $300 million to $400 million headwind that we discussed on the last call, is that still a reasonable range? And I guess what I'm trying to get at is the dollar impact from the 770 basis point headwind in the bridge, this morning youre you pretty close to that range from a dollar perspective. So -- and I realize there's more than just inflation in that line. But is there just any way to frame either what inflation was within that number? Or how to think about that component of the bridge more broadly as we move through the balance of the year?
Stan Sutula: Yes. Thanks, Peter. So first, as we look at that inflation level, that $300 million to $400 million range is still the range that we're seeing on commodities. But there's really a tail underneath this. And in particular, around ag that affects predominantly Hill's, those prices still remain elevated. We don't see a lot of relief coming on those, and we see that kind of continuing as we go through the year. That's the main driver of our range, which is why we haven't seen it come down more. If you look at the other categories, like we do for toothpaste, Home Care, Oral Care and Personal Care, those have moderated more, and that was reflected in our guidance for the year, and they stayed reasonably balanced. So as we look out -- remember, we're essentially locked in here for Q2. We have locking already in place for Q3 and a little bit less for Q4, I still that as the viable range going into the back end of the year.  Now what happens is on a year-on-year impact, we wrap around on the very significant increases last year. The pricing that we've taken helps to moderate this. And then as you saw, we had an exceptionally good start to Funding the Growth this year, and that has also helped to mitigate that. That gives us the confidence to say that we will increase margins as we go through the year despite the fact that we expect that the commodities are still going to be in this range due to inflation.
Operator: The next question will come from Kevin Grundy of Jefferies.
Kevin Grundy : Great. Thanks. Good morning, everyone. And congrats on a strong result here. Noel, question for you on reinvestment. So obviously, strong results here. You guys are getting the top line payback that you'd hoped for. You're seeing gross profit come through. You've made it a point since you come in -- since you came in, just increased advertising levels and seen that. The advertising and marketing as a percent of sales was high even by historical standards. That's a good thing, of course. How are you thinking about reinvestment levels should you exceed on gross profit? Number one. And then number two, realizing that it's top line payback and profit growth that's sort of driving the decisions and not necessarily as a percent of sales, but are you comfortable with where you are? I mean, it's high, 12% of sales is high relative to historical standards, which dipped to 9% at -- if we go back here to '15, '16 how are you thinking about that? How should we think about that as gross margin begins to improve?
Noel Wallace : Sure. Thanks, Kevin. Yes, we're really pleased with the level of advertising we're getting in the P&L, and that is obviously driven by the circular nature of how we're driving the business, obviously, more advertising is driving the top line, and we're able to get more leverage to the P&L to continue to support that. And we feel as we move out getting the pricing in the P&L was critically important to sustaining and increasing our levels of advertising. We've obviously moved more money into digital. We're seeing great ROIs on digital and our programmatic and the personalized content that we're delivering in the market. We're seeing growth in market shares relative to where we're spending the money, particularly around the Hill's business, and our Oral Care and Skin Health businesses. So we're really pleased with the fact that the advertising levels continue to deliver against the expectations that we have. And we balance that off with obviously a broad portfolio of offerings that we think are attracting and building the brands that we speak. We have high household penetration, with many of the brands around the world, our ability to drive reach and continue to sustain that reach is very, very important to the growth that we're seeing in the business. As we look forward, we would anticipate to continue to spend behind those businesses. We still have some businesses, in my view, need more support, particularly businesses in parts of Europe and some of the categories in the U.S., and we would expect to continue to fund those as we get more gross margin accretion through the back half of the year because we're seeing the results. And ultimately, the brand equity, which is obviously the big testament to the brand support and how are we getting what we want out of it continues to show a strengthening of our brands, and that bodes well for continuity and sustainability of the growth moving forward, and that's how we're kind of running that flywheel right now, continue to invest, drive leverage in the middle of the P&L, accelerate the top line and ultimately deliver better margins, better earnings per share for our shareholders.
Operator: Our next question will come from Olivia Tong of Raymond James.
Olivia Tong : I wanted to talk a little bit about gross margin. Clearly, Funding the Growth start of the year materially better than expected. I imagine it's a function of supply chains improving a bit, if you could expand on that a bit. And then usually, your savings contribution build as the year progresses. So should we assume sort of a regular quarterly cadence from here? Or is there something onetime-ish that happened this quarter to result in the strong Funding the Growth contribution?
Noel Wallace : Yes. Thanks, Olivia. This was very intentional. As we went through the back half of last year, we were deliberately looking to make sure that we have projects in place for the first half of this year in order to accelerate gross margin accretion given the inflationary pressures that we were seeing. In addition, I would say that we've done a lot of work on getting our facilities to run far more efficiently, whether that's the Hill's facilities where capacity utilization has come down, which has allowed us to put more funding to growth projects onto the line to determine their feasibility. We've had the teams, obviously, very much focused on the opportunities that we see in the first half in order to ensure that we get that gross margin back in quickly to once again sustain the advertising and the increases we want to see in the back half of the year. So it was deliberate and strategic to make sure that we got more of that funding to growth up front. And the teams have really done a wonderful job in that regard as you saw in the numbers and we would certainly expect that focus to continue as we move through the balance of the year. Let me throw it over to Stan. He'll give you a little bit more color on what we're seeing again around commodities and some of the other projects that we have underway, particularly around our global productivity initiative.
Stan Sutula: Yes. Thanks, Noel. And just a quick comment on the FTG. Noel highlighted that we had a very strong start here. That SKU, I think, is going to be a little bit different than prior years. In prior years, you saw build through the year. This was very deliberate. Supply chain has moderated in terms of the volatility around that. In particular, the Hill's team has actually had time to work on some of these as we've had a little bit better improvement in capacity utilization. So the strong start we have to the year, I think you should think that this will be more equal as you go through the year versus growing through the year, so from a SKU point of view. And this is important because as we look at the material cost, there's still going to be a headwind as we go through the year. So we need that to help offset that impact. And then we have our GPI program, we continue to get benefit from that. You saw a small charge in the quarter, but the team is driving productivity throughout the P&L, not just in the GP line, but also in the MBO line as we look for things to offset that material headwind.
Operator: Our next question today will come from Chris Carey of Wells Fargo Securities.
Chris Carey : Good morning. So Stan, I just wanted to confirm one comment about commodities. I think it was somewhat clear. But to Peter's question, just around the $300 million to $400 million range, is that what you're expecting for the full year from an inflation standpoint? And then just a little bit related on the North American operating margin that has been stepping up kind of sequentially and then slowed a little bit this quarter, obviously. I would have thought maybe with the transportation and logistics relief and building productivity and a little bit of easing inflation, maybe that can keep going, but I know there was obviously some noise with the North America business this quarter with recall and otherwise. So is there any way you can maybe just unpack that North America margin performance and where you see things going? So thanks for that clarification on commodities and the comment on North America.
Stan Sutula : So why don't I start here? North -- first, let's start with the commodities. So as we said, still $300 million to $400 million range on that impact. I don't see that moving a lot in the short term. And keep in mind, our locking, right? So we're already into almost May, so 2Q is largely locked. And as we go into the back half of the year, hopefully, we'll see a little bit of relief come through. But keep in mind, the closer we get, the more we lock in order to ensure we have supply. If we think about the North America margin and go through, so North America margins here still improved on a year-on-year basis. They also improved on a sequential basis. So as you look at the progress on what we're doing from a GP point of view, that's important. We do see some logistics benefits here. Logistics have come down versus the start of the year. But again, we start to lock in some of that activity. We've seen it mostly in the ocean side of logistics, which will certainly help the overall margin. And if you think about North America in total, clearly, Fabuloso recall had a impact in the quarter. That's getting largely behind us, so we expect that we'll see improvement as we go through the year.
Noel Wallace : Yes. Maybe a couple of things. So as Stan said, obviously, operating profit was up nicely, which has been the big focus for our North America business. We were up roughly 300 basis points on operating profit in the first quarter. So we feel we're making the right step, taking the right decisions and making the right progress against the middle of the P&L, particularly around gross profit and controlling our overheads and managing logistics. So that was an important element, and we're making sure that, that progress has been reinvested in the business. So a couple of other highlights on North America. Obviously, ex-Fabuloso, volume would have been up on the quarter, great quarter for toothpaste. Toothpaste was up double digit in the quarter for North America with growth, including volume growth on that business. Toothbrush is a little softer. You remember, we were lapping a resupply of our product last year and some out of stock from some of our competitors. So volumes were a bit down there. Personal Care, up high single digits. Home Care was soft, as we mentioned, due to the Fabuloso recall. But overall, really good progress. The other aspect to North America that I would call out is the significant progress we're making in non-measured channels. And again, this is part of our strategy of growing in faster-growth channels, where we saw significant growth in non-Nielsen channels, which was terrific for North America and has obviously helped to drive some of that top line growth. So overall, a good quarter for North America, very focused on the middle of the P&L moving forward, and we see opportunities, but the good news is we're seeing good progress on the top line, and that's translating to the P&L.
John Faucher : Just one point of clarification on that. North America volume would have been up sequentially from Q4 to Q1 performance from Q4 to Q1, not up year-over-year ex Fabuloso. And then, Stan, on the...
Stan Sutula : Yes, on the operating margin, it's up year-to-year versus fourth quarter, you see it's down about 100 basis points or so. And that's really driven by the Fabuloso impact, combined with the increased investment in advertising as we're bringing both innovation to market and supporting the pricing that we've taken in the market.
Operator: Our next question today will come from Nik Modi of RBC Capital Markets.
Nik Modi: If I could just ask a quick clarification on the raw material, the ag stuff. Stan, can you just give us any more detail on exactly what ags are causing the pressure and what's driving that? And then my broader question is Noel on the whitening innovation and just the whitening strategy. I'm just curious if you've done any halo work on the impact it has on the core Oral Care franchising or toothpaste. Any perspective around that would be helpful.
Noel Wallace : Sure. Let me -- Nik, let me take that, and then we'll have Stan get to some more specifics around the Hill's commodities and particularly the ag prices. Yes, the strategy that we have on whitening is very much about building the brand, particularly here if you take North America, the Optic White brand. And as we expanded into at-home whitening at very significant premium prices and the significant efficacy that those products deliver in the market and to the consumer, we've seen very nice halo impacts across the entire Optic White range as well as the Colgate brand. So the short answer to your question is, clearly, the halo effect is transferring to the entire Optic franchise as well as improving the Colgate brand.
Stan Sutula : Yes. And Nik, on the commodities, it's kind of across the board with most of the ag. So corn, wheat, soybean, the risk of the drought in the U.S. and the effect on crops, even though some other areas of the world are a little bit better, the risk of Ukraine, all has been pushing pressure on that. Don't forget as well that the protein side of this, things like chicken livers, et cetera, with some of the impacts that have been out there has all put pressure on Hill's. That remains the real driver of that $300 million to $400 million range.
Operator: The next question will come from Jason English of Goldman Sachs.
Jason English : Hey. Good morning, folks, and that's a great segue because I wanted to talk about Hill's actually on it. Good quarter, obviously, enough for Hill's with the profitability and the margins. We've lost over 1,000 basis points in margin in the last few years. I was hoping you could unpack the components of it, and the cadence at which you can recover, if you were to recover them. So how much are we looking at from the mix effects of recent acquisitions? And what's the cadence of bringing your capacity on there and improving that? How much is related to like the slack capacity, the underutilization of the assets that you're standing up and maybe some of the stress in the supply chain as a result of past utilization?  And then I think the third bucket and tell me if there's other buckets, I think the third bucket is the pricing at the cost. How large is that bucket of the roughly 1,000, and is it reasonable to think that could come back? And if so, when? Sorry for the multipart.
Noel Wallace : No. Thank you, Jason. So let me top line Hill's a bit, and then Stan can provide a little more of the specificity that you were looking for. But structurally and strategically, this business continues to perform very well, continued sequential improvement in volume and strong organic growth despite the difficult comps that we continue to come up again. So overall, pleased with the 14%. And again, that's 14% on 13% last year and pricing of 11.4% on 9% last year and obviously sequentially improvements in volumes. So a couple of things there. Stan will get into, obviously, the key drivers of the operating margin dilution, which would be the following. Obviously, ag cost, the manufacturing integration of the three Red Collar facilities plus the Italian facility that we have as we move through the variances associated with that. Red Collar in the current quarter is a significant portion of that, the private label business. We've continued to obviously significantly increased our advertising support. We said we would do that as we built up more capacity. That is very strategic and deliberate and we're seeing the results of that in the marketplace, particularly as we drive new innovation into the market, and we drive pricing in the market, the ability to sustain and elevate that moving forward is going to be largely driven by our ability to sustain the strong levels or even increase our advertising levels. As we look forward, strategically, margins will improve sequentially as we move through the back half of the year. Plant efficiencies will continue to deliver progress in that regard. We'll get the constraints out of our existing plants, which we're running at full throttle that will allow us to be far more efficient in those plants, put more Funding the Growth into those plants as we look forward. So overall, strategically, the business is doing very, very well, and we feel all the steps we've taken to improve capacity ultimately delivering good, strong line growth. We need to focus on the middle of the P&L, as you rightfully say, and the progress is there to do that.
Stan Sutula : Yes. Let me pick up here. So first, if you take a look, these investments in the business and if you look at the net sales, keep in mind, you go back just a couple of years ago, we're up well over $200 million quarter versus first quarter of 2021. So the investment in the brand is paying off. If we look at margin, the private label has -- what we said as a 90 basis point impact to the total company has slightly over 400 basis points impact to Hill's. So as you take a look at that margin impact, that is a material impact to Hill's on a GP basis. Now through time, that private label will wind down, and that will be over the next couple of years as we slowly wind down that contract and then backfill it with Hill's volume at Hill's margin. Now as we've already talked about, all of the raw material impact inflation has predominantly been against Hill's also impacting their margins. But keep in mind, they've taken significant pricing here over the last several quarters, and that is helping to mitigate this. And the fact that we're now, as the Red Collar facilities have come on, that's helping us manage utilization, not just a Red Collar but of the entire manufacturing footprint. That's enabled Hill's to contribute materially to the funding of the growth savings. So I think where Hill's is right now is well positioned. I think we'll see sequential improvement in margin as we go through the year. We're going to manage that carefully so we can continue to supply our clients and we saw material improvement in case fill rates coming out of first quarter.
Operator: Our next question will come from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane : I just -- I've got a quick clarification first for Stan. I think in the guidance, we talk about net interest expense maybe going higher than your original plan. So could you put some -- maybe if you can just put some color, put a number on that. And I'm assuming -- is this related to the refinancing? I think you refinanced some debt in March. So is it just related to the refinancing of the debt? Or is it exposure to like short-term financing variable rates? And then I have a follow-up.
Stan Sutula : Sure, Bryan. Thanks for the question. So first, on interest here as we look, this is -- well, we want to call it out because we saw rates going up, this is not a large number. So you should think around $20 million for the year. It's not really related to the first quarter debt issuance. We are very happy with that. We had very good demand on that bond. It's really the assumptions on the number of rate increases and predominantly in Europe. So as we look at the ECB and the changes there, the slight difference to what we had anticipated coming into the year. As we all know, that's a moving target, and it's going to depend on inflation moves to central banks, but that's our best guess right now. So that's a modest impact for the year.
Bryan Spillane : Okay. Great. And then a question for Noel. Just you talked about, I guess, risks in the second half. And maybe if we just kind of think about that at a higher level, it sounded to me from listening to the Q&A and reading the prepared remarks that a lot of that risk is what the consumer may or not do, less so than concerns about volatility in input costs or supply chains? And risk has got a lot of definitions, right? So if you could just maybe talk a little bit about like what the specific risks are and maybe how Colgate is in a position to manage that risk maybe a little bit more -- with a little bit more agility than maybe was the case two years ago?
Noel Wallace : Bryan, thank you. So clearly, the consumer environment is the one that's the big unknown, I think, to everyone. And that's been a consistent theme through the first quarter print by most in terms of what's really going to happen in the back half and the compounding impact of pricing. I'll address the fact that historically, when we've seen significant inflation in our categories, we weathered those periods really, really well, a combination of great value-oriented innovation and the fact that our -- the breadth of our portfolio at various price points affords us the opportunity to really push different segments at the appropriate time anywhere around the world. So we're pleased with that. We're also pleased with the fact that you tend to see in times like this, a squeeze in the middle of the category with premium growing and the value growing, and that's been our focus, quite frankly. Premium has been the key focus for us, and we're seeing great progress, particularly across our Toothpaste business in new channels and at the premium end of the market, and we obviously have a very strong base business that is well positioned based on some of the relaunches we have. Raw and packing materials, we shall see, we've seen a stabilization across at least the Colgate side, you've heard a lot about the ag prices that continue to elevate, but we've seen a stabilization on those as we move. So we've got more predictability on that. Hence, the reason why we felt more confident the raise in guidance across multiple dimensions there because we see a little bit more transparency to that. As Stan mentioned, we've got some contracts that will obviously come off. Now the unknown there is what our suppliers would do. They're facing rising wage inflation, and we'll have to deal with that as it comes, particularly in the second half of the year relative to how they decide to adjust pricing on some of the key commodities that we will ultimately be purchasing. The other aspect is China. We will see where China impacts not only the Asia business, but the world, quite frankly. We expect obviously a slow progress in that market. I don't expect it to be vertical. I expect it to be a progress from quarter-to-quarter. We have not seen the travel retail business come back yet, and that is an expectation that we will probably see in the second half of 2023, not in the first half, but we shall see. Now we'll get into Asia and China, I'm sure as the Q&A progresses, but we had obviously a very strong quarter there, and we think we're well positioned as that economy comes back to deliver on it. The last is foreign exchange. That clearly is always a risk. We -- as you saw in the prepared remarks with low single-digit foreign exchange impact through the P&L, we'll see where that moves. The Latin American currencies have come back a little bit here as has the euro, but it's been very volatile, and we'll adjust to that going forward. But that has been a big driver in the past as you know, but we think we're well positioned right now from the fact again, of getting strong pricing into the P&L, both in the fourth quarter and the first quarter.
Operator: Our next question will come from Lauren Lieberman of Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman : Two questions sort of like everybody else. But the first was is just pretty basic. And I was curious if you could offer any perspective on volume performance by category that you've seen? I know that's not typically something you discuss. But as we kind of think about that path forward and that shift in the -- towards a more balanced revenue algorithm, I was just curious where you stand on kind of volume growth by segment. And then the other question was, Noel, in your prepared remarks, you mentioned something about knowing the competitive environment would be difficult. And I just -- we haven't heard that from a lot of other companies, and I didn't know if it was sort of a particularly pointed comments or just a general commentary on your ability to compete and confidence in the innovation pipeline and advertising support. So just curious on a little bit more color behind that -- I mean, sorry, on the competitive environment.
Noel Wallace : Sure. Thanks, and good morning, Lauren. Let me take the second question first. The competitive environment will likely intensify particularly as you see costs come down, and that will be a function of both local brands and private label getting more aggressive. The good news is our categories. If you take North America and private label, we're benign, no progress in private label shares. So to speak, with the exception of a little bit in liquid hand soap and a little bit cleaner, a little bit more acute of private label growth in Europe. As you saw price discrepancies or the gap between private label and global brands increase, we'll see how that translates in the back half as we expect them to have to take pricing in the first quarter as we did as well. So we think local brands in private label likely to elevate in terms of their competitive nature in the back half. And as costs to stay flat in the back half, which is what I think we're hearing from most, we expect the competitive environment to increase in that regard. Obviously, you'll see more promotional volumes probably come into the category, but it's been quite constructive so far. I will say that, but we need to anticipate that things could worsen based on where the costs are, and we're well prepared for that. On your first question, volumes. So category volumes, if I take just the market volumes in general, flat to slightly negative across most of the world on the volume side, obviously, driven by the fact that there's so much pricing that's gone into both Oral Care, Personal Care and Home Care. If you look at us specifically, really strong growth on the Oral Care side, as I talked about, double-digit growth across most markets in Toothpaste, good volume progress in most markets on Toothpaste. So we're really pleased with what we're seeing there. Personal Care up mid- to high single digits depending on the marketplace. Both from a pricing standpoint, a little bit more challenged on the volume side given the strong pricing we've taken there, particularly in categories like liquid hand soap and bar soap. And on Home Care, mid-single digits to low single digits in terms of growth, depending on the marketplace. And that one has experienced a little more elasticity, particularly around the cleaner side of the business where we've seen more price competitiveness in that side of the business and a little bit more trade down. But overall, again, sequentially up and really pleased with sequentially up, given the fact that we had a lot more pricing in this quarter than we had in the fourth quarter. So good progress overall. We'll have to watch the volumes carefully, and we're all over that.
Operator: Our next question will come from Mark Astrachan of Stifel.
Mark Astrachan : I wanted to ask about EBIT margin in North America and Europe. If you take a look at where you are today versus where you were a few years ago, it seems like it's outside of Hill's, one of the biggest drop-offs relative to historical levels. I appreciate inflation, FX, et cetera, but it also seems like maybe those markets are a little bit more competitive than some of the others. Is it levels of spend that is potentially impacted that? And kind of how do you think about progression of margins? Is it realistic to think that you could eventually know sort of timeline around that to get back to those levels? Why or why not would be helpful.
Noel Wallace : Yes. Thanks, Mark. Yes, your answer is clearly around the spending. That's the answer. The spending is up quite notably in North America, that's very strategic. We see that as a growth market for us moving forward, not only on the top line but on the bottom line. We really wanted to reinvest behind the business in some of our brands, and we're clearly demonstrating that as we've gone through the last couple of quarters. Getting gross profit in the middle of the P&L sorted out in North America. It's clearly been a key focus, and we've had good gross profit progress in North America. We're getting better overhead leverage through the P&L. We're getting a lot better efficiency in our plants, and so we'll see that translating moving forward. But we will continue to invest behind that business moving forward to drive the top line. Europe, a little bit driven, obviously, by the foreign exchange environment to a certain extent and obviously, more increased inflation in Europe than we've seen in other markets around the world, particularly around the high gas prices and the fall-off effects of higher gas prices, and some of the raw materials that we purchased into our European plants. So overall, there's been a little bit more pressure there. But again, we've taken strong pricing in the back half of 2022, and pleased that we were able to execute our pricing in the first quarter of 2023 towards the latter end of the quarter, and we'll see that benefit us as we move forward. So overall, your observation is correct. We feel -- we've got a good handle of getting the gross margins and the operating profits up sequentially as we move through the back half of the year and importantly, sustaining or increasing our advertising levels to continue to drive the top line.
Operator: Our next question will come from Stephen Powers of Deutsche Bank.
Stephen Powers : Just a couple of cleanups, I guess. Just the first one on -- just on the Fabuloso recall just because I've received some confusion in my inbox during the call. Just is there a way to quantify what the impact was in the quarter? And does that reverse out as a benefit in the second quarter? That's question number one. Question number two, on the logistics topic. I don't know if there's a way to quantify what the benefit was or how you're thinking about the expected benefit over the course of the year, but that would be helpful as well.  And then the last piece is I guess it kind of builds on Jason's question on Hill's margins, but I was -- specifically on the Tonganoxie plant, just where that is and what the time line is to get that up to scale? And just is that a material driver of the margin bridge as well? Or is it more on the margin?
Noel Wallace : Great. Thanks, Stephen. Let me take the Fabuloso and the Hill's question, and I'll have Stan come back to you on logistics. So the Fabuloso impact was Q1. It was a material impact to the North America volume line. We're not going to quantify that, but it was quite significant to the volume performance in North America. That is behind us as we move through into the second quarter. So we'll see the benefits of the Fabuloso business coming back into the P&L as we move forward. Again, if you take the Fabuloso business out of the North America number, they were up sequentially versus the fourth quarter of 2022 in volume. So it was a very time-driven event in the first quarter. And the good news is that's behind us. Tonganoxie progressing, as you know, strategically, that's a very important plant for us given the strong demand we have on the wet side of the business at Hill's and our inability to supply the current demand for wet products all around the world. So getting that plant up and running will be strategic for the continued growth of that business. That will happen towards the tail end of the third quarter. And we anticipate, obviously, we'll have some start-up costs associated with that as we move through the transition of that facility. But overall, we should see that benefit us moving into 2024, particularly at the margin line as our wet business is margin accretive to us and will certainly benefit the Hill's business longer term.
Stan Sutula : Yes. So let me pick up on logistics here. So you saw logistics was 9.5% of sales. And if we look -- it's been incremental headwind to our overheads. Remember, it's in our overheads and SG&A for several years. And in Q4, we saw the first year-on-year decline as a percent of sales in 12 quarters, and it was down again this quarter, and we expect it to be down for the year. I expect as we kind of look out through the remainder of the year, it's going to come down slightly. I don't see it coming down materially. So we're at 9.5% now. I still think it will probably start with the 9% as we go through the remainder of the year. So certainly a help year-on-year, but as we kind of look out through the rest of the year, I think that's how you should think about as a percent of sales, it will moderate and stay just above 9%.
Operator: Our next question will come from Robert Ottenstein of Evercore ISI.
Robert Ottenstein : Great. Two follow-ups. First one, a quick one. You mentioned that the -- you were very strong in non-measured channels in North America. Was that more e-commerce or club stores? And can you give us some metrics around that? That would be helpful. And then my core question is really on the advertising spend pickup, 14%, it's a big number. You mentioned for the full year that you would be up absolutely and as a percent of sales, so can you give us a little bit more sense of where that money is going? Is it more innovation and longer-term focused or maybe more short term? And then following into that, do you expect to see this elevated level going forward, either because you have very high return projects or you need to catch up, just trying to get a sense of what the income statement may look like longer term?
Noel Wallace : Sure, yes. Good morning, Rob. Let me take both those questions. First, on the non-measured channels. Again, this plays back to the strategy that we've been talking about for quite a few years now. And certainly, I highlighted again at CAGNY that we are very focused on growing channels that particularly are not measured by Nielsen, which are the faster growth channels, as you mentioned, e-commerce, club stores, discount stores, value discount stores. Some of the big box stores that we're seeing emerge in Latin America. So overall, in some of the new obviously platforms that we're seeing coming out of China, so this has been strategic and deliberate for us. And if you take the North America number, we've seen significant growth in non-measured channels to the tune of 4x to 5x what we're getting in measured channels. So obviously, good growth there. The key is to sustain that growth. Our e-commerce business was up double digit in the quarter, now roughly 14% of our total sales. So overall, and we're seeing good share growth in those businesses. In fact, if you take some of the progress we're seeing in China, very much driven by the strong e-commerce shares that we had. I demonstrated that at CAGNY. And in fact, since CAGNY, we've continued to increase our e-commerce shares in China, and likewise, in the brick-and-mortar business. So overall, we feel the strategy is working for us. Again, largely driven by the fact that we're supporting our businesses. We're using a wide spread of different mediums to grow brand awareness and brand penetration. Obviously, TV for a lot of reach and frequency given the scale and scope of our brands in many markets, but really fine-tuning behind our digital transformation, our ability to drive higher ROI spending in the digital space. And clearly, as we see more ROI coming, we see continued growth in terms of penetration, in terms of consumption, and in terms of ultimately delivering share growth and category growth for our retailers, we'll continue to elevate our spending. We're measuring it very quickly. This is not just for the sake of increasing spending. We want to be sure and absolutely deliberate and making sure that the spending is returning back to the brands, driving category growth. So there's not a specific number we're aimed at, Rob. We're looking to obviously continue to accelerate and sustain the top line and grow the health of our brands and we're seeing good results from the strategy we've put in the marketplace.
Operator: Our next question today will come from Fulvio Cazzol of Berenberg.
Fulvio Cazzol : Mine is on the medium-term outlook for the Pet Nutrition category. How should we think about the medium-term growth prospects as the tailwinds ease from increased pet ownership during COVID, et cetera. And I was also interested in your view on the competitive standpoint, like if you're making some investments on capacity. And I think some of your peers are making significant investments. I think Nestle is doing quite a bit on manufacturing. Is there a risk that the supply-demand balance turns less favorable in the coming years and result in softening industry pricing power? So that's my question.
Noel Wallace : Yes. Thank you very much. Let me take -- let me answer a couple of ways on the first part. First, obviously, coming through COVID, pet adoptions increased quite significantly. Those pets will continue to obviously age, and we will have, obviously, therapeutic and wellness products delivered for an aging pet population. So we feel good about that. You will recall, we've talked about the low brand penetration and brand awareness of the Hill's franchise. So we feel even if the market softens a bit, which we have not necessarily seen a little softness in volume, but not necessarily in value, as you see premiumization continuing to grow the market today. We feel we have the right portfolio of brands to continue to grow in the right investment strategy, hence, the aggressiveness of the advertising to ensure we're building brand awareness and penetration off the lower levels that we have today. And we also feel we've got opportunities internationally that we have yet to exploit given some of the capacity constraints that we have. And so we'll continue to obviously go after those moving forward. We feel -- I can't address the capacity issues or where the capacity is in the market. We're obviously putting capacity for our business. And we see that, obviously, as a real plus for us as we move forward, not only to drive better efficiencies in the plants that we currently produce in. But as we bring Tonganoxie up to line as we bring the Italian facility up to speed relative to our recipes, we feel we have real growth opportunities to continue to expand those segments where we weren't competing nearly as aggressively in the past. And so overall, that will not only drive our business but will drive the category as well, given the levels of support that we'll continue to bring to our retailers.
Operator: Our last question today will come from Andrea Teixeira of JPMorgan.
Andrea Teixeira : Noel, Stan, I appreciate the sequential improvement in volumes that you called out worldwide. Are you still seeing a premiumization playing out, starting to see consumer down trade into the entry level price points in some parts of the world. I know mix is part of your volume numbers. So I was wondering if you can speak apples-to-apples into the volume increase that you're seeing sequentially. And then a clarification on the Latin America and in European, including EMEA. I understood the share stabilized, especially in LatAm. But assuming it was mostly value share, given that, obviously, you're the leader and you're leading in pricing. So how about the volume share in those regions? And how are you seeing that play out as you progress, especially as you over SKU in Personal Care, in particular hand soap and the other categories within that sub-category?
Noel Wallace: Yes. Thanks for the question. Clearly, as we've seen in prior challenging the markets with a lot of inflation, you kind of have the tale of two cities, which is the premium segment continues to grow and that's the area where we're under-indexed in. So clearly, that's fueling a lot of our advertising investment and our channel strategies, particularly in Oral Care and in the Skin Health business. So we see that segment continuing to grow. The middle getting squeezed a bit and the lower end with the point you made, a little bit more trade down into the lower end. Now remember that some of our lower end businesses, while the absolute margin dollars might be lower, the margin percent might be as good or better than some of our premium segments. So overall, we feel pretty good about the mix of our business, and that continues to be, in our view, a real advantage for our portfolio relative to the breadth of our portfolio. Relative to volume shares, particularly in the emerging markets, we have taken significant pricing in emerging markets. And we clearly done that to ensure we get the flexibility in the P&L as quickly as we possibly can, that we sustain the advertising numbers or increase them to drive the innovation and deliver the pricing, particularly for the premium side of the market. We've seen a little trade down, particularly more in the Home Care businesses. The cleaners segment, I would point out in the dish segment, a little bit of trade down, particularly in Latin America. Personal Care, holding up okay. Bar soap tends to be more price elastic than many of our categories. But we've seen a lot of constructive pricing from our competition. So there hasn't been a significant amount of trade down to private label as of yet, but we'll watch that very carefully. So Home Care a little bit more challenged, particularly around the Cleaner segment worldwide and Personal Care in the Bar Soap segment. Oral Care looks okay, as I mentioned, were up by double digit in Toothpaste with both positive pricing and positive volume.
Operator: This concludes the Q&A portion of our call. I will now return the call to Noel Wallace, Colgate's Chairman, President and CEO, for any closing remarks.
Noel Wallace : Yes. Thanks, everyone, for your interest in our company. And let me just extend a personal thanks to the 34,000 Colgate people who have worked tirelessly to deliver a stronger momentum in the first quarter, getting us off to a strong start for the year. We greatly appreciate their steadfast resolve and the innovation that they're bringing to the market and the strong execution. So I look forward to talking to everyone in the second quarter. Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. We thank you for attending today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-01-27 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to todays Colgate-Palmolive 2022 Fourth Quarter and Year End Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgatepalmolive.com. Now for opening remarks, Id like to turn this call over to Chief Investor Relations Officer and Senior Vice President, M&A, John Faucher.
John Faucher: Thanks, Allison. Good morning. And welcome to our 2022 fourth quarter and full year earnings release conference call. This is John Faucher. Todays conference call will include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from these statements. Please refer to the earnings press release and related prepared materials, and our most recent filings with the SEC, including our 2021 annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings, all available on Colgates website, for a discussion of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these statements. This conference call will also include a discussion of non-GAAP financial measures, including those identified in tables eight and nine of the earnings press release. A full reconciliation to the corresponding GAAP financial measures is included in the earnings press release and is available on Colgates website. Joining me on the call this morning are Noel Wallace, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Stan Sutula, Chief Financial Officer. Noel will provide you with his thoughts on our Q4 results and our 2023 outlook. We will then open it up for Q&A. Noel?
Noel Wallace: Thanks, John, and thank you all for joining us this morning and I wish all of you a very Happy New Year. So I mostly wanted to focus on the year ahead today, as I think we are well positioned to deliver strong results in 2023, even as we plan for a difficult macroeconomic environment and continued uncertainty. That said, as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, we are pleased with the progress we made in 2022. We delivered organic sales growth in all four of our categories, including double-digit organic sales growth in Pet Nutrition and high single-digit organic growth in Oral Care. 2022 was our fourth straight year of delivering organic sales growth either in line or ahead of our 3% to 5% long-term target range and we delivered within or ahead of that range in every quarter over that time period, 16 consecutive quarters in all. And is the continuing strengthening of our strategy that has allowed us to grow consistently through different operating environments, as each year has presented its own challenges and its opportunities. But if we stay focused on driving the core, leveraging our capabilities across our portfolio, innovating in faster growth adjacencies and tapping into faster growth channels and markets, we will continue to grow. And in 2023, as we continue to execute on our strategy, we expect to accelerate earnings growth and generate incremental cash flow to drive shareholder value. Why are we well positioned for this year despite all of the uncertainty in the world today? It starts with our portfolio. We operate in four highly focused categories. Growing categories that consumers use every day and where they look to trusted brands to help themselves and their pets lead healthier lives. The focus on healthier lives means these consumers are motivated by science-driven innovation with professional endorsement, which is an area of particular strength for us. And the importance of trust in our categories helps keep private label penetration relatively low and allows for premiumization behind differentiated benefits. And within these categories, we have strong market shares. With most of our revenues coming from brands that have a number one or number two market shares on a global basis. The second reason is our focus on building, sharing and scaling capabilities to drive growth. I will continue to talk about our digital transformation as it impacts everything we do. This year we benefited from continued efficiencies in our digital media spending through data-driven modeling. Our efforts on innovation need to deliver over the long-term, not just the launch year, and we have shifted our resources to deliver more breakthrough and transformational innovation. In our prepared commentary, we talked about the share gains we are seeing in the whitening segment of the toothpaste category. Its a long-term strategy of launching Optic White Renewal and then Optic White Pro Series in the U.S. or our new MPS whitening technology where we are launching around the world, which leverages our superior R&D capabilities to drive long-term share growth. And on top of that, we continue to launch at-home whitening and professional whitening products to enhance our credibility and expand our presence in the premium segment. And our focus on building revenue growth management capabilities, particularly through increased use of data and analytics is driving our pricing growth in ways beyond just list price increases. And the third reason is our strong balance sheet. Our combined financial resources provide us the flexibility to reinvest in our portfolio or pursue value-enhancing acquisitions like our pet food acquisitions, which enables us to drive faster growth. The final reason we are well positioned is the efforts we have put into offsetting the extraordinary cost increases we have seen over the past several years. We have driven consistent pricing and we look to take additional pricing in the first half of this year. Our Funding the Growth program delivered another strong year in 2022 and we expect even higher levels of savings in 2023. We announced our global productivity initiative one year ago and we began to see the benefits in our numbers in the second half of 2022. We expect even greater savings in 2023 to help fund investment and drive operating margin expansion. So we believe we are well prepared for 2023, but theres still a lot of uncertainty in the world. The macroeconomic environment outlook remains volatile, which can impact consumer spending. China remains a question mark as the country emerges from COVID lockdowns. While raw materials and foreign exchange remain headwinds, they look less onerous now. But as we learned last year, that can change quickly. So we head into 2023 with topline momentum and a proven strategy, with the right brands, the right capabilities and the right efficiency drivers to deliver topline growth and improve our bottomline performance. And with that, I will turn it over to the questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question today will come from Dara Mohsenian from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Dara Mohsenian: Hey, guys. I just wanted to touch on the organic sales growth guidance for next year coming off a strong Q4 result and the strong pricing we are seeing. I am assuming more than all of that perhaps is driven by pricing and volumes will be down slightly, A, maybe is that correct, and then B, it just be helpful to get a bit of commentary on each of those areas. What are you seeing from a competitive standpoint on the pricing front, and then B, as you think about volume and the demand elasticity you are seeing from a consumer standpoint to pricing, any changes sequentially at all and how are you feeling about that front heading into 2023 here? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Yeah. Thanks, Dara. Good morning. So, again, lets recap quickly, obviously, the strong topline growth or organic growth that we have seen across the business. We are very pleased, obviously, with finishing the year with strong momentum. Obviously, the pricing that we put into the P&L, particularly if you look on a two-year stack basis up to 15.5%, so sequentially up as we moved out of the quarter. So we have continued to take a lot of pricing and we will continue to see the benefits of that as we move into 2023. Volume continues to be a challenge across the world, as you have heard, I think, throughout the earnings season, categories have pulled back and thats expected given the magnitude of pricing that we have seen go into all geographies around the world. Our sense is will see continued pricing in the first half of this year, which we think will have a drag on volumes for the categories that we have seen particularly in the back half of this year, but that will begin to improve in the second half of the year. .  I think the other aspect on the organic guidance is really a question mark on the economic vibrance of the various markets around the world. We have seen Europe obviously under significant pressure with double-digit inflation. Categories have been soft. Elasticity is a little bit higher in Europe than the rest of the world. Obviously, China is a big question mark. Infection rates remain high. Yeah, a lot of euphoria about China reopening, but as you have seen in the fourth quarter, volumes have been very soft in China for the categories in which we compete, and we see that continuing, quite frankly, in the first quarter, that will improve as we move through the back half of the year to be sure. But that will bring, I think, a question mark to everyone in terms of uncertainty on where China goes and the impact that has. Pricing will need to continue to go through the categories in the first half of this year. As we announced in the prepared remarks, we will be taking more pricing and theres a real question mark, given the magnitude of the pricing that we have seen in the back half of 2022 and the pricing implementation in 2023, the impact that we will have on the consumer. So far, if I give an overarching comment to elasticities, they have been very much in line with where we have expected. So, overall, we think we feel good about the organic range. We feel very confident that we are within that range and if things continue to stay where they are and we continue to see the share growth that we are seeing across the world and the response to our innovation, hopefully we could be at the top end of that range or better.
Operator: Our next question today will come from Andrea Teixeira from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Andrea Teixeira: Thank you and Happy New Year to you too. So I have a broader question on volumes. On the minus 4% globally, which compares, I guess, favorably to some of your competitors that reported so far. What was the impact of retail destocking, if any, in Filorga. I mean I appreciate you put it in the prepared remarks, obviously impacted more Europe. So I was wondering if you can kind of breach that gap. And also a good segue from your last comments, Noel, on Europe, you have said obviously more pressured. What are the -- and I understand that it was mostly Personal Care and hand soap. Is there anything you can add to that in terms of like the exit rate and also the exit rate for China? Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Thanks, Andrea. Good morning. So let me talk a little bit about volume performance around the world and more sequentially as we went through the quarter. Volume improved in the fourth quarter versus third quarter and that volume improvement came despite obviously an incremental point of advertising, excuse me, of pricing, which you saw at 12.5%. So, overall, we are pretty pleased. Some of the drawbacks on volume, as we discussed in the prepared remarks, obviously, skin health had a challenging quarter from inventory reductions, particularly in the online world. We saw those inventory reductions, particularly here in the North America business, and obviously, a significant inventory and volume softness in China due to COVID on the Filorga business. So that really pulled down quite a bit of the volume. You obviously have the Russia impact, which we would quantify to roughly around 30 basis points. Elasticity, as I mentioned early on, were very much in line and consistent around the world, slightly higher elasticities in Europe, but that should be expected and consistent with history, but very much in line with where we expected. A little bit more inventory reduction in India than we expected, particularly in the rural as the rural business has not come back nearly as quickly as we anticipated in the fourth quarter. We expect that, though, to come back in 2023. So, overall, that was very much driven by some inventory reductions we saw on skin, a little bit in the drug classic [ph] trade in the U.S. Likewise, the softness that we saw -- a continued softness we saw in the China skincare business. But, overall, volumes improved versus the third quarter and to a certain extent, more or less where we expected. We did not expect a further deceleration of inventory pullback in the U.S. on the skin business. So in terms of exit rates for Europe, if I characterize Europe in general, a strong share growth across the Board and mid-to-high single-digit organic sales growth in Oral Care and in Home Care, which as you rightfully pointed out, was offset by the weakness in Personal Care, which was principally Filorga, China. But, overall, shares are strong in Europe. We seem to be getting our pricing through. Negotiations continue to go quite well. However, categories have been rather soft in Europe given the amount of pricing that, that market has experienced and the sheer inflation that the European economies are incurring today. So, overall, I feel pretty good about Europe. The good news is the shares are strong and we are getting the pricing through and we feel we are set up for a good year in 2023.
Operator: Our next question will come from Kaumil Gajrawala from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Kaumil Gajrawala: Hi. Good morning. On your commentary on shares
Noel Wallace: Good morning, Kaumil.
Kaumil Gajrawala: Hi. On your commentary on share, you seem quite pleased with share trends. Can you maybe just dig into that a little bit volume versus value, are your shares -- do your shares look -- are you equally as happy with your share in volume terms as opposed to in value?
Noel Wallace: Sure. I just characterized Europe, where we felt very good about where we ended up, particularly in Oral Care. North America, as you have seen the data, we are up or flat in eight to 12 categories. Importantly, good -- very strong Oral Care growth both in the year and in the quarter, so pretty good there. Latin America shares in general are flat and we feel good about where we are from a Latin America standpoint, given the sheer amount of pricing that we have taken. I think thats a representative of some of the strong innovation that we put into the market in the back half. Asia, I will characterize it as quite strong, particularly the e-commerce business, a little softness in the brick-and-mortar business. But, overall, e-commerce continues to perform very, very well and Africa, Middle East, strong as well. So, overall, we feel very good about the momentum we have had on market shares in value terms. Volume pretty much consistent with that, a little softer, particularly in Europe on the volume side in terms of our volume shares, and thats, I think, response to just the sheer amount of pricing that we have taken in that market. And as I mentioned earlier, obviously, a little softness in the Asian markets on volume, a lot of value going through those markets in general in the categories has been quite soft, but our volume shares in Asia seem to be holding up okay.
Operator: The next question is from Chris Carey of Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Chris Carey: Hi. Good morning.
Noel Wallace: Good morning.
Chris Carey: Noel, if I just take your comments around some incremental pricing, I think, you said, productivity is expected to accelerate, if I look at raw material outlook of several hundred million of inflation and Red Collar, the gross margin negative impact should be easing sequentially. I am coming up with potentially significant gross margin expansion and I realize reality is often so much different than what we can see in the models. But I wonder if you can just maybe help frame that a bit more for me, because it does imply maybe you are leaving some room for investment. But, again, perhaps, I am missing something in this -- in the development of the key drivers here and I wonder if you could just help clarify that a bit more for me? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Yeah. Let me take the kind of strategically how we position the P&L particularly around growth and investment and then I will let Stan take you through some of the constructs on how we built internally gross margin and operating margins. As you rightly said, we are really pleased with the operating margin improvement that we are seeing moving through the P&L and that will continue allowing us to fund more advertisers. So as the prepared remarks indicated, we intend to continue to invest behind the business and we have seen great response to the strategy that we have executed over the last couple of years. Obviously, the core adjacencies and channels behind increased investment is driving very strong organic growth in the category and up 5% dollar in the quarter despite significant foreign exchange headwinds. We talked obviously through the back half of this year, the need to continue to invest in Hills business once we had more capacity coming online, and that has obviously started to happen in the fourth quarter, and we expect that to obviously continue as we move into 2023. So we will continue to accelerate our investments in the Hills business in order to reap the benefits of the incremental capacity that we have. Good momentum on Oral Care and strong innovation and a lot of pricing that we have taken across a broad section of categories and we want to ensure that we have the investment there to generate to get the pricing seated in the marketplace and continue to drive consumption growth for our retailers. So, overall, it will be another year of good investment, a good share growth we expected, and obviously, good topline growth coming through the P&L. Let me turn it over to Stan to kind of take you through how we bridged some of the aspects around gross margin and operating margin.
Stan Sutula: Sure. Thanks, Noel. And on gross profit margin, you started to see some progress, right? North America, Latin America and Africa, Eurasia, you saw improvements in the operating margin in the fourth quarter. As we look at gross profit, Noel, highlighted the pricing, that significant flow-through will help in 2022. The productivity will be a tailwind here and while material and Ranpak in particular will still be a headwind that moderates coming off of 2022. So, as you look at gross profit margin expansion, thats going to be a benefit. But keep in mind, as you work down, we are going to have investments in advertising. We expect to increase that on a dollars and percent of sales. But also keep in mind, as you go down the income statement that interest expense is going to be up year-to-year. Thats driven predominantly by increase in rates and also by slightly increased debt levels as we carry Red Collar in for the full year. And also taxes, so taxes around the world, in particular in recessionary environments, potentially being out there, we expect our tax position will be slightly higher on a year-on-year basis. So, while the operating margin or EBIT margin we expect will be up nicely, that will be partially offset by interest and taxes, delivering low-to-mid single-digit EPS growth.
Operator: Our next question today will come from Peter Grom of UBS. Please go ahead.
Peter Grom: Thanks, Operator, and good morning, everyone. So I wanted to ask on the gross margin as well, which for the quarter was a bit of a surprise. So in your prepared remarks, you mentioned a number of key drivers as to why it came in below your expectations. But can you maybe unpack where the biggest variance was, whether it be sales mix, commodities versus some of these startup costs and manufacturing variances? And then just maybe following up on Chris question, when we think about the path-forward, you mentioned several hundred million dollars of inflation for raw materials and packaging. Is there any way to kind of frame that, is that $300 million to $400 million, is it something higher? I just think its kind of important to understand kind of the gross margin bridge as we think about next year? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Sure. As you saw in the fourth quarter, obviously, a continued difficult environment in terms of raw material inflation, another 900 basis points on top of what we had in the third quarter in terms of a headwind on gross profit. A good percentage of that continues to be ag prices, which obviously, have continued to move south on us. And in fact, if you look at the first half versus second half, Peter, ag prices were up 25%. So, obviously, that continued to impact the Hills business. On top of that, as we integrated the three Red Collar facilities and began transitioning some of the high capacity volume business that we had in our own plants. We obviously incurred some startup costs and some variances moving through the P&L that obviously impacted margin in the quarter as well. And then Id also characterize, as I mentioned, that obviously, the inventory reductions we saw in skin health and the drag from China on the skin health business likewise had a mix impact in the quarter. With that, let me turn it over to Stan to see if he has any more information in terms of how he wants -- we want to characterize how we are thinking about raw materials for next year.
Stan Sutula: Yeah. The raw materials continue, as Noel highlighted, to be a headwind for us and your range is probably in the right ballpark here as you think about that on a year-on-year basis. But I would emphasize, it has been volatile. So things have moved up and down pretty significantly here, and in particular, the agriculture and how that applies to Hills, those have not moderated, up in the second half, as Noel talked about at 25%, and as we look ahead, we think that will continue to be the primary headwind in raw and pack. The other volatile one is natural gas. Now fortunately, thats been a benefit here in terms of moderating in the late second half and fourth quarter. But we expect that could be volatile as well heading into particularly the back half of 2023. So a combination of those two primarily we think are the drivers as you look at raw impact going into the year. Now we have laid out our pricing actions and are funding the growth savings that we look to drive, combined with our productivity. And I will just mention Red Collar will moderate, but its still going to be an impact on a full year basis and its important to realize that. So that will moderate through the year on a full year basis, it will still be an impact on overall gross margin.
Operator: Our next question today is from Kevin Grundy of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Kevin Grundy: Hey. Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Question for Noel and then perhaps, John, you may want to jump in on this as well. Just with respect to the impairment charge on the skin care assets and just more broadly, how this may be informing the view around capital deployment. So we can all appreciate the noncash charge. Not hugely surprising, you guys have been pretty open about some of the challenges in the business also realized higher rates when you perform the impairment test so all that kind of makes sense. But I guess just given this dynamic, it sort of back to the question, does it give you any pause in terms of how you stress the assets that you may be looking at, broadly does it increase your bias towards internal investment and returning cash to shareholders versus M&A? And then maybe perhaps just from an M&A perspective, an update on any books broadly that you may be seeing and whether private market values have started to come in a bit given higher rates and what we see in the public markets? So thanks for all that.
Noel Wallace: Sure and good morning, Kevin. I think you characterized that well. So let me just recap quickly a couple aspects of skin health and I will turn it over to Stan and John for the second part of your question. The impairment was obviously based on three issues. The biggest change is our outlook on growth in China. You have seen, I think, external numbers that the Beauty segment has taken a significant hit in the last three months to six months, in fact, imports were down 20%. And given the prolonged impact of COVID in China, particularly as it impacts travel retail, which were a significant portion of our businesses, we obviously then decided to rebase the outlook in years going forward and particularly 2023 in a much more conservative position to ensure that we can deliver on the growth aspects moving forward. Secondly, the situation in China regarding tourism around the world, as you followed our business on Filorga, it really went with Chinese travel, and as Chinese travel opens up potentially in the back half, we will see an improvement. But we assumed in the impairment that, that will continue to be a headwind for us as we move through at least the first six months of the year, slightly improving as we move through the back half of the year. And then as you well can understand the significant rise in interest rates has lowered the value in our discounted cash flow. But let me step back for a moment. Again, we continue to be very confident in our strategy around skin health. Obviously, the short-term impacts that we have had related to China, we believe ultimately, we will get behind us, but we have obviously been conservative in our assumptions on Filorga. We went into 2022, assuming China would open up and it didnt. But we feel good about where we are. We have seen some early signs, certainly in the early part of the year, particularly across our European business on Filorga to give us quite a bit of encouragement. Our U.S. business continues to be very, very strong, despite the inventory pullback that we saw in the fourth quarter. If I take our online business specifically, our share growth was up 300 basis points online in the back half of last year and on the year, which is terrific. Obviously, we incurred that share growth despite, obviously, inventories getting reduced. We do expect some of those inventories to come back slightly, but we are obviously assuming a considerable amount of conservatism there because we cant be sure that particularly the online retailers will take inventory up as quickly as they took it down. Our business overall continues to grow very, very nicely, particularly in the professional channel, which is the core part of our PCA and Elta business, and we have a good innovation plan coming on stream for 2023. So, overall, we still feel very good about the strategy behind skin health. Need China to turn and you have heard a lot of discussions about the uncertainty in China, but we think we have positioned the brand. So, obviously, as China comes back, we will be in a position to reap the benefits of that.
John Faucher: The only thing Id add on, Filorga, is if you go back and look at the timing of when we purchased it late 2019, its built off of very strong growth in China at the time and very strong growth in the travel retail, and then obviously, the pandemic hit, nobody had insight to that. The underlying brand is really strong. Theres going to be new innovation. We have got the advertising to support it to bring it to market. We are still confident in the long-term success of this brand. So thats what Id add on Filorga.
Noel Wallace: Kevin, the only thing I would say relative to M&A strategy and capital deployment is our preference is still to deploy capital internally to our projects, because we are a big believer in return on invested capital and that generates the highest incremental returns. And so if you look at the investment we are making at Hills and capacity, if you look at the investment we are making on some of our sustainability projects, Red Collar honestly is a little bit of both, right? Its M&A, but it also is an investment in internal growth, because we think that Hills is one of the best growth engines we have. So I dont think theres any change in our capital allocation strategy, invest internally, we would like to pay a healthy dividend and the Board helps us develop the dividend strategy longer term. Then we will look at projects when the valuations are appropriate and we will see what happens with valuations in the market right now. I think the market is still somewhat influx from that standpoint.
Stan Sutula: And the capital allocation, I think, as we look at that return $2.9 billion to shareholders. We had $900 million of net share buyback. We have paid dividends since 1895 and 60 consecutive years of increasing it. So our capital allocation strategy hasnt changed. We think its the right long-term strategy and we think our investment in M&A is appropriate when we dont have a better internal investment to do or to fill opportunities for us to fill out our model.
Operator: Our next question today will come from Olivia Tong of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Olivia Tong: Great. Thanks. Good morning.
Noel Wallace: Good morning, Olivia.
Olivia Tong: My question is around Oral Care, because you have obviously made great improvements here, particularly on pricing or hearing on the portfolio. So could you give us a sense of how your game plan is pivoting as macros potentially get a bit more choppy and elasticity get a little bit more elastic. Obviously, high single-digit growth in Oral Care is fantastic, but whats your view on the state of the consumer in the U.S. and developed markets as a whole, and how that -- and how does that influence your view on potential trade-up versus trade-down in 2023? Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Good morning, Olivia. Again, as I mentioned earlier, Oral Care had a really, really strong year, high single-digit growth across the year and the quarter and we were high single-digit in Oral Care on three of the last four quarters and toothbrushes specifically up double-digit three of the last four quarters. Some of that was some easier comps as we were lapping some of the supply chain challenges that we had last year. But the important aspect there is share growth up on the year for both Oral -- toothpaste and toothbrushes. Specifically around elasticity, I think, it comes back to the strategy that we talked about for a couple of years now, which is the flexibility in our portfolio. We continue to innovate across all price points and we cover a wide gamut of price points, from opening to now, obviously pushing a lot more of the super premium segment, which you saw some of the examples of the success we are having in the whitening segment in that regard. So, overall, our categories -- our portfolio is well positioned for this environment. We spend a lot of time as we work through the operations around the world to ensure that we have value-added benefits to every price point within our portfolio and we are flexing our portfolio in different ways over the last couple of years and we are seeing that certainly translate into improved performance. Elmex would be a great example. Taking Elmex very selectively in the pharmy channel -- pharmacy channel around the world has allowed us to grow incremental share in those businesses. The other aspect Id say is our core re-launches. We will have a significant core re-launch coming on the India business next year. We have re-launched our core business in some of our bigger markets around the world and that has helped some of the premium innovations come on incrementally to the franchise moving forward. So we feel pretty good about where we are with Oral Care. Elasticity is exactly where we expected and I think driven by a combination of the flexibility we have in our portfolio in addition to the innovation that we are bringing to the marketplace.
Operator: Our next question will come from Nik Modi of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Nik Modi: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Noel, I was hoping
Noel Wallace: Hi, Nik.
Nik Modi:  maybe you could provide some -- a little bit more context on what you are seeing on the ground in China right now. Its interesting you mentioned you think the recovery will happen in the back half, so I think there has been projections by other companies and just by looking at some of the mobility data that things might start improving around March to April and we are already starting to see kind of we track the metro activity in China and starting to see some real improvements there. So just curious on your thoughts there given how important that business is for the -- on the margin side given the skin care mix?
Noel Wallace: Sure. As I mentioned, we had strong performance in China on the Colgate side of the business. Our Holly & Hazel business up nicely mid single digits, our Colgate business up nicely mid-to-high single digits. So, overall, we feel very good about the transformation that we put in place over the last couple of years across our China business. Our brick-and-mortar business is a little soft. But as I mentioned, thats, I think, characteristic with the lack of mobility around the country and as mobility improves, as you say, and if it improves earlier, by all means, we should benefit from that as we continue to expand our distribution in that marketplace. But it continues to be highly, highly uncertain. Obviously, the Chinese New Year, everyone is waiting very carefully to see the impacts of that. Theres a lot of euphoria, but infection rates are still very, very high and things could change very, very quickly there. The comment I made about the back half is not only mobility within the country, which I think will probably, as you say, improve more quickly, but its more external mobility in terms of more international travel, which would benefit the Filorga business. But again, we feel good from the success that we are having from a market share growth. Our -- as I mentioned earlier, our e-commerce business was up almost 300 basis points on the year this year and that is again a reflection of the strategy and some of the good innovation we brought into the market. If the markets improve, we shall -- certainly see the benefits of moving through our P&L earlier than we anticipated. But I would be quite cautious on China at this point. But over the long -- medium- and long-term, we are very optimistic about the growth opportunities there.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jason English of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jason English: Hey. Good morning, folks.
Noel Wallace: Hey, Jason.
Jason English: So Mr. Faucher talked about the healthy growth contribution from Hills, and obviously, the topline lift has been really last few years. Its surprising, though, to see penny profit actually contracting this year. Can you unpack the drivers and I imagine within that, you are going to come back to some of the ag inflation. So, I guess, I will tag on to that. Ag -- the ag complex seems like its one of the easiest ones to hedge out. I imagine you are hedged out, and therefore, have good visibility to it, assuming that part of the contribution is related to ag? Whats impeded your ability to price that through? Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Yeah. Thanks, Jason. As you said, we have coming off of some of the challenging capacity issues that we had in the third quarter, we feel like we have certainly turned the corner on that business. Again, a double-digit growth in the quarter, thats 27% growth on a two-year stack basis and we have delivered double-digit growth on the Hills business 10 to 12 quarters and we feel with the capacity improvements that we have and obviously the continued increased investments that we feel we are in a very good position to deliver sustained profitable growth moving forward. Now, as I mentioned, ag prices were just up 25% half-to-half. Now you take that on the year versus last year, thats significantly more. I will let Stan talk in a moment to our hedging strategy, which is very minimal around ag prices. So we dont get a lot of -- we dont do a lot of hedging there. But, overall, its taking pricing. Its making sure that we continue to move through the transition aspects of incorp -- integrating three plants and moving capacity from our existing plants into those plants. So theres startup costs associated with that, obviously, we are building a new web plant, which should open up towards the back half of the year. We have the startup costs associated with that running through the P&L. But all of it is around building investment ability for the future for us and our ability to continue to sustain the strong topline and the strong investment structure that we have by investing in capacity and allowing us to do the things that we do so well in the marketplace. So we feel good about where the business is. Obviously, the ag prices will be where they are and we are taking pricing, as you have seen both in the fourth quarter and plan to take more pricing in the first half of this year. But, again, if ag prices come back, things will get better, but we at this point dont expect any short-term benefits for ag coming back.
Stan Sutula: Yeah. Thanks, Jason and Noel. So what Id add on to that is, we dont have a large hedging program against ag and thats a philosophy for us. So we look, we do partial hedges there in ag. We dont do that in most other categories. But just while we have highlighted ag, there are other areas here like chicken livers, other specialty products that come in as part of the diets that make us more complex, as well as all the amino acids and everything else. Those have all had inflation as well. So while agriculture products have had the most significant, we have also had those and things like the AVM flu do have a ripple effect into the availability of those products. So as we look, we have also integrated now four plants through acquisitions, one from Nutriamo earlier in the year and then the three from Red Collar. So we took those over on September 30th. That integration has gone well. But as you would expect, there are startup costs that go along with that. As we bring Tonganoxie online, thats our new wet plant in Kansas in the second half of the year. We are very excited about that plan. It has great automation. Its going to be, I think, a great addition to the portfolio. But that has startup costs in 2023, in particular, in the first half as we hire staffing, get the staffing right heading into or going live. So important here on Hills, we see a great market opportunity, science-based, our research center really supports that. We are investing the advertising behind that to drive that capability and to drive that demand and we think that serves us well for the long-term. So we expect margin improvement heading into 2023 in Hills. We are excited about that market opportunity and what it represents to the company. We also think it fits really well in our overall portfolio with a science based approach.
Noel Wallace: Jason, Id throw one other point, which I think is relevant to not only Hills, but to other aspects or other questions that have come up this morning. And that is the foreign exchange impact in Europe in the quarter, obviously, the second largest business outside the U.S. for Hills is Europe and Europe had 11% headwind in foreign exchange and that obviously moved through the Colgate side of the business as well. Now you have seen the significant pricing that we are taking, but obviously, the transactional impact as well as the translational impact of that foreign exchange moved through in the fourth quarter, and certainly, dampened a little bit of the penny profit that we would have expected.
Operator: Our next question will come from Steve Powers of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Steve Powers: Hey. Thank you. So picking up a little bit on what you were just talking about in terms of startup costs, but also the manufacturing variances and the negative mix that Noel you alluded to earlier with respect to the fourth quarter. I guess, a couple of questions related to that. One is, I assume thats lumped into the raw materials, the 920-basis-point negative impact of raw materials, I dont know where else it would go. So if thats the case, I guess, is there a way to quantify what those sort of to me, non-raw materials costs would have been or were in the quarter as a headwind, number one. Number two, how we think about those carrying over and phasing at least into the -- I presume the first half of 2023. And then just to clarify and round it out is, are those are those impacts embedded in the several hundred million dollar raw and packaging materials inflation outlook for next year, just because I think its a little bit different than raw and packaging materials as sort of narrowly defined. Thats really my -- those are my main questions. If you could also talk a little bit about how you are thinking about Red Collar phasing through the year, and just operationally, what that entails, if there are costs, whether cash costs or costs that are notable going to the P&L as you do transition the private label product over to Hills, just that would be helpful to understand? Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Steve, let me take a very topline kind of strategically how we are integrating Red Collar and deliberate plans that we have take -- we have taken to ensure a successful integration into the Colgate-Palmolive Company. First, its three significant plants that we are obviously integrating. And as we have talked about for the better part of a year, all of our existing facilities on Hills have been running full out, and obviously, that is a very inefficient way to run your supply chain. Now we have obviously been investing in improved capacity, obviously, with the plants in addition to the Tonganoxie in addition to the plant that we purchased in Italy. But again, integrating those into the system to ensure one quality mechanisms are where they need to be, ensuring the lines are capable of the flexibility and the formulations and the sophistication of our formulations, making sure that, obviously, the all aspects of the science driven approach that we have taken to our formulas is well understood and by the culture of the organizations that we are integrating into the company. All of that has been very, very methodical. We are not going -- given that we need the capacity, we are not going to rush ourselves into doing this too quickly. So we have been very careful to ensure long-term success as we built the plans to bring that volume into the Colgate business over time. So, with that, let me turn it over to Stan. He will take you through a little bit of how we planned for Red Collar and how we are thinking about the ongoing startup costs associated with that.
Stan Sutula: Yeah. So lets start with Red Collar first. So as Red Collar comes in and we cut over production over time and this will be over an elongated period of time. There are a few things that have to happen. One, and of course, I should start, all of this is baked into our guidance. So as we planned this out, this is all incorporated within our guidance. So first, as we take the Red Collar facilities and migrate those over to produce Hills formulas, there is investment that has to go into that. We have incorporated that into our capital and we have incorporated any income statement impact into the numbers. And that really centers around what Red Collar was producing was much simpler formulas for us and for others, and our diets, our formulas are much more complex, in particular, in the prescription diet area, which is why I think they are such valuable to consumers. So that involves additional mixing, additional ability and testing, quality testing as we go in, and that will require capital investment into those facilities, all planned all on track. The variances that we have in total, so let me step back to there, the variances that we have in total go into gross profit so that as they are going through, we expect that those will get better. We expect that those will get better as we get some relief on the overall manufacturing as those Red Collar facilities come fully on board and produce more of Hills formulas. That allows us to go in and do more efficiency planning within the existing facilities. So as we think about Tonganoxie, thats, again, the new wet food plant that will come online in the second half of 2023. In the beginning, we do have some startup costs there and those startup costs, again, are around things like bubble staffing as we bring the staff on board and get them trained and so we expect that, that will contribute in the second half, but it becomes a headwind in the first half around Hills. So thinking about Red Collar, keep in mind that this was acquired and was in for the full quarter of Q4 of 2022. So we will wrap around from an impact here in Q4 of 2023. But as we go forward, you should think that the impact to margin is roughly in line with what we saw in fourth quarter. So it would be a benefit to the topline and given that the private label activity is at a much lower margin that will impact margin through the year but at a slightly decreasing rate.
Operator: Our next question will come from Rob Ottenstein of Evercore. Please go ahead.
Rob Ottenstein: Great. Thank you very much. A couple of follow-up questions. One, you mentioned in the press release or the comments that there was an e-commerce inventory drawdown on skin health. Can you just clarify exactly what brands that was and why that would be happening? And then Id like to just kind of talk a little bit more about Hills. One question that we are getting is, what was the effect of private label on the organic number. So if you took private label out, was the volume growth actually down 100 basis points, so a clarification on that. And then bigger picture, if we could kind of scope out and look at the whole pet food area in general, you guys are obviously premium and have been gaining share a long time. Can you talk about historically potential trade-down impact given a tougher consumer environment and how you may be adapting to that and what your volume assumptions are for pet in 2023? Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Yeah. Good morning, Rob. Thank you. Let me take the e-commerce question first. A good year for e-commerce, as I mentioned, its up to 14% of our sales. We continue to see strong growth throughout the year, and importantly, in the most important markets around the world, we continue to see strong share growth. So, overall, we feel a lot of the work that we put into our digital transformation has paid out quite nicely in the consumption that we are seeing across the board, whether thats our skin business, whether thats our U.S. Oral Care business or our Hills business, we are performing quite well. And we are sharing those capabilities very nicely across the enterprise, and as I have talked to you before in the past, obviously, Hills was at the forefront of that and a lot of the skill sets that we built in our Hills organization have certainly translated now across the enterprise and we are using those benefits to grow our e-commerce business, both on a share basis and a topline basis. The inventory drawdown was on PCA and Elta in the U.S. in the online channel, which is their number one retail channel. As you know, they sell through the profession and they sell online through the big online retailers. The big online retailers took significant inventory out of the system in the fourth quarter. These are very high priced items, as you are well aware, and they felt, I guess, managing their working capital that they were going to take those down in the fourth quarter. The good news, as I mentioned earlier, we didnt see a significant impact on our consumption. Our shares were actually up and the more important news is that we started to see that inventory rebuild itself slowly, I would say, in the first quarter of this year, particularly January. Now thats not to say that at the end of the quarter, we may see more draw downs. But in any case, the good news is we start to see some improvements there. But it was on the PCA and Elta business in the U.S. And likewise, on the Filorga business in China with the significant lockdowns that we saw across China in the fourth quarter and coming out of the third quarter, we saw significant inventory reductions in the online business there as well. Relative to private label, let me characterize, I guess, first Oral Care. So Oral Care private label in the U.S. is about 0.9 share and that share is roughly flat on the quarter -- in the fourth quarter and flat on the year. Oral Care private label shares in Europe are around 3.5%, and likewise, that share is flat. We are seeing a little bit of growth in private label businesses, particularly in Europe on some of the Home Care businesses. Obviously, cleaners dish, and to a certain extent, fabric softener, as we have seen about 1 point of growth in the private label business there, but consistent with where we expected. So nothing unusual, and importantly, we dont see, obviously, given the benign levels of shares we have seen in Oral Care, we havent seen a significant turnaround there. On the Hills trade-down, we have not seen trade-down thus far. If you go back to 2007, 2008, which we spent a lot of time looking at the premiumization of the category during that period. We did not see consumers pulling back on scientific -- scientifically proven Pet Nutrition. And we feel that given the strength of our innovation, and obviously, the strength of the investment that we are putting in the market, that we will be able to continue to manage that quite well.
Stan Sutula: So, thanks, Noel. Rob, let me just pick up on the on the Hills organic and private label and how we are showing that. If you look at the press release, you stated, you saw net sales were up 20%, organic sales were up 14%. There is no private label in the organic sales. So we include in the net sales, but in organic, it will only be inorganic when it wraps around for the year, which will be in the fourth quarter. So when you see organic sales that represents true year-on-year with no private label benefit in that number. Similar to volume, you will see the volume in a press release at plus 10% and then organic volume at plus 0.5%. So volume expanded even outside of private label, you get a feel for the size of private label in the as reported volume number. So, again, that will be that way Q1 through Q3, and then in Q4, it will wrap around, because it will be in both years and be in the organic numbers. .
Operator: Our next question will come from Mark Astrachan of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Mark Astrachan: Yeah. Thanks, and good morning, everyone. I want to go back to gross margin kind of looking backwards and then trying to think about it going forward. So I guess I am curious what happened to gross margin in 4Q, I mean, I hear all of what you talked about some things unexpected. But if you go back and look at what you said at the last call, you were locked in at least thats what I thought you said on, I assume a bunch of these raw materials, ag pieces. So was just the manufacturing variance of startup costs, et cetera, just much greater. And I guess the question going forward then is I hear you in modeling the question on this call is about, improving gross margin expectations and all these things that are potential tailwinds. But how much visibility do you have as you sit here today and what potentially is based in that could go wrong? And then kind of pushing it forward longer term, how do you think about -- how does the company think about the necessity to grow gross margins over so that you can hit the earnings algorithm for the business given where the topline expectations are and just how important that is and what line of sight you have to get back to a number, not that I am expecting you to comment on, you can get to 60% again, but if you can talk directionally to that that would be helpful as well? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Thanks, Mark. Let me start with the end, the last question first and provide some thoughts and I will have Stan walk through you a bit more of our assumptions once again. Listen, driving gross margin for our company has always been fundamental and its always been the fulcrum of our P&L, and as we laid out in the prepared comments, we expect gross profit to be up in 2023. I remind you that the gross profit was down 160 basis points in the fourth quarter, if -- when you exclude the impact of Red Collar. Some of the issues that we incurred in the fourth quarter, obviously, we had a mix issue with the lower skin health business that we mentioned. A little bit of a mix issue on Hills as well with more of the Science Diet business versus prescription diet, but we obviously had the elevated ag prices moving through there and the startup costs that as Stan mentioned earlier, that moved through the gross profit line. But step back, again, I mean, we are very focused on getting pricing in the P&L and you have seen that sequentially improve from third to fourth quarter. We expect that to benefit us next year. Now there are a lot of assumptions on where commodities go. We talked about a couple of hundred million dollars there. But remember where we were in the first quarter of this year. We had a lot of assumptions there and we got ahead of that very, very quickly in terms of where things move. Now if things move -- stay where they are, improve, obviously, we dont think we will be at the low end of our guidance. But we feel its a prudent and flexible place to be given the uncertainty that we have seen and the movement that we have seen, certainly, over the last six months to nine months in commodity prices not to mention foreign exchange. So let me turn it over to Stan to give you a little bit more color once again on where we are from some of our locks in our contracts.
Stan Sutula: Yeah. So on gross profit and we look at raw and pack, we do lock in a majority of our commodities here at least 90 days out for the next quarter. But there is still conversion costs, theres still the manufacturing variances that we have to go through, labor cost that goes into that, et cetera. So when we look at this and for fourth quarter, the 250 basis point as reported decline in margin, again, private label drove about 90 points of that, so you are at 160 basis points. And as we look at prices here, again, it was 920 basis points, relatively consistent with Q3 and our conversion costs and some of the variances that we talked about had an impact overall on margin versus our original expectation. As we look going ahead, we are guiding for expansion of gross profit margin heading into 2023 and we think as we look at that, the components of that are going to be moderating commodities are on pack, improved pricing in RGM and then the productivity work that we have been doing across the Board will have a benefit here to margin. So the margin expansion again fuels that investment into advertising. So we do believe that margin expansion is a core component of foundation of our overall model and so that expansion into next year will fuel that model, which will allow us to deliver low-to-mid single-digit earnings growth.
Operator: Our next question today will come from Lauren Lieberman of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Lauren Lieberman: Hey. Thanks. Good morning. I know you have covered a lot of ground, but I just was curious, knowing that 4Q gross margins came in below what you had anticipated. You have obviously detailed the reasons a couple of times. I was just curious, the bottomline still delivered, frankly, so that means there were some choices made, perhaps, a little bit short term on lines within OpEx. So I was just curious kind of what are the areas that you may be pulled back on in the shorter term than how you kind of make those decisions and how we should think about the reinvestment in 2023? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Well, we didnt pull back on the advertising investment, obviously, that was down 20 basis on a percent to sales, but if you exclude Red Collar advertising was flat and on a local currency basis, Lauren, the advertising was up and that becomes fundamental to continue to build the momentum of the progress we have seen in 2022 to ensure that we deliver that continued momentum in 2023 and that was a very deliberate choice to sustain the investment moving through the quarter. Obviously, a little bit of softness in gross margin, as I mentioned, largely driven by mix of the Hills business coming in a little bit lower than we expected, as well as skin health, but we feel those are well under control. We have good visibility about where those two businesses are going. So we feel like we are in a pretty good position to continue to execute against our strategy, deliver gets the gross margin improvement in 2023. Obviously, the first half we have a bit more visibility, we dont have that visibility in the second half, but we will continue to execute against what we see in front of us and that is our need to take more pricing, get it into the P&L and ensure we have the investment to support that.
Stan Sutula: The only thing Id add, Lauren, on that one is, look, we took actions early in the year, particularly around the global productivity initiative that started to pay off in the back half of the year. So we saw some of that flow through here hit in the back half of the year. And we manage the overhead lines carefully and because we are running the entire P&L up and down and those overhead lines, we prioritize within that. We want to make sure we support advertising, digital, analytics and then we make trade-offs within that, as you would expect us to do go forward. We think thats just a prudent way to run the business and we will continue to do that heading into 2023.
Noel Wallace: Yeah. As I mentioned earlier, Lauren, we are very pleased with that middle part of the P&L around how we managed overheads, which given, obviously, the headwinds we have seen below that around interest expense, as well as tax, its extremely important that we got ahead of that. We delivered an additional 50 basis points of overhead on top of the 150 basis points that we had in the previous year. So we feel that structures us well to invest in strategically the areas that we think are fundamental to driving long-term growth. Those are the capabilities that we have talked about around digital transformation, improved capabilities around innovation, certainly as we restructure that part of the organization and making sure that we have that operating leverage to sustain the advertising investment, which is clearly driving a good topline growth for us.
Operator: Our next question will come from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Bryan Spillane: Hey. Thanks, Operator. Good morning, everyone. So my question is just around cash flow. Free cash flow conversion, if I am doing the math right was about 74% of net income this year. I think in absolute dollars, free cash flow down about $900 million. So maybe you can talk a little bit about, as we look forward, do we expect some of that free cash flow productivity to improve? And then maybe just related on, I know you have talked about net interest expense being higher for this year, just if you can put a number on that and also on capital spending? Thank you.
Noel Wallace: All right. Let me hit the topline, and Bryan, good morning, by the way, and I will let Stan take you through some of the puts and takes. But, overall, cash flow -- our cash was down due to lower cash income, right? Obviously, that was the higher -- that was some choices that we made, particularly around working capital investments, a little bit increase in inventories as we were dealing with some of the supply chain disruptions we saw from suppliers and our need to sustain the consumption growth that we had in the marketplace, particularly some of the stronger consumption growth, but obviously, inventory days came up as a consequence of that. But we improved a bit a bit of that in the fourth quarter versus where we were in the third quarter. But clearly, it was driven by the lower cash profits driven by, obviously, the sustained foreign exchange hit as well as the challenges that we saw moving through gross margin on the year. CapEx was the other one, a deliberate choice for us, obviously, the growth that we have made -- the growth that we put into Hills, and the investment and the significant increase in capital expenditures there and some of the increases that John mentioned earlier around sustainability, which we think are extremely important to position us for where the markets are moving forward. And overall, I would say that we expect a very nice improvement in operating cash flow in 2023.
Stan Sutula: Yeah. Let me pick up there on the cash flow. So, as Noel said, we do expect improvement in 2023 and its really going to be two-fold. One, the improvement in cash profits, as we have guided to, and second, the improvement in working capital. We see opportunities there. We have been conservative on our working capital here in 2022 and particularly around inventory. We wanted to make sure that we could restore fill rates across the board that we had enough inventory to supply. And in particular towards the late in the fourth quarter as China had impacts from COVID on manufacturing, we prudently brought in additional inventory to make sure we could fulfill clients over the year end. On -- so on cash flow, we expect improvement in both working capital and cash profits. On interest expense, you see in fourth quarter a material increase on a year-on-year basis, and again, really comes from two components. First, the impact that it has on floating rate debt, in particular, CP, thats up significantly, as you know. And then second, we are carrying a slightly higher debt level, though, quite comfortable within our range and our leverage metrics for heading into 2023. So as you think about that interest expense, it will be larger than the gap you saw in fourth quarter, simply because you get a full year of carrying the Red Collar of funding through the year. That said, we think we have highly competitive rates on our debt going through. We have great access to the markets that fund our overall model. So, on capital spending, as you saw from our press release, we spent just under $700 million. I expect that could go up a little bit as we look at 2023 and thats really in a couple of areas. First, we are going to complete Tonganoxie as that comes online in the second half. And that we talked already about the Red Collar facilities, we have great plans for those as we are going to significantly increase our overall capacity for our Hills business, which operates in a terrific segment and that investment obviously will have capital spending. In addition, we invest in sustainability type efforts like recyclable tube, which we think are important. We will continue to roll that out in a prudent manner and we continue to invest in IT capabilities, including our S/4HANA journey that we are well underway. So, overall, we are comfortable with the position heading into 2023 and that will expand cash flow at a material level on a year-on-year basis.
Noel Wallace: Yeah. The only thing I would add is strategically these investments are all around positioning us for long-term growth and success. A lot of discussion goes into the choices we make around our capital investments. And the supply chain, and certainly, the IT team are very focused on ensuring that the money is being put into areas that are going to give us improved capabilities moving forward and allow us to weather some of the storms that you have seen over the last three years where we have recognized the challenges and generated real opportunities coming out of those and that certainly has driven the topline of the company.
Noel Wallace: So, with that, let me just finish off. I think thats the end of the questions. Again, 2022 was another year of strong progress for the business in terms of sales, market shares and productivity that moved through the P&L, but more importantly, the capabilities that we are building across the organization. We are excited to see the leverage moving through the P&L and we will see that continue in 2023 that will allow us to deliver the investment to sustain good topline growth, and obviously, very focused on delivering shareholder value moving forward. We will see everyone, I hope down in CAGNY in February, where we can talk a little bit about more of our plans in terms of how we are seeing 2023 unfold. But Id be remiss not to thank all the Colgate people listening on the call for an extraordinary year in 2022, a lot of challenges, but we recognize the opportunities that we had in front of us and I wish all of you a happy and successful 2023. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. We thank you for attending todays call and you may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-28 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to todays Colgate-Palmolive Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgatepalmolive.com. Now for opening remarks, Id like to turn this call over to Chief Investor Relations Officer and Senior Vice President, M&A, John Faucher.
John Faucher: Thanks, Allison. Good morning and welcome to our 2022 third quarter earnings release conference call. This is John Faucher. Todays conference call will include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from these statements. Please refer to the earnings press release and related prepared materials and our most recent filings with the SEC, including our 2021 annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings, all available on Colgates website, for a discussion of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these statements. This conference call will also include a discussion of non-GAAP financial measures, including those identified in Tables 8 and 9 of the earnings press release. A full reconciliation to the corresponding GAAP financial measures is included in the earnings press release and is available on Colgates website. Joining me on the call this morning are Noel Wallace, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Stan Sutula, Chief Financial Officer. Noel will provide you with his thoughts on our Q3 results and our 2022 outlook. We will then open it up for Q&A. Noel?
Noel Wallace: Thanks, John and thanks to all of you for joining us this morning. We continue to execute our growth strategy as we deal with an operating environment that remains very volatile. In the third quarter, we delivered high single-digit organic sales growth with growth across every division. We also delivered growth in all four of our categories, including high single-digit growth in Oral Care, Pet Nutrition and Personal Care. I know elasticities are a big topic of conversation this quarter. While our volumes were negatively impacted by retailer inventory reductions and Hills supply chain constraints in the quarter, underlying elasticity remained in line with our expectations and we would expect volume performance to improve sequentially in the fourth quarter as these headwinds abate. We delivered strong pricing growth through revenue growth management and healthy productivity through Funding the Growth and the initial benefits of our 2022 Global Productivity Initiative. This helped us drive a sequential improvement in gross margin in the third quarter despite further increases in raw material prices. The headwinds we face, whether from foreign exchange, raw and packaging materials and logistics costs or macroeconomic uncertainty are significant, but we believe we are well positioned to deal with these issues. We have taken the difficult steps necessary to meet these challenges head on through pricing, productivity, capital deployment and other actions. These actions leave us well positioned to benefit when our markets stabilize. The first reason is our portfolio. We have focused  we have a focused portfolio of leading brands in growing categories competing across multiple price tiers. Consumers use the vast majority of our products everyday: when they shower, when they clean their homes, when they feed their pets and hopefully, when they brush their teeth after every meal. We believe this high frequency of usage, combined with the strength of our brands, helped with our elasticities despite significant pricing. This has been particularly true in Oral Care and our categories generally have low private label market shares compared to many other HPC categories where we dont compete. Consumers look to trusted brands to provide value and we have built brands over time to deliver value to our customers and our consumers, particularly given our breadth of offerings across price tiers from entry level to ultra premium. And our professional recommendation model in several of our largest categories also helps to provide added value and differentiation to consumers, which builds brand loyalty. And we have high market shares with number one or number two positions in many of our key segments across all four of our categories. We are also well positioned because we are building capabilities and then scaling them across the company in order to drive growth both now and in the future. Our most important capabilities are focused on science-led innovation, particularly in a time when there is so much pricing in our categories, it is vital to add consumer identifiable value. You can see our progress here on brands like Colgate Optic White, Hills Prescription Diet, EltaMD and many others. It is also helping to drive improvements in our market share trends. I spent a lot of time at Barclays talking about our digital transformation, an area that is impacting every facet of our business: our e-commerce performance, the ROI of our advertising, a digital-driven supply chain, the use of AI and new product development and even how we are doing our training around the world. Revenue growth management is another capability we are scaling across the organization. We are putting the full force and effort of our data and analytics team into our RGM planning. We believe this is also helping us to make RGMs decisions to help to lessen the impact of elasticities. So as we head into the Q&A, I want to reiterate that our strategy is working and through an environment that remains uncertain and volatile, we believe we are well positioned with strong brands, scaling capabilities and most importantly, great people. So I will turn it over to the Q&A now.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today will come from Peter Grom of UBS. Please go ahead.
Peter Grom: Hey, good morning everyone. I hope you are doing well. So I wanted to ask specifically on Hills. Maybe first, is there a way you could potentially quantify the impact of the supply chain constraints and reductions in retail inventory had on organic sales in the quarter? And then maybe more importantly, I know you mentioned a return to double-digit organic sales growth in September, but can you maybe discuss why you remain confident in the acceleration in the business looking out to the fourth quarter and potentially longer term? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Yes. Thanks Peter. Let me go back to the strategy. And I think as it underpins some of the  obviously, the supply chain constraints that we had earlier in the quarter, which is obviously based on really high demand for the brand. And we have had nine quarters of double-digit growth on that business with fundamentally the same supply chain network. So if you go back to the core elements of the strategy, really building science-driven innovation that we translate into claims for the consumer, claims for our vets and vet technicians that drives to endorsement of our brand. We translate that digitally across the enterprise run our e-commerce business ahead of general market shares. Ultimately, that is driving strong consumption. What happened in the early part of the quarter is the supply chain is obviously at 100% capacity, pre, obviously, the acquisitions of Red Collar and the acquisition that we made in Europe. We now have the ability to really free up capacity moving forward. We are going to be able to do a lot more efficient production in our existing facilities. We are transferring a lot of that volume into the new Red Collar facilities, which are coming upstream as of October. So we feel very good moving forward. And as you mentioned, we exited the quarter back in double-digit growth. So strong consumption in the business, shipments outpacing  excuse me, consumption, obviously, outpacing shipments and we feel very good about where we are in the next 3 to 6 months as we integrate the Red Collar acquisition and continue to operate our plants more efficiently in the existing network.
Operator: Our next question today will come from Dara Mohsenian of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Dara Mohsenian: Hi, good morning. So, obviously incredibly strong pricing in the quarter. We havent seen that level of quarterly growth in decades. So it would be helpful just to understand what you are seeing competitively out there given such strong Colgate pricing. Are you content with price gaps? Are you generally seeing competitors follow or might there be adjustments that are needed as you think about that pricing line going forward? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Yes, good morning Eric. Thanks. Lets go back to, again, what we have been discussing all year. We took pricing obviously as we articulated in the second quarter, particularly across North America and other divisions. That pricing continued obviously in the third quarter. We have led pricing in many of our markets and that has been fundamental to the growth of the business right now. We believe its critical to get the pricing into the P&L. We have now seen competitors begin to follow. So that should alleviate some of the volume pressure that we saw early in the quarter, but we feel very good about where we are with pricing. We obviously feel that the market will continue to hold that pricing as we see a very constructive market, as I have discussed in the past, with competition. Now competition was a little slow to follow, but we have seen that in the later end of the quarter that most of our competitors have followed in our core categories. So we feel pretty good. We talked about elasticities upfront. They are more or less in line with where we articulated at Barclays. We have seen a little bit more elasticity given the pricing that we took in some of the Home Care businesses. But again, we took Home Care pricing ahead of competition and competition is now following. So, we expect that to alleviate as we move forward. But overall, we feel pretty good about where we are. Obviously, foreign exchange is the new dynamic we are dealing with and having lots of discussions with the team on how to manage price volume moving forward, but we feel very good about where we are right now.
Operator: Our next question today will come from Andrea Teixeira of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Andrea Teixeira: Thank you. Good morning. So can you comment a bit on the pace of volumes exiting the quarter? I think you alluded to the fact that Hills got better with the acquisition. I know it takes, you mentioned, 3 to 6 months. I just want to reconcile, Noel, your comment also on pricing that your competitors are following now and then you hope to alleviate. Should we expect like the way the quarter unfolded that volumes were not as bad as you exit the quarter? Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Yes. Thanks, Andrea. Volumes improved as we exited the quarter as we talked about, obviously some of the supply chain constraints upfront on Hills. We talked about post Barclays, as you remember we saw some early warning signs in the online business on our trade partners taking inventory down. We had not seen it in brick and mortar at that stage, but we had communicated that, thats not to say that might happen towards the end of the quarter, which is exactly what happened. We saw some inventory come out in some of the key retailers in North America. We obviously saw continued reductions in inventory on Amazon throughout the quarter and that ultimately led to roughly 100 basis points of headwinds on the quarter. Take that with additional 50 basis points of Russia impact in the quarter and obviously some of the supply chain constraints. So, we feel good about volume sequentially improving in the fourth quarter. Obviously, consumption seems to be holding out, but we have to bear in mind that there is a lot of pricing going in the market across multiple categories. So we will continue to watch that very carefully. We have also obviously had to pull a little bit of the advertising back in the quarter as we saw consumption across most categories slowdown in Europe and obviously the constraints on Hills. Hills, we moved that money to the fourth quarter to continue to drive consumption and exit the year strongly. We do not want to be cutting investment. We believe this hopefully, some of these volatility is short term. Our focus is continue to invest behind the brands and drive consumption as we move into 2023.
Operator: Our next question is going to come from Chris Carey of Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Chris Carey: Hi, good morning. Can you just perhaps comment on how you feel about gross margin progression, really pricing still coming in quite strong and the commodity impact actually worsened sequentially. But ultimately, commodities will ease going forward and into next year and presumably productivity remains a good story. So in the context of what you are seeing on the volume side, do you feel like you might need to reinvest back some to drive demand within promotions and perhaps that can reduce net pricing? But in general, it does feel like you are weathering quite a bit of commodity pressure here with pricing and these things are going to ease going forward. So I wonder if you could just give a sense on how you feel about gross margin progression over time? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Let me just  I will take it conceptually and strategically the top and then let me turn it over to Stan to give you a little bit more color. Overall, strategically, as we talked about coming into the second quarter, we felt it was very important to get ahead of the inflationary environment and take as much pricing as we could. We watch that very carefully obviously with consumption. You combine that with the initiatives that we set out for 2022 with our Global Productivity Index. We felt it was very important to get ahead of this, which we announced back in 2021. And we are seeing that coming through on the gross profit line, obviously, gross profit up sequentially in the quarter despite 920 points of headwind in the gross margin reconciliation. So we feel that was important to get that in and we will continue to take pricing as necessary. Raw materials, I will turn it over to Stan to give you a flavor of where those are right now. We have seen a little bit of pullback, but more or less, we are still seeing significant increases versus where we were last year. Stan?
Stan Sutula: Yes. So we have seen some modest movement in materials cost. But overall, we continue to see raw materials as a full year 2022 as $1.3 billion full year increase. As a reminder, thats 23% year-to-year. In the third quarter, as Noel highlighted, it was 920 points, so a little bit of color underneath that. Oil has generally been lower since our last call, but now has kind of creep back to where it was then. We have seen ag as an offset here. It increased versus our previous guidance, particularly around proteins, corn, etcetera and those are notably higher versus where we were in July. Partially offsetting that, we have seen palm oil has actually come in a decent amount. Now, thats favorable, but tallow, soybean and other oils are still showing elevated levels of inflation. So, thats what keeps us at the $1.3 billion for the year. As a reminder, we lock in, so typically and this quarter is no exception, we are largely locked in for fourth quarter. Now one of the common  while natural gas is not a raw material per se, we do use it to power our plants, particularly in Europe. And thats been volatile and continues to escalate. So as we expected, raw materials continue to move, but overall, still see $1.3 billion. And this is why we have our GPI program, our Funding the Growth program as we look to take productivity to mitigate that 920 point headwind.
Operator: Our next question today will come from Bryan Spillane from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Bryan Spillane: Thanks, operator. Good morning. Stan maybe if I could just pick up on the last question. Can you just give us a sense of just given how volatile maybe raw material costs have been, are you locking in or hedging further out? And as we begin to kind of look at 2023, is there  how far ahead are you in terms of being locked in on raw material costs for 23?
Stan Sutula: Yes. Thanks for the question, Bryan. So as we look, weve seen the volatility. While weve had movement up and down, the $1.3 billion is exactly the same number we highlighted out of last quarter. So while weve seen components move up and down, weve only seen modest movement on a net basis. We typically lock in the next quarter, and then we do, do some longer-term pricing into that, mock that in out quarters. But its relatively modest. As youd expect, the near quarter gets the most, and then it kind of scales down. But today, were not going to give 2023 guidance. What we are looking at is the movement that we see. Were trying to make sure were very prudent on not locking in areas that we think are going to moderate over time. And then we dont do a lot of hedging. So we do some in the ag space, but we dont do a lot of hedging among the others. We think price is the ultimate hedge.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jason English of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jason English: Hey, good morning, folks. Thanks for slotting me in. A couple of quick questions Ill try to squeeze in. So back to the $1.3 billion inflation, our quick math suggests that implies a reasonable amount of moderation in the fourth quarter. Still inflation, but certainly less than what weve been seeing in the last two quarters. A, is that right? And secondly, in your Q, you give round numbers on percentage of sales by category. And I know they are round numbers. So there can be a lot of variability there. But it does suggest that youre seeing year-on-year declines in your Personal Care and Home Care categories. Can you just maybe elaborate a little bit on what youre seeing within those individual categories? Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Yes. Let me take the categories first, and then Ill let Stan provide a little bit more color on the raw materials and where we see the fourth quarter. Categories, by and large, are where we estimated. Obviously, weve seen a little pullback in the Home Care categories, but Personal Care, Oral Care and Pet Nutrition continue to be quite healthy, particularly given the pricing thats going into the category. Relative to year-on-year, I mean, all of our categories in terms of how we play them are up. There may be some impact from foreign exchange there, Jason. But other than that, we see good growth across a broad nature of our categories.
Stan Sutula: And on the raw materials, Jason, we said in our last call that we thought this is going to peak in Q3. We continue to believe that. So while the full year still holds at $1.3 billion, we do expect some slight moderation in Q4. And again, were largely locked in for that.
Noel Wallace: Yes. The one area Id add is ag prices and some of the specialty ingredients that we use in Science Diet and Prescription Diet, those continue to be quite high. So were watching those quite carefully as we move into 23.
Operator: Our next question today will come from Kevin Grundy of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Kevin Grundy: Great, thanks. Good morning, everyone. Wanted to pivot, Noel, ask a question on portfolio strategy, two parts to it. The first one, the overall level of satisfaction with the portfolio. As you sit here today, any updated thoughts on where you potentially would want to augment through M&A. And the second part, as it pertains to Hills, which is a business which has done extraordinarily well here recently, there is a view in the marketplace there is potentially some latent value in the Colgate portfolio, specifically related to that business. Love to get your thoughts there, perhaps remind us of the Boards approach to portfolio assessment. Thanks for that.
Noel Wallace: Yes. Thanks for the question. In a world of significant volatility, we are really pleased with the diversity of the categories we compete in. They are carefully curated categories. Were highly focused on four. As you all know, weve been focused on four for a long, long time. We have deep understanding in those four categories. We believe they are well constructed and well positioned for future growth whether youre looking at consumption opportunities, whether youre looking at price-driven opportunities in terms of premiumization. And obviously, they are all not going to run in tandem. And weve obviously done some great things in the Pet Nutrition categories. Weve pivoted a lot of that strategy over the last 4 years, and youve seen the success of that. Youve seen the success in this year as were driving broad-based growth across all of our categories, which I talked about initially. Very happy with skin health. Obviously, the professional skin business in the U.S. continues to perform very well. Yes, the Filorga business in China continues to be a challenge, given the lockdowns weve seen in China and the lack of travel of Chinese consumers around the world. But overall, we feel the ebb and flow of our categories is exactly where we want to be right now. And we feel very fortunate that were very focused on four, and all those categories are growing today.
Operator: Our next question will come from Olivia Tong of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Olivia Tong: Great. Great, thank you. My question was more around expenses. First on commodities and raw mat, is it possible to kind of parse out how much currency played a part versus inflation on a constant currency basis? And then on advertising, if you could just give a little bit more color. It sounded like most of that was related to the disruption in Hills. Just a little bit more color in terms of your ongoing expectations, particularly in sort of the digital aspect, given what weve heard from some of the digital advertisers. Thank you.
Noel Wallace: So let me start with the expenses piece. So on raw materials, obviously, we operate in over 200 countries and territories. So as you think about the currency impact on our overall portfolio, that also impacts our raw materials. So I wouldnt say its outsized in any particular one. Some materials are sourced from one or two suppliers, so theyll have an outsized impact while others are sourced locally. And those have a natural hedge, if you will, from a currency aspect. So FX, as you think about the impact to raw materials, you should think about that largely in line with the impact of the overall company, and that will vary slightly by division.
Stan Sutula: On advertising, Olivia, you heard us say that on a dollar basis, we were down about 3%, but on a local currency basis, we were up 2%. So overall, we still feel good with the impact were having in the markets. Weve done a lot of work, as others have done, to really optimize our spending with obviously a move of 50-plus of our spending now, 50% plus of our spend in digital. Were able to get much more deep into the analytics and the ROI metrics. Were doing a much better job at personalizing our content. As Ive talked about before, over 40,000 people around the world on our digital transformation, media being an important part of that. So we feel were getting much better. We pulled back a little in Europe as we saw a pretty significant drop off in the categories. And so we wanted to be prudent as we thought about investment moving forward. And as I mentioned earlier, we pulled back a little bit in the third quarter at Hills, but transferred that money into the fourth quarter to continue to drive consumption as we bring on more capacity.
Operator: Our next question will come from Callum Elliott of Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Callum Elliott: Hi, thanks for the question. Another portfolio question, if thats okay. I just wanted to ask you, can you talk please about the operational integration of the Oral Care business with the Personal Care and Home Care businesses, and specifically with a view to how difficult would it be to separate parts of or all of Personal Care, Home Care, if you were to change about the value of those Personal Care, Home Care businesses to the overall company?
Noel Wallace: Yes. What Im going to do is step back again and talk about the strategy of the company and why its working. And I think the results today illustrate that our growth strategies across all of our businesses and how we integrate those businesses and scale our capabilities are delivering strong performance for the overall business, 15 quarters now of organic sales growth within our 3% to 5% target range. Weve had growth in every division in all four of our categories. And were particularly pleased, obviously, this quarter with high single-digit growth in Oral Care, our Personal Care business as well as our Pet Nutrition business. A key part of that strategy, which I think gets to the heart of your question, is how were leveraging our capabilities across the enterprise. Weve talked about our science-driven approach, clinical substantiation for our products that drive claims, consumer acceptance, drive  lead to professional endorsement. As you know, we have a strong professional model across our pet business, our Oral Care business as well as our skin health business. Were leveraging those learnings. In fact, over the last 1.5 years, we put an organization in New York simply to look at how we continue to optimize and sharpen our professional strategies as we see brand recommended most often is a key driver of saliency for the brands and the equities and ultimately loyalty. Our digital transformation largely initially led by Hills. We have now taken their capabilities, their talent and use those across the entire enterprise to further our digital capabilities. Youve seen our e-commerce business is one of the fastest-growing channel businesses that we have today. Our market shares in markets like China, which is the biggest e-commerce market, are outdelivering against any other competitor in the market. And we really attribute that to leveraging the scalability of certain capabilities across the enterprise. So again, we like the four categories we compete in, a lot of similarities, a lot of overlap. And we continue to see that executed in terms of the results that weve delivered today.
Stan Sutula: One thing Id add there, I think, is that integration extends to our supply chain. One of our key attributes here is the production that we do across the world. And we integrate that particularly across Personal Care, Home Care and Oral Care, and that gives us a lot of leverage.
Operator: Our next question today will come from Lauren Lieberman of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Lauren Lieberman: Great, thanks. Good morning, everyone. I guess two things. First off is youve commented quite a bit on elasticity and feeling  saying its very much in line. And I think youve done a nice job calling out Hills and then the inventory destocking in North America. But one thing that jumped out to me was just the volume performance in Latin America. So if you could just give  from other companies, I think weve kind of seen what looks like a bit better resiliency in the face of pricing. So just curious if you could offer some more detail on Latin America? And secondly, I was just curious on your view broadly on inflation in grocery into 2023. How much more space do you think there is for incremental pricing across your portfolio? Is it terribly different domestically versus internationally? Id just be curious for some perspective on that as well. Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Yes. Thanks, Lauren. Let me talk to Latin America. In fact, I just got back from trips to Brazil and Mexico. So the information is very fresh. You saw the 20% pricing that we took in Latin America, obviously, following significant pricing in the second quarter, about 12.5. And as I mentioned upfront, we have led in pricing across all of our categories in Latin America. And as a result of leading, it took time for the others to catch up. And obviously, you got elasticity when the others havent catch up is going to be a little bit higher. As we exited the quarter, we started to see volumes improve, particularly across Personal Care and Oral Care. Home Care, a little slow to recover, but we will see  I think we will see that stabilize as we move forward. But overall, the plans I saw in place in both Brazil and Mexico were really, really strong. Shares, very good in Brazil, a little soft in Mexico, particularly in Oral Care, given the fact that we took aggressive pricing competition follow initially. As I was leaving those markets, competition followed. So we feel pretty good as we move into the fourth quarter and into 2023. And the innovation plans that we have in place and the premiumization plans we have in place in Latin America look really, really strong. In fact, in both Mexico and Brazil, we have seen our share of the premium segment grow sequentially over the last five quarters, six quarters. So we feel good about where we are there. Were also, as weve talked about in the past, the importance of our core businesses, relaunching some of our core businesses to ensure that if we do see trade down and we continue to provide value at the opening price point, were there for that consumer, so overall, feeling good about Latin America as we move into the fourth quarter and in 2023. Relative to inflation moving forward, listen, I think everyone is going to deal with that how they see fit. We will continue to take pricing. I think the key aspect for us is continuing to invest behind brand building. And that brand building ultimately allows us to take more pricing in the markets around the world and continue to drive value to our consumers. Now we will see where the competition goes. If inflation becomes more benign, which I think most people expect it to be, we will watch that carefully. But the pricing environment has been to now very constructive. And we anticipate that as we can bring stronger innovation into the market, continue to invest behind our brands, we will minimize the elasticity. Is there more opportunity in grocery? Absolutely. We will see that as it comes to fruition. But right now, we feel good about where we have taken pricing and particularly the plans we have in place to minimize elasticity.
Operator: Our next question will come from Kaumil Gajrawala of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Kaumil Gajrawala: Hi guys. Good morning. Can you maybe talk a little bit more about Europe? Obviously, we can see the delivery in the quarter, but an area where inflation might be the most acute is also an area where the consumer might be under the most amount of pressure. So, maybe if you can just talk about your outlook for Europe, particularly as we are going into the winter?
Noel Wallace: Yes. You are right. I mean Europe is certainly under the most pressure, particularly around energy pricing. We have taken significant pricing in Europe as others have. Its  as you go back and look at that in history, its the most pricing thats gone into the business in quite some time. Importantly, we have a good mix of price points covered in Europe. The strength of our Elmex and our Meridol brands, obviously, at the premium side, and Colgate, obviously more in the mainstream, you have seen the combination of those two businesses grow share in the quarter and in the year. So, we feel good about where we are. As I mentioned earlier, I think consistently across the world, a little bit more elasticity in the home care businesses. But we have got some pretty significant re-launches coming in early 2023 on our home care businesses. So, we feel good about the plans in place we have in order to continue to drive consumption there. So, overall, its going to be a tough winter. We are going to watch that very closely. We feel we have got a good mix of brands at different price points to deal with the significant inflation that consumer is going to have to deal with. But obviously, a tough six months ahead of the Europeans.
Operator: Our next question today will come from Robert Ottenstein of Evercore. Please go ahead.
Robert Ottenstein: Great. Thank you very much. Just a couple of sort of follow-up questions. On the inventory side, the retail adjustments, is that  are you confident thats done at this point? And is there anything on the e-commerce side where there could be adjustments in terms of e-commerce-related inventories? And then second, can you give us any more details on China? We talked about that a lot in the past. How are you doing there? How are the market share trends? And how is that market starting to reopen? Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Yes. Good morning Rob. Thanks. On the inventory adjustments, obviously, we saw quite a bit come out towards the end of the quarter. Is it done, we cant make that prediction. We follow these inventories, as I mentioned, I think on the second quarter call or up at Barclays to the day. I mean particularly with our big customers, we work very much in collaboration with them on the guidance and goals that they have. Invariably, what happens is they may take democratic decisions across all the categories if they are reducing inventories, and we deal with that unexpectedly towards the end of the quarter. We obviously are staying very close to case builds and on-shelf availability and communicating that back as necessary. The last thing they want to do is obviously run out of stocks, particularly with our portfolio, which are significant traffic drivers across the categories in which we compete. So, is it done, its hard to say. It is below where they historically have managed their inventories. That usually means that they will bring them back to those levels or something closer, but we will have to watch that very carefully. Its very difficult for me to predict. A great quarter for China, we have talked about China over the last 2 years in terms of the transformation of our strategy on the ground, which was significant from our entire go-to-market to some of our marketing and innovation plans. We have seen our e-commerce continue to be one of the fastest-growing e-commerce brands in the market. We have seen our brick-and-mortar business stabilize over the last couple of quarters, which is terrific. You saw the growth that we delivered the last two quarters for greater were greater  our Greater China region, we delivered positive pricing and positive volume across our enterprise. We had the Hawley & Hazel, the Darlie re-launch has gone into effect. This is a significant, significant re-launch for the brand, changing the brand name. Thats been quite successful. Our Colgate business continues to track well. So, overall, we feel good. Now no question, the lockdowns are having an impact. The lockdowns have had a significant impact on our Filorga business. They have had a significant impact on some of our premium brands as we have seen those typically translate into slower online sales. But overall, we feel pretty good about where we are. We will see where the lockdowns go. That will open up the market. And as that comes back to a more stable predictability, we feel good about where we are and what we built in terms of capabilities on the ground during a very difficult 18 months.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jonathan Feeney of Consumer Edge. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Feeney: Good morning. Thanks very much. I just wanted to follow-up about your thoughts about big picture about promotional efficacy. The big debate is how much  I know you talked about everybody is wondering how much promotion is going to come back structurally. But I wanted to dig in and any comment you could have about are more people  people have gotten trained off of buying on deals. So, now a little bit more promos coming back in. Its a little bit more little-by-little anyway. How is promotional  is promotional efficacy where you are promoting working better or worse than your expectations, particularly in, say, North America and Europe, developed markets? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Yes. Jonathan, thanks for the question. Clearly, I think as the consumer becomes more strapped relative to inflation, they will be more astute in looking at promotions. I can characterize at least where promotional volumes are, particularly for North America. And it would be somewhat a generalized consensus for the rest of the world. Our promotional volumes are slightly down year-to-date. That was deliberately  deliberate. We have pulled back on some aggressive couponing that can drive volume, but doesnt do much for your P&L. We have seen some of our competitors follow that strategy, not all of them. I would say our two key competitors have taken their promotions up a little bit in the U.S. But you saw the U.S. numbers, at least our consumption continues to be very strong. In North America, we were up or flat in 8 of our 12 categories. Our toothpaste business and toothbrush business continue to perform quite well with share growth. And we have done that with good innovation and pulling back a little bit on promotion. Now, where does it go moving forward, I think promotions will be sharply managed by the categories and by our competitors. And we will have to watch that very carefully. But clearly, I think you would expect to see a little bit more volume sold on promotion moving forward, returning to much more normalized levels given the fact that the trade and our competitors will be looking to drive a little bit more volume in the categories. But we are going to watch that very carefully. Again, I think it comes down to your ability to leverage your portfolio effectively. A lot of the work that we have done in revenue growth management really gets to the heart of that on how to balance entry price point, mid-price point and premium price points in order to drive value to the category and to our customers and ultimately giving the consumer a good proposition to take home.
Operator: Our next question will come from Nik Modi of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Nik Modi: Yes. Thank you. Good morning everyone. Noel, I was just hoping you can reconcile the inventory destocking dynamic. I am just thinking about fill rates are recovering. At the same time, the categories in which you play are high frequency. So, is this just a broader retailer decision based on dollar-based inventory that they are holding across the store, or is purchase frequency, lets say, within oral care, people are squeezing a little extra out of their tube, and the purchase cycles are getting a little wider. Any perspective around that would be helpful.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Trips are down, but starting to turn a little bit. We are not seeing significant changes in, obviously, household penetration across our categories. Consumers may be losing a little bit less. We will have to watch that moving forward. The basic driver in volume has been just more deliberate shifts in some of our trade partners trying to manage their costs, particularly as they see discretionary items slow. They have had to look at, obviously, their full basket of inventory and take inventory down more, quite frankly, across the enterprise. We watch, as I mentioned upfront, very, very carefully with our trade partners. We watch out of stocks. Our case fills are all back up, obviously, looking good across the business with the exception of the early supply chain constraints we had on Hills, as I mentioned. But we feel good about where we are from that standpoint, which gives us a lot more visibility and a lot more confidence as we deal with our trade partners to give them what they need. Again, predicting what they are going to do towards the end of the quarter becomes difficult. But I think as these things stabilize, inventories stay down at these levels, the trade will look to high velocity categories is their first priority to take back up because thats whats going to drive traffic in their stores.
Operator: Our next question will come from Mark Astrachan of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Mark Astrachan: Yes. Thanks and good morning everyone. Just a few questions for me. One, could you just comment on what global volume growth would be in your categories? Second, just maybe remind us thoughts about pricing, particularly in pets, if there is any sort of deflation? And then just more broadly on pricing, how are you thinking about maintaining the pricing that you have taken? What would be the expectation for that retention? And has there been any sort of change from a retailer standpoint in terms of your discussions about taking or retaining? And maybe if you could talk a bit  I know some of the questions were talking about that domestically, but maybe if you could talk on a global basis, your perspective, that would be helpful. Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Yes. Global categories, we are tracking today around 3% to 4%, maybe a little shy of that in volumes, but value more or less 3% to 4%. And obviously, as pricing goes into the market, you see the ebbs and flows there. But overall, we expect volumes to recover. We do think purchase cycles, as I mentioned earlier, will get a little bit more elongated. Consumers will watch their consumption and their pantries quite carefully. We have seen  we watch the pantry inventories. We have seen a little bit of that come down, but thats to be expected. But overall, I mean we are looking at global category growth in the 3% to 4% range. And obviously, we are growing above that generally around the world. And so that obviously leads to better consumption on our categories or at least better shares. In terms of pricing in the categories, our ability to retain that, that depends largely, quite frankly, on our innovation and the value proposition we are bringing to consumers. And we have spent a lot of time. Its not just taking pricing. There is a lot of re-launches into that RGM strategy that we have been talking about to ensure that across all price points, we are adding value to the consumer, something new and different for them to continue to use our brands and see longevity in terms of the interest they have in our equities. And so we have been very careful to ensure that its not just straight pricing that we are bringing value, whether its through price pack architecture, through better innovation in terms of science-driven claims, etcetera, etcetera. Specifically on Hills, I think its very much about the innovation strategy that we have, the Derm Complete launch, significant innovation. The obesity diets that we have, significant innovation in the market. So, that drives real value with the consumer that we can communicate and justify the price increases that we have. So, we will continue to execute against that strategy, and we will watch the categories carefully as we balance volume and price moving forward.
Operator: The last question will come from Steve Powers of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Steve Powers: Well. Great. Thanks. I actually want to go back to Europe, and you spoke about this a bit, but I guess I was getting a question just like a little more perspective on your outlook on European profitability and whether or not you thought it is going to get worse before it gets better or whether or not you saw improvement on the horizon. And maybe as part of that, I guess I was also curious what you are seeing from some of your European-based competitors, which are obviously on the other side of the FX wall here and how that may be playing into pricing considerations and competitive considerations perhaps in Europe as a headwind to profitability or maybe its  or maybe more globally?
Noel Wallace: Yes. Europe had a good quarter. Obviously, this has been an incredible undertaking to get that level of pricing in the P&L. You havent seen that, quite frankly, in a long, long time. And I think it plays out  plays back to a lot of the work and the focus that we have had around revenue growth management. Europe is doing an extraordinary job. Steve, you know the trade there can be difficult, but we have seen a lot of good opportunities to take pricing in the categories. Its also, I think underscored the ability to bring real new news to the categories, and we are doing that across the board. We have strong brands in oral care in Europe. Obviously, Meridol and Elmex at the premium side of the business continue to grow in this environment despite the fact that we have led on pricing. So, we feel pretty good about where we are. I again mentioned that the home care business across the world is the challenge, and we are taking a very deeper look at exactly what we need to do to ensure we continue to drive more volume in those categories. We have got strong businesses in home care in Europe, and we need to be mindful of that. I will mention, I guess as a point private label. Private label, down across all our categories in North America. In market shares, you have seen it inch up, but you would expect a little bit more in Europe. So, we are going to have to watch that. This is a market that will be challenged in the next six months, given the inflationary pressures they are under that everyone is well aware of. And we are thinking very carefully about how to continue to execute successfully. The key is getting pricing in the P&L, which allows us  the leverage that we need to do the things that we need to do moving forward.
Operator: This concludes the Q&A portion of our call. I will now return the call to Noel Wallace, Colgates Chairman, President and CEO, for any closing remarks.
End of Q&A:
Noel Wallace: Yes. Well, thanks everyone and good questions. I want to come back to just a couple of concluding remarks. As you have seen, I think our strategy continues to pay off. The broad-based growth is encouraging, all four categories, all six divisions, the innovation stream that we are putting in the market, thats a testament to a lot of the changes we have made in innovation over the last couple of years, thats driving premiumization and making sure we sustain our strong core businesses, particularly at the entry level. The digital transformation is having a profound impact on how we operate around the world, how we drive RGM, how we drive content. So, we think we have a well positioned portfolio moving forward. The most important and I am really proud of how our team has executed the strategy to deliver the continued organic sales growth. There has been a tremendous amount of headwinds against the business, but we have now delivered 15 straight quarters of either in line or above our 3% to 5% target. And this quarter was 7% organic, is a terrific quarter. And we are very proud of the work that the teams on the ground are doing. So, with that, I wish all of you a healthy and safe end of the year. And I look forward to speaking to you in January.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending todays call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-29 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day. And welcome to todays Colgate-Palmolive Companys Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded and its being simulcast live at www.colgatepalmolive.com. Now for opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to the Chief Investor Relations Officer and Senior Vice President, M&Q, John Faucher. Please go ahead, John. Thank you.
John Faucher: Thanks, Caroline. Good morning. And welcome to our 2022 second quarter earnings release conference call. This is John Faucher. Todays conference call will include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from these statements. Please refer to the earnings press release and earnings materials and our most recent filings with the SEC, including our 2021 annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings, all available on Colgates website, for a discussion of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these statements. This conference call will also include a discussion of non-GAAP financial measures including those identified in Tables 8 and 9 of the earnings press release. A full reconciliation to the corresponding GAAP financial measures is included in the earnings press release and is available on Colgates website. Joining me on the call this morning are Noel Wallace, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Stan Sutula, Chief Financial Officer. Noel will now provide you with his thoughts on our Q2 results and our 2022 outlook. We will then open it up for Q&A. Noel?
Noel Wallace: Thanks, John, and thanks to all of you for joining us this morning. I am delighted to share with you our second quarter results. On the first quarter call, I talked about my confidence that our organic sales growth would accelerate from our first quarter results. Some of this was due to the improvement in trends in February, March and April that we discussed on the call. But what really gives me confidence is the fundamental changes Colgate people have made to drive growth, which is why we are raising our organic sales growth guidance to 5% to 7% for 2022. Our second quarter results including double-digit organic sales growth in Oral Care and Pet Nutrition, show that the growth strategies we put in place three years ago are delivering on our objectives and how the power of our global portfolio is working. We are delivering growth across all of our divisions and all of our categories. We are showing the ability to take pricing because we have built healthier brands. We have built up our innovation capabilities so we can deliver more breakthrough and transformational innovation that can drive both category growth and market share. We have accelerated our digital transformation across the company by leveraging the capabilities we have built at Hills and in China, and other developed markets to lead ecommerce in our markets where this important growth channel is underdeveloped. And crucially in this operating environment, our revenue growth management tools are driving positive pricing and mixes our efforts to offset the significant raw material and logistics inflation we are seeing, although, the -- along with the productivity and our ability to improve our price mix, which has enabled us to rebuild our gross margin moving forward. And looking at the quarter, the second quarter marked our 14th consecutive quarter with organic sales growth either in or above our long-term target range of 3% to 5% and that growth is broad based. We delivered organic sales growth in all six of our divisions. We delivered organic sales growth in all four of our categories, Oral Care, Pet Nutrition, Personal Care and Home Care, with all four categories either in line with or above our long-term target range of 3% to 5%. As we discussed on the first quarter call, our execution on revenue growth management and premiumization allowed us to deliver a 500 basis points sequential acceleration in pricing growth. Encouragingly, despite this pricing, our volume performance also improved sequentially in the quarter on both a one year and a two-year basis, behind strong marketing plans, innovation and improved supply chain performance. Our market share performance continues to improve with our global toothpaste and manual toothbrushes are now up on a year-to-date basis. We continue to deliver on productivity with another strong quarter of funding to growth, which is vital to our plans to regain lost gross margin. As we enter the back half, we are just beginning to see early benefits from my 2022 global productivity initiative. Over the next 18 months, this program will help drive operating leverage. But we are still dealing with a very difficult cost environment. We now expect $1.3 billion in raw material and packaging inflation, with higher logistics costs as well. Foreign Exchange has become a bigger headwind since our first quarter earnings release. The euro has moved to parity with the dollar and most other currencies have weakened as well. But we will continue to invest in our brands, advertising spending was up on $1 basis, with continued shift to working from non-working and higher focus on digital spending. We are investing our capital to drive future growth as well. We are building capacity to meet strong consumer demand, particularly for Hills, but also for other projects like our recyclable tube, which we continue to roll out across the globe. As we look to the balance of 2022 and into next year, we are focused on executing our strategies with the right innovation, brand support revenue growth management and capital plans to deliver on our long-term growth targets, while working to rebuild our gross margins and deliver sustainable profitable growth in all four of our categories. And with that, I am happy to take your questions. Caroline, can we move to the Q&A. Caroline?
John Faucher: Okay. If everyone can just hold on, we are working. It seems like theres a problem on their end on the call.
Noel Wallace: Are we in? Yeah.
John Faucher: You are muted. Yeah. We are working on it. Everyone can just hold tight. Theres a problem on the conference call and so, hopefully, we will be back up shortly. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley. Apologies, that question will actually come from Peter Grom with UBS.
Peter Grom: Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Noel Wallace: Hey, Peter.
Peter Grom: I hope you are doing well. Yeah. So, Noel, I was just wondering if we could take a step back and can you maybe just give us an update on kind of the health of the consumer in some of your key markets, particularly emerging markets and maybe specifically Latin America? Are you beginning to see any signs of softening demand or trade down in your core categories? And I guess, how do you think emerging market growth evolves from here as we look out to the back half of the year and potentially into 2023? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Yeah. Sure. Thanks for the question. If you scan at least the numbers we are looking around the world, you continue to see great pretty good vitality at the consumer level, emerging markets growing mid-single digits, obviously some slowdown in the developed world, particularly out of Europe where you saw some sluggishness in the categories. But specifically to your question on emerging, it looks pretty good now. A lot of pricing as you can imagine going through, but if we come back to our overarching strategy and as we really laid out in the first quarter that we would be continuing to take pricing coupled with strong revenue growth management, but more importantly, accelerating our innovation cycle into those markets. Strong innovation on the premium and the value orientation side has allowed us obviously to continue to deliver strong topline growth, both in price and in volume. We will watch the consumer really closely, Peter. We obviously have a lot of teams on the ground, looking at exactly where the elasticities are. But so far, elasticities are in line with what we expected or slightly better. But that will change over time as you see more and more pricing going into the market and other economic factors impact categories. But, overall, so far we have seen the categories behave as we expected. Not a lot of trade down, but its early days. We will see how that evolves over time.
Operator: And our next question will come from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.
Dara Mohsenian: Hey, guys.
Noel Wallace: Hi, Dara.
Dara Mohsenian: So, you just mentioned the elasticity looks pretty good so far. Can you just talk a little bit about the competitive environment, given the strong pricing you are able to realize in the quarter? Are you seeing competitors move at similar levels? And then specifically, maybe talk a little bit about the Americas in terms of the sustainability of this growth turnaround we have seen in the U.S.? And if you could just touch on the consumer in Latin America, that would be helpful also? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Sure. In terms of, just an overarching statement on competition, clearly, its been constructive relative to how we have seen competitors behave and I dont pretend to understand their strategies or quite frankly react to them. We are very focused on executing our strategies in the marketplace and as we laid out again in early on the first quarter call that we would be taking a leading pricing in some of the markets, and ultimately, we expected given the inflation is impacting everyone, we would see competition follow as well and thats been the case by and large around the world. So, overall, a constructive environment relative to pricing. In terms of the Americas, obviously, you have seen strong turnaround in our North America business. Again, we highlighted that we were taking pricing and saw momentum build in the first quarter, and that continued as we mentioned in the first quarter call through April, and obviously, you see now with the performance of the North America business, a good performance overall. I would call out that, obviously, they saw strong consumption across the categories. The innovation is certainly taking hold, excited to see the takeaway on Pro Series, which is at the premium end of the toothpaste. You have seen the market share and scanner performance, with scanner data in the U.S. up in 11, eight -- eight of 11 categories over the last 13 weeks, which again, I think, shows the turnaround of that business, and importantly, the performance of some of our innovation coming in broad-based across all the categories in which we compete. So, overall, good. We are watching this closely. Its an unpredictable environment relative to where we see consumers evolving, where we see inflation evolving. But the good news is, we have taken pricing, we have more pricing planned across the world moving into the back half and we will watch the consumer impact of that very carefully.
Dara Mohsenian: Okay.
Operator: And Chris Carey with Wells Fargo Securities has our next question.
Chris Carey: Hi. Good morning. So pretty good progress on North American margins sequentially as pricing has built, you noted in the prepared remarks that, your supply chain headwinds are starting to abate and with pretty good traction with the consumer on this pricing, I just wonder if you have any updated thoughts on where we stand today on just the potential to rebuild margins in that segment even amidst the inflation, which is going to be a little bit higher than your prior expectations?
Noel Wallace: Yeah. Thanks, Chris. You have known our company for many years, how focused we are on gross profit and we will continue to be laser focused on recovering gross profit as we move through the balance of this year and into 2023. The pricing and innovation strategies and revenue growth management discipline that we have across the organization is clearly focused and tailored towards getting our teams equipped to find innovative ways to drive category growth, get value into the categories through pricing and other innovation initiatives and that will clearly be the roadmap moving forward. And we feel quite confident given the health of our brands, the investment that we have been putting behind our brands, that we will have the ability to continue to take pricing in the marketplace. We will watch it very closely as I mentioned. But recognizing we have a very broad portfolio of products. We compete at the high end and at the low end of the market, and historically, we have been able to flex our portfolio quite well in markets where we have had difficult economic circumstances. So we will continue to innovate across all price points and be sure that we are capturing any trade down if that happens, which we have not seen at this stage. But, ultimately, I would expect you will see some trade down moving forward and we will continue to innovate the top end to drive the premiumization opportunity that we see.
Operator: And our next question will come from Andrea Teixeira with JP Morgan.
Andrea Teixeira: Good morning and thank you for the new call format and prepared remarks. So my question is on pricing and a follow-up on volumes in Europe and Asia-Pac. On pricing, you had an impressive 8.5 global uptick in the quarter globally and about 3% in North America. So I believe there is additional pricing or as you mentioned coming through potentially oral care, I believe in the U.S. in July. Can you confirm the timing and the magnitude? And in Europe, in terms of volumes, you lost -- perhaps you lost temporary distribution, because you had a 3% decline in volume there. I mean, not sure if its related to the war. And if you can round up the Asia-Pac exit rate also, Noel Wallace, because you exit and you had a minus 17, just to make sure that we recover all basis. I mean not to take the -- and obviously the 9% organic growth, but I just want to make sure that we know the puts and takes there? Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Yeah. Thanks. A lot packed in that one. So let me talk a little bit about the overarching thoughts around organic growth in the topline. Obviously, strong pricing is 8.5. But I call out the positive volume growth where we saw across North America, Asia and Hills, and if you take obviously the impact of Russia, that volume moved up nearly 100 basis points. So, overall, we are very pleased with the broadness of the pricing that we took across all divisions and the positive volume growth that we saw across some of the markets that I just mentioned. When you look at, specifically calling out some of the other markets, Europe obviously was impacted by a couple of things, the negotiations on pricing certainly impacted categories. We tend to see some elasticity in Europe happen early on as the market adjusted to the new pricing, but ultimately, that tends to become -- that is mitigated over time as you see everyone take pricing. Asia, you asked about, obviously strong growth in Asia, both in pricing and in volume. We had an easier comp on Hawley & Hazel, but I would call out the CP China business, which grew significantly in the quarter as well on a more difficult comp. So overall really pleased with China, despite the lockdowns that we saw in the marketplace there. So we were able to overcome that and deliver strong consumption growth across most of our business. So, overall, we are pleased with the balance of pricing and volume. We are pleased with how we are getting pricing executed, and more importantly, we are pleased with the innovation thats going into the market across multiple price points in order to sustain that moving forward. Moving forward, I would say that, we will continue to be pushing pricing and my expectation is we will see some pressure on volume in the year to go, but thats to be expected as we get more pricing in the market. The important part is the balance of innovation across all price points to mitigate that.
Operator: And our next question will come from Kaumil Gajrawala with Credit Suisse.
Kaumil Gajrawala: Hey guys. Good morning.
Noel Wallace: Good morning.
Kaumil Gajrawala: Can you talk maybe or compare and contrast what your market shares look like from a volume perspective versus revenue perspective. Obviously, elasticities are better than planned, but curious on how it looks like versus the market. And then on your assumptions for commodity costs, are they linked to just assuming spot stays where it is or do you have some assumptions in there for things, particularly like palm oil and such? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Yes. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, very -- we are very pleased with the share performance. Now recognize that a lot of the share performance that we public -- that we make public dont pickup ecommerce shares and some of the untracked channels. But that being said, our global shares continue to track well on both toothpaste and toothbrushes. Obviously, we are taking pricing. So we are seeing value shares respond to that. Volume shares have been a little bit softer. But if you look back historically, where you have seen very acute pricing enter the marketplace, over time, you see volume come down. But over time, as I mentioned, its our responsibility to bring innovation across price points, our responsibility to work with the trade to drive volume back in the categories. We have big traffic builders. Our brands are strong around the world and we know our retailers rely on us to bring traffic into their stores and drive volume and basket. So we will continue to focus on finding innovation to ensure that the volume aspect of the category is protected. But I do expect, as we get more pricing in the market, volumes will be a little bit soft year to go, but we will manage that very, very closely. On commodity specifically, again, coming back to the first quarter, we talked about $1.2 billion of raw material inflation. We have adjusted that up to $1.3 billion this quarter. There is most of that will come in the second quarter, but we will get a lot of that coming back through the back half of the year. We have new spot rates as you mentioned and we have seen, obviously, some commodities come down, but we are pretty much locked in for the third quarter. Any benefit to any deflation that we see will get a little bit of that in the fourth quarter, possibly more of that coming in 2023. But we will look to, obviously continue to take pricing given the unprecedented environment that we are seeing both on raw materials and logistics, and make sure that we have the marketing plans to execute that effectively.
Operator: And our next question will come from Kevin Grundy with Jefferies.
Kevin Grundy: Great. Thanks. Good morning, everyone, and congrats on quarter as always.
Noel Wallace: Hi, Kevin.
Kevin Grundy: Hey. Good morning. Good morning, everyone. Noel, just to kind of pull together some of the pieces of what you have touched on with respect and as it pertains to the guidance, so you hedged it up your 5% from 4% to 6%. And, I am just looking to get at some of the macro and category-specific assumptions underlying that, understanding its going to differ little bit by category, but it does imply the midpoint of deceleration in the back half of the year, again to each of year-over-year comparisons. And maybe just touch on that a little bit and maybe just some conservatism around elasticities that you have seen and should elasticities hold its upside, but maybe just comment on pulling together some of the commentary so forth and so far on the call relative to the guidance in the back half? Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Yeah. So, obviously, we have taken our guidance up based on the consumption we are seeing in the market based on the fact that we have been able to get strong pricing and early on, obviously, see some good volume moving through the P&L. FX continues to be the biggest incremental issue that we see based on where we were in the first quarter. But, overall, we see the categories behaving as we expected. Now given the incredible unpredictability of whats happening in the global world right now, we are watching those category performance very, very carefully. Our estimations are based on the fact the elasticity will be consistent with what we expected it to be or slightly better and we will adjust accordingly as we move down the road, but its very difficult to predict exactly whats going to happen at this stage. So we based our macros on what we can see today and what we can control. So lets come back to what we can control. We control the execution of our strategy and we are executing against all the things that we have talked about, driving the core, looking at adjacencies, new channels and some of the faster growth channels particularly ecommerce, and you see that delivering in the results that we have had over the last 14 quarters. So we are pleased with the strategies taking hold. I think the competencies we are building around digital across the entire enterprise, the competencies that we are building on innovation are all starting to track well in terms of how we evaluate them and we are seeing that play out in the performance.
Operator: Our next question will come from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: Good morning, everyone.
Noel Wallace: Hey, Bryan.
Bryan Spillane: I wanted to ask a question about just -- more broadly about just the rebuilding of gross margins and so like forgetting about the constructs of fiscal years and timeframes. Just is it -- can you rebuild gross margins if inflation were to or your cost of goods basket today were to stay at its current level so the inflation doesnt proceed? Would it be possible to rebuild gross margins with cost at this level or does it somewhat depend upon some sort of disinflation, if you will, in the cost basket?
Noel Wallace: Yeah. It depends on a couple of things, Bryan. First and foremost, we believe that over the longer term our focus is on rebuilding gross margins and we feel quite confident that we can do that, particularly in the current environment, given the strength of our brand, the investment we are putting behind the brands and the innovation grid that we have out in front of us. A couple of things that need to happen, obviously, the pricing in the market needs to hold, as you see inflation come down, its a real question of where competitors will go with pricing. We think its been quite rational to this stage. We think that given the unprecedented levels that you will see constructive moves around pricing and promotion moving forward. But we are prepared for that. Its really the flex of our portfolio across different price points that we need to manage very, very carefully. So in my view, if inflation holds, the big determinant will be, will pricing hold, and my sense is, given where we see the marketplace today, that will be the case. So the answer is longer term, yes, we absolutely believe that we can rebuild gross margins.
Bryan Spillane: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Ottenstein with Evercore.
Rob Ottenstein: Great. Thank you very much and congratulations on terrific results. Also kind of stepping back, Noel, over the last two years or three years, and what appears to us to be a very disciplined and systematic manner, you have kind of addressed various issues, whether its channel in the drug stores and in digital, whether its premiumization, whether its competition against local brands and really you have done a fantastic job executing and improving the momentum of the business on a commercial basis. Apart from the macro factors that are going on today and not to diminish those, but in terms of the general commercial strategy, where is the focus now in terms of improving your actual business momentum and what are you doing to address that? Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Thanks, Rob, and good morning. So if you come back again, I think, to the heart of our strategy, which is big core businesses that need to be innovated against and you see that coming through. We have got a pretty significant innovation on our anti-cavity business going, coming out in some of the developing part of the world. The premiumization aspect that we have talked about for quite some time, Rob. We continue to obviously unfold that across different parts of our category, whether it would be on our Hills business or whether it be on our Oral Care business, most recently with the Pro Series launch, which is a great innovation with our highest level of hydrogen peroxide in the marketplace. And obviously, looking into the adjacencies and new channels, if we talk about new channels specifically to your point, we still see a lot of runway there. Most of our markets, our online share is now above our general market share, which is terrific. I call out China specifically where we are up as you saw in the prepared remarks, 600 basis points on our ecommerce share and thats the largest ecommerce business we have in Oral Care across the world and thats been driven through good premium innovation, a lot of good personalized marketing, getting into data driven decisions in terms of how we think about it. I come back to the success we have on digital and really equate it back to what we did with Hills years back. I mean, that knowledge transfer that we had on Hills where we went digital and online is transferring all around the world and we are seeing great results in our ecommerce business specifically. Its up to now about 14% of our total sales. It was up nearly 20% in the quarter in terms of growth. So, overall, we are seeing a lot of those strategies we put in place. Moving forward, not a lot of changes, Rob. We are focused on the execution. I think getting some of the supply chain constraints behind us is critically important for us and that allows us to get back to focusing on what we do best, which is execution and innovation across multiple price points and thats exactly where we see things unfolding. Revenue growth management will be critically important to our success moving forward. I think the discipline that we have on the ground quarter-to-quarter gets better. Are we where we need to be? No. But the pricing you see reflected over the last two quarters where you see at least a two-year stack on pricing, which looks terrific for us, I think is a testament to the fact that we are finding ways to build off the strength of our brands and get value executed in the marketplace. So, not a lot of changes, more focused on revenue growth management, more focused on our productivity initiatives. And in terms of funding the growth and our Global Productivity Program, which you are well aware of, getting that executed in the back half and early 2023. So, again, lets focus on what we do best, get on our front foot and continue to execute.
Operator: Our next question will come from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank.
Steve Powers: Yes. Hey. Good morning. Noel, actually picking up on some of the things you were just talking about -- at the end, I guess, based on your prepared remarks and your commentary just now, it sounds like most of your earlier supply chain issues have generally abated around the world. I just wanted to confirm that and to see if call -- if -- see if there is any color you have around bottlenecks that you are still working through, number one. And then number two, on line of sight to funding the growth and savings from the Global Productivity initiative. Just maybe a little bit of color around how those savings can accelerate in the back half, I think, they are expected to, but just maybe confirm that and whether we should expect that to skew at all to the fourth quarter versus the third quarter?
Noel Wallace: Yeah. Thanks, Steve, and good morning. So let me address the supply chain first. Clearly, a lot of headwinds over the last six months to nine months, COVID related, obviously, at the heart of that, which has been somewhat consistent with the space and you are seeing others obviously talk about that more now. A lot of the supply chain North America issues are behind us, you have seen that obviously translate into much better on shelf availability, and obviously, that translates into good consumption for our brands and the market share performance that we had over the last 13 weeks. It is still a very, very unpredictable environment in terms of what we are seeing there. The team is all over it. But I think the tougher part is behind us certainly across North America. I would say, given the strong demand that we are seeing on Hills, obviously, that team is doing an extraordinary job, continuing to deliver on what we need to have to meet the demand we are seeing in the marketplace. Obviously, 18% organic, comping 15% from last year is a really strong performance and I give the supply chain -- our global supply chain who is pulling on resources from all of our businesses around the world to bring in thoughts and ideas on how to continue to meet that capacity. We made some good strategic decisions on our balance sheet. Obviously, the Nutriamo facility that we have opening up in Europe will alleviate some of that, but we need to watch Hills carefully, because obviously, the consumption is high, which I dont anticipate we will see that level of consumption quarter-to-quarter. We will see some strengths and some slowdown. But, overall, the underlying fundamentals of that business are strong. We need to ensure we continue to execute from a supply chain standpoint. So, overall, we feel much better about where we are globally from a supply chain. On funding the growth and GPI. GPI as we mentioned will be more back half loaded and into 2023. We had a marginal amount of savings come through in the second quarter. The bulk of the savings will come through in the third quarter and fourth quarter and into 2023, and you will see obviously that likewise in funding the growth. Its pretty evenly spaced. But, historically, we get a little bit more funding the growth in the back half and the teams are obviously very focused. We talked about that in the first quarter call that we had a lot more focus against funding the growth given the unprecedented environment, and fortunately, the global productivity initiative that we put in place last year in anticipation of a more difficult marketplace, we are starting to see the benefits of that unfold this year.
Operator: And our next question will come from Olivia Tong with Raymond James.
Olivia Tong: I want to talk about how in your view the competitive environment might change given all the global sort of macro slowdown concerns? Does it --how do you think about this? Does it perhaps puts you in a better competitive positioning, particularly in emerging markets versus some smaller local players? And then just following up, you mentioned a couple of times that you do expect trade down. You havent seen it yet, but you are expecting it to come. But you are still planning to price, and obviously, the Hills results speak for themselves. So if you could just kind of triangulate those different pieces of expecting trade down, but obviously, not seeing it yet, that would be helpful? Thank you so much.
Noel Wallace: Yeah. A couple of things. So, first of all, if I take the back end of your question first, the strategy that we have deployed in high inflationary times, which we have a lot of experience in this marketplace doing that is to balance our entire portfolio. We have -- we compete across multiple price points. In some countries, five to six different price points in a specific category. That allows us to be very thoughtful on where we take pricing and when we take pricing. And obviously, a lot of the analytics that we have in place, Olivia, now allow us to kind of see where consumers are trading in and out of to ensure that we are adjusting our strategies accordingly. And I think that flexibility and agility that we have learned over the years in managing high inflationary markets has afforded us the opportunity to think very carefully about how we want to adjust to this moving forward. The competitive environment may change, for sure. If inflation becomes more benign, there may be a decision by others to decide to put that into promotion to get some volume. But as I mentioned earlier on, I think, the market seems to be acting quite rationally. This is an unprecedented environment for all CPG relative to the levels of inflation and so my instinct is you are not going to see a lot of people chasing volume by discounting price, they are going to try to get -- regain margin into the P&L. You know, Colgate is very focused on gross profit. We will continue to be focused on getting pricing into the P&L as that allows us to maintain the advertising support to drive the topline and make sure we get our innovation while seated in the marketplace and I dont really see that changing over the foreseeable future. We will flex our portfolio accordingly and the good news is we compete across so many price points across all of our categories that we feel that buffers us a bit for against any trade down that we see in the marketplace.
Operator: We will now take a question from Mark Astrachan with Stifel.
Mark Astrachan: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning, everyone. I want to ask a question on Pet Care, specifically, without obviously drilling down too much. But the performance has been really strong, right? You go back even pre-pandemic, just really has gotten better since kind of mid-2000. I think what a lot of people know understand is that there were a lot of pet adoptions during the early parts of the pandemic, which continue. I guess if you could unpack a bit of how much of the contribution has come from that and maybe if you could talk about how you measure your success amongst that newer cohort in terms of your market share amongst those that have adopted pets over the last two years? And given that they are probably somewhat new to pet ownership, how do you think about the risk if any of trade down given where the economy maybe going?
Noel Wallace: Yeah. Back on Hills. Clearly, strong performance. The strategies that we have deployed on Hills are the same strategies we have deployed across all of our categories. And the learning that we have had from Hills, it certainly is they have been much more at the forefront on digital and online, as I mentioned earlier. That knowledge transfer has been terrific and shared the cross the world relative to how we are thinking about the business. And if you go back to the essence of our strategy, its faster growth channels, and obviously, they are looking at ecommerce as an opportunity for growth. The expansion into new markets, our global supply chain, as well as our global footprint allows them to think about more expansion. Clearly, they are seeing a pickup from pet ownership in the U.S. that works in perpetuity in many respects, because consumers are going to -- pet owners are going to continue to feed their pets. We have benefited, I think, from getting back to what we stand for which is science. Science is inherent to all of our core categories, whether its Oral Care, Skin Health and we use that platform to really drive innovation, drive superior consumer benefits and health benefits across the value chain and you are seeing that obviously translate into strong growth for that business. So, again, core adjacencies, channels, get back to what we stand for, which is science and superiority, leveraging our professional model across the enterprise. They have done a terrific job obviously with their vet partnerships, which again is akin to what we do in oral care and what we do in skincare. The digital work that Hills is doing is the best-in-class for us as a company. As you know, they built that business with a digital-first mindset. Obviously, now we are taking digital into thematic advertising as we expand penetration for the brand and expand brand awareness, which candidly are quite low still. So, all in all, we feel very good about where we are. Strong growth, we have got tough comps moving forward, as I mentioned earlier, but we feel pretty good about where we are and where the consumer is. If you go back to 2007, 2008, during the last recession, we did not see a lot of trade down out of the Hills business during that time. So we feel pretty good. The brand is stronger. We are innovating and we are spending behind the brand moving forward. Obviously, the supply chain is an opportunity to move this forward and we are using our balance sheet accordingly to address that.
Operator: Your next question will come from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: Hi. Thanks. Good morning.
Noel Wallace: Hi, Lauren.
Lauren Lieberman: I just had two questions. First of all, just to clarify, you would mentioned earlier, plans on second half pricing and I was just curious and if you can tell us geographically, I think, it was in regard to North America, specifically, but I just was -- if you are looking for a little bit more detail on that? And then the second thing was on advertising spending. In the release, you had mentioned a plan now for it to be flat as a percentage of sales, still up in dollar terms and you did raise the sales outlook, but I just wanted to get a sense for how you might describe advertising spending plans today versus where they maybe were at the start of the year? That would just be helpful. Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Sure. So, on pricing, let me just make it more on a global basis. Clearly, with the inflation that we have seen as we talked about in the first quarter and we are very clear in laying out visibility in the first quarter around where we saw pricing evolve through the quarter. Obviously, it accelerated in the back half of the first quarter and into April. We expect pricing will accelerate as we look at our organic growth composition through the balance of the year. That means obviously that we will have new pricing executed in the back half of the year and that will be pretty broad based across the world. I am not going to get into specific regions. But I will say that we will be taking pricing across both to developed and developing world in the back half of the year and that will be depend on categories, competitive situations and we are looking at each of that very closely, but broad based we are taking pricing across the world. Relative to advertising, obviously, given the strong topline, the percentage of sales came down. Our absolute dollar was a little bit up. We expect our dollar increase to be up in the back half of the year as we continue to support our strong innovation plans and as a percentage of sales, we are estimating that, that will come in more or less in line with where we were last year. You saw in the prepared remarks, we are spending a lot more time thinking about our digital advertising and the return on investment. We are getting there. We are moving a lot more money from non-working into working media in order to balance some of the growth opportunities we see in the market. So we feel pretty good about where we are from an advertising standpoint and intend to continue to invest to build our branch.
Operator: And our final question will come from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Noel Wallace: Hi, Jason.
Jason English: Hey, there. Thanks for spotting me in. If -- sorry, if my question is redone into maybe your prepared remarks, your 10-Q, but we got a lot of information dumped on us today. I must confess, I have not been able to get through all of it. But a couple of things that stood out to me. North America, the sequential improvement in margins was certainly impressive and better than I was expecting. I havent been able to get to the drivers in your Q yet, but can you give us any more color on what contributed to, I guess, the statement of year-on-year decline and the sequential uptick and whether or not just anything transitory aiding that?
Noel Wallace: Sure. Thanks. So, obviously, the North America had strong sequential improvement in margin, obviously, up around a couple of hundred basis points that you saw as we put it in the prepared remarks. Dollar sales growth is driving that and obviously good topline growth, a good consumption growth across our categories. I mentioned earlier, Jason, that at least the last 13 weeks we have seen share growth in eight of our 1 categories, which again, I think, is the result of obviously the execution results we are getting in the marketplace, the innovation, working our promotions effectively in the marketplace and some of the new products that we put in place. But, obviously, we are going to continue to focus on gross margin expansion across both North America and the company. Gross profit is the key focus. The funding the growth initiatives that we have in place, getting the mix right, getting the innovation right in Oral Care as we move through the back half of the year will be critically important. Supply chain was a contributor to that as well. Obviously, we have got some of those issues that are behind us, still a lot of pressure. We need to focus on logistics, which continues to be a real headwind for both North America and the company, and as we see opportunities in the back half, we will certainly look to take those.
Jason English: Good stuff, Thanks a lot.
Operator: And we have no further questions at this time. So I will turn the conference back over to Noel Wallace for any closing remarks.
Noel Wallace: Well, thanks everyone. Again, broad based growth across the company, executing and transferring knowledge across our core categories, we are seeing obviously good consumption. Obviously an unprecedented environment around pricing, we will continue to be focused on revenue growth management, our funding the growth initiatives and our global productivity initiative as we go into the back half. Thanks for the call this morning and we look forward to talk with everyone soon.
Operator: And that does conclude todays conference. Once, again, thanks everyone for joining us. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-29 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to todays Colgate-Palmolive Company First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgatepalmolive.com. Now for opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to Chief Investor Relations Officer, John Faucher. Please go ahead, John.
John Faucher: Thanks, Cristina. Good morning and welcome to our 2022 first quarter earnings release conference call. This is John Faucher. Todays conference call will include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from these statements. Please refer to the earnings press release and our most recent filings with the SEC, including our 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings, all available on Colgates website, for a discussion of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these statements. This conference call will also include a discussion of non-GAAP financial measures including those identified in Tables 5 and 6 of the earnings press release. A full reconciliation to the corresponding GAAP financial measures is included in the earnings press release and is available on Colgates website. Joining me on the call this morning are Noel Wallace, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Stan Sutula, Chief Financial Officer. Noel will provide you with his thoughts on our Q1 results and our 2022 outlook. We will then open it up for Q&A. Noel?
Noel Wallace: Thanks, John and good morning to all of you. Given the release of the prepared commentary earlier this morning, I will keep my remarks fairly short as I am certain you have a number of questions. Obviously, 2022 is shaping up as a more difficult year than we anticipated with greater-than-expected increases in raw materials as you have seen from others, particularly fats and oils and logistics. This is offsetting what we think will be a very solid year for organic sales growth now that we are seeing our global supply chain stabilize following COVID-related lockdowns and stress in logistic networks around the world [Technical Difficulty] sales growth for the balance of the year. First off, we knew that Q1 will be the most difficult quarter given comparisons, supply chain issues and pricing negotiations. We exited the quarter with high single-digit pricing as we took more pricing in developed markets starting in February and continuing into April. We believe this is more indicative of the pricing we will see for the balance of the year. Elasticity seemed to be either in line or better than expectations and this should help limit incremental volume weakness from the higher pricing over the balance of the year. Encouragingly, as we said in our prepared remarks, volume and organic sales performance improved in February and March versus January and organic sales growth has continued to accelerate in April. Importantly, we are beginning to see the benefits of the stabilization in our global supply chain network with the impacts of COVID-related factory closures behind us and the opening of the global logistic capacities. Our guidance does not assume further COVID-related lockdowns in the balance of the year that would impact our ability to manufacture and distribute our products. Our U.S. on-shelf availability for toothpaste has been below normal for several months as we dealt with the same supply chain challenges you have heard about from other companies. By tapping into our global supply chain, we were able to restore shipments and our availability is now back to normal levels, which you are seeing reflected in better market share performance in toothpaste. And with the improved share performance in manual toothbrushes in the U.S., where our share is up 4.5 points year-to-date, we feel better about the trajectory of U.S. oral care. Combined with increased advertising through the balance of the year, significant innovation, particularly around whitening in the U.S. and in Asia and the relaunch of two important core brands, our Hawley & Hazel brand in China and the Hills Prescription Diet business, we feel confident in our forecast for an acceleration in organic sales growth for the balance of the year. This gets us to our new guidance of 4% to 6% organic sales growth. Tempering this outlook obviously is the difficult cost environment. Our entire cost factor has risen over the past few months, but the biggest impact has come in the area that we call fats and oils. Thats palm oil, palm krona oil, soybean oil, tallow and others. This has historically been our second biggest area of raw material spend behind coal new resins. Although given the inflation we are seeing this year, our spending in the second half on fats and oils will equal our spending on resins. These ingredients are used in every category we compete in and we expect a more than 60% increase across fats and oils this year. And while you know our global supply chain is a strategic advantage, the global nature of our supply chain is adding to costs in the current environment. Freight rates from Mexico to the U.S. are up 30% year-over-year and ocean freights have basically doubled. We continued to take significant steps to offset these headwinds. We are taking additional pricing and we are launching premium innovation. We established our 2022 global productivity initiative to drive further cost savings for this year and next year while accelerating our Funding the Growth initiatives. We have reduced our overhead ex-logistics spending by $30 million in the quarter versus the first quarter last year already. So, as we open it up for your questions, we know we need to execute on during the balance of the year and we are very focused against that. While we know our guidance is below our previous expectations, we believe that our cost forecasts are prudent and that our plans are well thought through and well supported to deliver on our organic sales growth guidance, while leaving us well positioned as we look to return to profitable growth. Thanks. And I will be happy to take your questions now.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.
Dara Mohsenian: Hey, guys. So just a two-part question on guidance. Noel, when you have this large external change in terms of higher costs, clearly, it requires a change in the level of guidance that we have today, but it also requires a change in sort of choices around the P&L in terms of pricing, levels of investment, productivity, etcetera. So a), just short-term with the new guidance, you quantified very well in the prepared remarks, the cost changes. Obviously, the org sales change. But can you just be a bit more specific on maybe some of the other drivers in terms of incremental price you are expecting with the new guidance for 2022, how you think about incremental productivity? Will it change ad spends at all? I am just  and part of the reason I ask it is you have got $650 million in higher costs, so thats a high-teens earnings impact. Thats sort of doubled the earnings revision in the guidance. So I am just trying to better understand the offsets, just some of the cost pressures? And then b), just wanted to really extend that same question more strategically longer term. You have obviously had success reaccelerating organic sales growth to some extent with the changes under your leadership. Do these sort of P&L decisions this year  how might, if at all, it impact the strategies you put in place or sort of the long-term top line growth trajectory as you look beyond this year? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Thanks, Dara. Let me start a little bit about the pricing comment, because I think its obviously core to how we are thinking about the balance of the year. As you know, we took pricing in at least the developed markets a little late in the quarter. As we had talked about in the fourth quarter, we have planned to take pricing in February, March and April and thats exactly what happened. So, we didnt get the benefits of the pricing in the first quarter P&L, largely in North America as well as Europe, while we were able to get significant pricing across the developing part of the world, it was North America and Europe, which lagged a little bit in the quarter. As we exited the quarter, we saw high single-digit pricing being executed, particularly in the March month and obviously, that has continued to transpire as we look at the strong sales that we are seeing in April. We have likewise continued to accelerate pricing in the developing part of the world in the year to go. So, a combination of what we are doing in the developed world and the execution of those prices, which was lagged a little bit, particularly in Europe as we were going through some longer negotiations than we anticipated as we entered the quarter  and we have consequently taken more pricing in the rest of the world, we feel very good about where we are for pricing and March being more indicative of the type of pricing that you will see in the balance of the year. So, so far so good, particularly around elasticities, volumes are more or less in line with where we thought. But its early days on elasticity. We will see how that unfolds in the balance of the year. But we obviously have, we believe a very strong innovation plan, very strong promotional plan as well. So, on pricing, which I think is core to our guidance, we feel pretty good based on what we have seen in March, as I said, where we see it in April and more importantly, the plans that we have put in place for the balance of the year. Strategically, in terms of choices no big changes there. I mean, we have a really strong growth plans. We have talked about going into the year on premium innovation as well as core innovation. You heard a little bit of that in my comments, two significant launches on core innovation. Thats our Hawley & Hazel business, which is the number one brand in China that is a complete portfolio change across the entire business. That was obviously some of the softness we saw in volume in the first quarter was driven by the fact that we were transitioning into an entirely new bundle across the entire portfolio. And likewise, on our prescription diet business, which you know we have had great success on the science diet, we are now taking a lot of those learnings into improved nutrition, improved packaging and conceptual execution on the Prescription Diet business, which is at a premium price. I would also say that on some of our other core businesses around the world, particularly given the pricing environment that we are faced with, we are now in a much better place to execute re-launches given we have more  a better line of sight on our supply chain issues that we were faced with. That was obviously taking time away from putting new products in the market  so strategically, when we start thinking about how that lays out for this year and next, we will get back to a lot of those core re-launches, which will allow us to take pricing obviously bolster volume and value at the same time. So thats kind of where we are strategically, making the right choices, we think about getting pricing in the market, making sure we execute against our very strong innovation plan and protect the core businesses, which will be very, very important as we move into a potential recessionary environment.
Operator: We will go to our next question from Peter Grom with UBS.
Peter Grom: Hey, good morning everyone. I hope you are doing well. So, I just wanted to ask about the organic revenue outlook. Noel, I know you mentioned the sequential improvement in February and March and into April. Can you maybe unpack that a little bit? How much stronger was the growth versus what you saw in January? And then just for the high single-digit pricing that we should expect through the balance of the year, is the volume assumption in the 4% to 6% organic revenue outlook predicated on historical elasticities or what you are seeing in the market today? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Sure. So, let me deconstruct a little bit of Q1. January was a little softer than we anticipated. As I mentioned, we obviously saw a little softness in Europe given some of the delayed pricing negotiations. We saw little softness in our Hawley & Hazel business as we mentioned, thats really transitory as we are moving from the old bundle to a new bundle. We saw little softness in our French business and we saw a little softness in the rural areas in India. So that led to a somewhat soft January. Sequentially, we saw all that improve in February and March, both volumes improved February, March versus January. And as I mentioned, we had strong pricing starting to get executed early March and towards the end of the month and into April. So, we feel quite good about where we ended the quarter. And as I mentioned, we have seen that translate into a strong April as well. So, thats kind of how we have set up the guidance for the year. So, 4% in the first quarter, we believe will be the low end of organic for the year and that will sequentially grow as we move more pricing into the P&L as well as continue to innovate and provide some volume enhancements as we move through the balance of the year. I will say that again, getting the supply chain constraints behind us from a ball point, yes, it cost us money relative to doing some of the things that we did to get more toothpaste on the shelf to get more toothbrushes in the market. We have seen that translate into more volume in the business as a result as well. And thats a good thing because we are seeing it translate into consumption and category growth for our retailers. So from an organic standpoint, you will see it sequentially grow through the quarters, particularly as we execute more pricing in the second quarter. And as I mentioned, we have now looked to take more pricing in the back half as we will see the peak in raw materials come through later in the year. Relative to the pricing aspect, I think not much more to add there. We have taken  we took strong pricing in developing part of the world. You see our 2-year stack on pricing at roughly 10%. And there is more pricing to come. And you will see pricing as a percentage of our organic growth likely accelerate certainly in the second and third quarters. And we will see where we end up in what situation we are in, in the fourth quarter, but pricing will accelerate. Thats a combination of a couple of things. Obviously, the revenue management initiatives that we have been taking  we are getting more premium innovation and I wont get into some of the success we are having behind the Optic White Pro Series, which is our most premium-priced whitening bundle thats doing quite well out of the box. We are obviously, as I mentioned earlier, importantly using our supply chain now to get core re-launches executed quicker, which will give us a pricing opportunity as well. So, those would be the three key initiatives relative to getting pricing up in the back half.
Operator: We will go to our next question from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan.
Andrea Teixeira: Thank you. Good morning. I just wanted to perhaps focus on North America and talk about home care, which was obviously a headwind as you called out. And Noel, you just pointed out that some of the new franchises and the premiumization efforts have been bearing fruit. So, I was wondering how we should be thinking in the balance of the year? And just as a prior question regarding elasticities, how we should be thinking it looks as if, as you said, like you have a stacked 10% pricing. I am assuming that is U.S. So, how can we be thinking as you rollover more pricing? Just a fine point there, is that pricing coming in at the end of the summer into the fall or actually earlier than that in the U.S.? Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Thanks, Andrea. Good morning. Let me talk a little bit about home care. So again, a little bit of the constraints that we had with contractors and the implications of certainly the COVID-related issues that have challenged a lot of the contract manufacturing in the U.S. that certainly plagued us a bit on some of our home care, particularly our dish liquid business. And we have specifically addressed that and starting to see the improvements of that as we move through the balance of the first quarter and as we moved into April as well. So, we see home care from a volume standpoint starting to come back nicely. We are taking pricing on some of that home care business in the second quarter as well. And so that will obviously translate into improved performance. Overall, the cleaner business is solid. The fabric softener business is quite solid from a share standpoint, a little softness in dish liquid and we have plans on particularly the Palmolive and Ajax business in the U.S. from a combination of both pricing and some new product initiatives to hopefully bolster that business as we move through the back half. On elasticities, again, its really early days here. And I think you have seen it consistently across most of the sector. Everyone is assuming that elasticities will be better than historical numbers. Why? Its because everyone is consistently taking up pricing  so therefore, everything is going to be up and we are everyday or products that consumers use everyday. And so, as a result of that aspect, I think you will see a little bit less and less elasticities than we have seen in the past and thats what we have seen so far. But again, there is a couple of factors to take into consideration. There will be significant inflation across the entire consumer segment and we will be watching that very closely. But if you go back historically, our franchise and our portfolio positioning plays well in inflationary environments, because we have big core businesses, widespread distribution and we compete across multiple price points. But we know that we can continue to grow the premium segment of the market, which is where we under-index, high indexes in the core business, but we are going to take ambitious plans on our core business to bring value to the category and to our retailers. So we feel pretty good about where the elasticities will ultimately end up here just because weve experienced it before. Weve got good innovation going into the market. And as I said, kind of all ships are rising in this case to the categories are all taking pricing across the board.
Operator: We will go next to Wendy Nicholson with Citi. Wendy, your line is open please check your mute button.
Wendy Nicholson: Can you hear me?
Noel Wallace: We can, Wendy.
Wendy Nicholson: Okay, sorry about that. So just a follow-up on that line of questioning about the elasticities. If I look back in my model, the one business that really suffered during the  great recession for you was the Hills business. And I honestly cant remember whether that was something specific to the Hills business, whether its innovation or a competitive thing or whether that was an area where consumers really did trade down. So I guess number one, you dont need to recreate history for me, but just in terms of your confidence that the Hills business this time around is going to remain strong. Your volume growth there has been amazing. Just your confidence that if we do go into a recession, consumers are going to trade down and look for cheaper pet food? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Yes. If you go back to  I believe youre probably looking at 08, 09, and that was at least the beginning of the naturals boom, as you remembered. And as we have openly stated, we made in our view, some strategic errors in how we chase the naturals rather than staying true to the core business. So I think that was the biggest driver. And certainly, at that point in time, when the Hills business was nowhere near as salient and had nowhere close to the momentum that it has today, and were certainly on our front foot and continue to think about that business in terms of investment. You heard today that we closed the Nutriamo contract manufacturing facility that we bought in Italy. That is going to unlock more wet capacity for us, which is one of the fastest-growing segments, particularly in Europe, which is exciting. Were relaunching the Prescription Diet business going into the back half of this year, which is obviously about half of our business, which we think is going to be an exciting innovation for particularly our veterinarian professionals. So the business is in a much different place today than it was back in 08, 09. Obviously, much more on us on it. Were going to maintain the investment spend there, which we think is critically important. Again, this is a business that has low penetration and low share, so a lot of upside in North America and capacity constrained today, hence the reason of why the purchase of Nutriamo. So again, we think were in a much different place than we were in 08, 09. The brand itself is significantly stronger than its been in the past.
Operator: And we will go to our next question from Olivia Tong with Raymond James.
Olivia Tong: Great, thanks. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I was hoping to get a little bit more granularity around your full year EPS expectations and how much of the EPS revision is due to input costs versus FX rate as you handicap, but perhaps a 10 points ring on EPS expectations from one end of the pendulum to the other. And realizing, obviously, there is no shortage of uncertainty. But can you talk about what the most meaningful changes are there? And mathematically, how do you get from where you were to mid-singles down the singles? And then specifically for international markets, can you talk about what your peers are doing not just the multinationals, but the local players with respect to pricing, is the expectation that they are pricing or the realization what youre seeing so far that they are pricing at a commensurate level to what youre doing? Thank you so much.
Noel Wallace: Yes. Thanks, Olivia. Great to hear from you. Let me just talk conceptually on the EPS, and then Ill have Stan jump in and give you a little bit more a bridge in terms of how were thinking about it. But fundamentally, listen, this comes down to the extraordinary acceleration that we saw in our raw materials post the January guidance, which as youve heard, is around $0.5 billion. So just add on its own is driving, obviously, the significant change in EPS, combined with the fact that our logistics have continued to accelerate. Part of that, we will work out of as we move through potentially the back half of the year with improved manufacturing and supply chain, which is obviously important for us to get that product on the shelf, as I mentioned, which is were doing at a higher cost, but we anticipate logistics will stay high. Ocean rates, we are keeping ocean rates at where they are today for the balance of the year. And obviously, some of the transit rates that were seeing, particularly out of Mexico, which are up about 30% versus the year ago period, were assuming that will maintain itself as well. So, raw materials, largely driven by fast and oils, I will get Stan. Why dont I have Stan open that up a little bit for you. And then Ill come back and we will talk about the international markets and pricing.
Stan Sutula: Sure. Thanks, Noel. So as we entered the year, we knew the commodity costs were going to be up year-on-year, and we planned for that. In January, we entered the year, we saw in the market. We expected that material cost would moderate as we went through the year. At that time, in January, we anticipated roughly $750 million or 13% and year-to-year increase. But as we stated in January, if the commodity costs dont moderate, that would represent a headwind. So whats happened? Since January, as you heard in our prepared remarks, weve seen significant movement in those commodity costs. And now we see an incremental $500 million of cost for the year. What that means is that material costs will be up over 20% for the full year on a year-on-year basis. So we put some context a little bit underneath whats happening in those commodities. Natural gas is up over 60%. And natural gas is used to power many of our plants and importantly, many of our suppliers plants, which puts pressure on their costs and timing. Soybean and corn are up by over third; palms, up 25% and increasing. So as we said earlier, what that means for the year, fats and oils, including palm will be up over 60% year-to-year and doubled since 2020. Resins are up over 20%. And these two categories combined fats and oils and resins make up a significant portion of the material spend and on a combined basis are up nearly 40%. Take glycerin, another important material, and thats more than doubled year-to-year. So as weve looked at logistics, we saw similar cost inflation. And since weve seen that increase, weve over $150 million since our expectations in January, that translates to logistics being up nearly 20% for the full year. And some of this increase is because we prioritize meeting clients needs. We talked briefly about this, our decision to prioritize toothbrush shipments given client demand and market opportunity, particularly in North America, we grew that category double digits and gained over 450 points of share. Now I think importantly, Noel talked about this would represent over a 20% increase to our cost over $1.2 billion. But what are we doing to tackle that and mitigate some of that significant escalation? On materials, were leveraging alternate materials, were viable, reformulating where that makes sense, taking price to reflect the cost increase. Weve talked about price significantly here. And then, things like leveraging analytics to enhance our procurement process and driving our robust Funding the Growth program to help mitigate that profit impact. On logistics, we are taking a number of actions. As our supply chain stabilizes from things like COVID-impact and material shortages, were going to streamline our logistics use less expedited transport. Now temporarily, were carrying more finished goods inventory due to erratic and longer transit times. Were also making things like investments in automating our warehouses. So while these remain volatile, were being aggressive to tackle those. So from a P&L point of view, as you translate that down to EPS, those are going to be a headwind for us for the year. Were taking aggressive pricing, aggressive funding the growth and productivity actions but were still expecting margin will contract for the year. And we are going to maintain investment in advertising. We believe that thats an important component of our long-term model, and thats why weve taken that our organic growth up to the 4% to 6% range. Take that down, we will continue to drive improvements in overhead. And stripping logistics, our overhead improved on a year-on-year basis. And the team has done a very good job of managing that prudently, but thats what yields us down to a EPS when you take into the effects the multiple interest rate hikes, a headwind on tax, that drives the EPS here down on a year-on-year basis to mid-single digits.
Noel Wallace: So let me come back to what were seeing on local brands and certainly private label to a certain extent as an extension of that. I would just return for some travel around Asia. Were certainly seeing some of the local brands take pricing there. And likewise, I think were going to see private label follow very quickly. Obviously, these increases impact them, and their cost of goods are obviously materially higher than ours. So we will watch that carefully. We dont have a lot of categories that index highly with private label. Obviously, oral care very low single digits. The two categories that we need to watch carefully are liquid hands open toothbrushes. But so far, we have not seen a significant erosion or migration to private label and so [Technical Difficulty] as we see the environment unfold over the next few months.
Operator: And we will go to our next question from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank.
Steve Powers: Yes. Hi, thanks everybody. Good morning. I guess Im curious as to how you think about the supply chain impacts in terms of quantification in the quarter, whether in terms of volume or market share, particularly in North America, but throughout your remarks or supply chain issues, including in Europe and Latin America, holding you back. So just curious as to how you think about how much you were held back and how that  how much of that kind of reverses and releases for the balance of the year, number one. And then number two, just maybe just some further details on China. It was down overall. I think in your release, you said that you called out Colgate China itself as a point of strength. So obviously, some timing there with Hawley & Hazel, but just some  maybe some more color on what happened in China and how you think about that market going forward, which is obviously a very dynamic context? Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Thanks, Steve. Listen, the supply chain, as we talked about throughout 2021 has been really choppy with a lot of second and third derivative impacts of all the implications related to COVID. But if you take specifically the impacts to us, where you really feel it is on shelf availability. And we have historically been best-in-class in that regard across our categories and some of the setbacks we saw from COVID lockdowns in China where we saw some of the challenges weve seen in logistics coming out of Mexico, raw material suppliers as well, having shortfalls that caused a lot of choppiness in our supply chain throughout 2021 and certainly accelerated a bit as we went into the first  out of the fourth quarter and into the first quarter. The good news is, as we finished off in the back half of February and into March, we saw a lot of those issues structurally get much, much better for us as a company. Our on-shelf availability, which should dip way below norms, was now back right at top of class. And you see that directly in our point-of-sale data in some of those customers where we actually now are measuring detailed on-shelf availability at the daily and weekly basis that allows us to react very, very quickly. We have taken decisions through 2021 and in the first quarter, to ensure that we have sufficient inventory to compensate some of those  the shortfalls that we were seeing and the uncertainty that we had from various contractors or raw material suppliers. That has cost us some money but we feel in the end is now given the trade, obviously, far more  a clear line of sight in terms of our ability to source an increasing demand, particularly behind our toothpaste and toothbrush business here in the first quarter. So on-shelf ability significantly improved as we exited the quarter and has maintained itself as we went into April, that has translated into better market share performance. Take the U.S. in the last 5 weeks, we were up or flat in seven out of 11 categories, which is a marked improvement versus where we had been in the past. Some of the issues likewise translated into the European business where we saw some shortfalls in terms of service levels there, that now has been addressed through some decisions that we have taken, and were seeing likewise, as we exited the quarter a little bit better volume. So all in all, across the board,  most of those issues now are behind us, particularly the lockdown issues that really had a significant impact on part of our business. And I give credit to the supply chain for doing a tremendous amount of agility work that I think is only going to set us up for stronger resilience moving forward as we see some of the uncertainty continue to unfold in certain parts of the world. China is actually a really good story from the sense of our CP China business was up high single digits in the quarter. Our CP China business, combined with Holly & Hazel, was up 650 basis points in market share in the online business, which is obviously the fastest-growing part of the China  the retail sector. Hawley & Hazel business was migrating, as I mentioned, Steve, to an entirely new portfolio and repositioning of the brand, including a brand name change that will incur  that was rolling out in the first quarter. As a result of the significant distribution scale of China, we were moving down inventories of old product distributors. Were obviously taking their inventories down in preparation for the excitement behind the relaunch. Weve started to see a lot of that unfold in the back end of March and now into April, and we will see it ultimately, it will take a couple more months before we see full distribution of that new product across the China market. So overall, the China business looks quite strong for us. For the first time in many, many years, our overall China market shares in toothpaste, thats combined, Hawley & Hazel and Colgate are up. So its been a long time since youve heard me say that, but I think thats a testament to some big strategic changes that we made in China. Now going back 2.5, 3 years, both in terms of portfolio strategy as well as go to market that wed say is definitely paying dividends. And we will watch obviously the Hawley and Hazel relaunch carefully but quite excited about that thus far in terms of how were seeing it hit the market.
Operator: We will go to our next question from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: Hey, guys. Thanks for slotting me in. I guess a couple of questions. First, kind of building off your last comments around the online or the exit of the Darlie brand, when did that begin exactly like in the execution? And I imagine youre planning assumption is that youre not going to retain all of the sales as you migrate away from the brand. When do you think that pressure will be behind us? I think even or how many quarters do we have to live with whats likely going to be a drag from the rebranding?
Noel Wallace: Sure. Listen, I mean, we expect, obviously, that we will not only hold but ultimately build share with this relaunch, Jason, thats the intent. I mean we have significant investment planned behind this relaunch. It is the number one brand in China, has incredible salience. Were putting in improved technology as well. We have an innovation stream thats coming behind this. Now there is no question there is always risk when you change a brand name, but all of the work that weve done thus far and what weve seen early days, that transition really started at the tail end of January, early February, the bulk of it starting to happen in March. And as I mentioned, will unfold more than likely over the next couple  2 to 3 months. We will know by the end of the second quarter, third quarter, where we are. We will get a good sense, particularly in the online world. As I mentioned, the vast majority  the fastest-growing channel is online in China. And we will get a read pretty quickly in how we are doing relative to our online business with Darlie in that market. But overall, this is a widely distributed product, very, very strong, obviously gets into C, D and E cities. So, its widely distributed. It will take time to work through the old product, but we are starting to see some of the new product already on shelf in the modern trade, and so far, so good. But I would say, give us another quarter, the balance of this quarter to really assess how we are doing and come back to you with the point of view as we move into the third quarter.
Operator: We will go to our next question from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: Great. Thanks. Good morning. I wanted to follow-up on the supply chain question, because I do know that in fourth quarter or even third quarter results, you had talked about supply chain dynamics impacting North America. But at least to my recollection, this is the first we have heard about supply chain bottlenecks and headwinds for Latin America and Europe. And given it impacted sales in the quarter, I would think that you would had a sense of that by the time you reported 4Q. Same goes, honestly, for the sort of softer start to the year in January. So, I just  I wanted to ask specifically about the supply chain dynamics in Latin America and Europe. And then a broader question just on visibility because it just feels like  I know its a volatile environment, but that there seems to be an intra-quarter moving target and just level of confidence, frankly, as we look forward for the balance of the year? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Lauren, let me just clarify. We have not had supply chain issues in Latin America. The supply chain issues and the volatility that we have seen has principally been driven by the North America complexities that we have incurred as well as some shortfalls from some of our raw material suppliers in the middle of the quarter in Europe, which created obviously some constraints there. So, specifically, its been North America driven by some lockdown issues in China as well as some of the COVID-related issues we had in some of our facilities here in North America. So, as I mentioned, we feel very good about where we have now in March. Structurally, things have gotten much better, efficiencies in the plant, asset utilization, capacity output, all are moving in the right direction, which are good indications that we are moving to where we want to be. And as I mentioned, some of the service level challenges that we have had. And I think everyone has moved through, but we were somewhat exacerbated by those in terms of our ability to get what we needed into some of our key customers are now back to historical high levels. So, good news there, no issue, Latin America. On Europe, specifically had dealt with a some raw material shortages that came from some of our suppliers mid-quarter. So, that was after we discussed it, we set guidance in January, that particularly hit us in Europe, and that has now moved behind us and things are back to a much more normalized level. We see that, quite frankly, all around the world. I mean if you look at a number of issues that we dealt with in 2021 and moving into the quarter this year with raw material suppliers or contractors, those seem to have subsided. Lets watch it carefully because anything can happen in the current world, given the uncertainty that everyone is faced with. But we have put a lot more resilience into the system now to deal with some of the unforeseen circumstances that we are seeing. Listen, in terms of visibility, Lauren, we were  we came out of last year understanding that we were faced with $750 million of incremental cost and we had the pricing in place to deal with that. And the gross margins came in more or less in line, actually just slightly below where we expected, a little bit above guidance to the Street in the first quarter. And then we got hit with the significant incremental increases to the tune of $0.5 billion post the January call, which came in mid-Feb and into March. So, thats been the single biggest issue in terms of visibility for us. We did not anticipate those. We had cost becoming more benign in the back half initially when we set guidance, obviously, with the war, all of that change. So, the visibility for us became dramatically different as we exited the quarter and hence the change in our guidance that we have communicated today.
John Faucher: Lauren, if I could just add one thing, going back to your Latin America comment. There was some impact in Latin America, really, over the last couple of quarters relative to the supply chain issues we saw with plant lockdowns in Asia. So, that was what we were referring to in the prepared commentary.
Noel Wallace: But no, nothing relative to LatAm for themselves, they have been able to obviously continue to do what they need to do. But as you know, we source quite a bit of product out of Latin America. The costs have gone up, but we dont have anything that we would consider significant there.
Operator: We will go to our next question from Javier Escalante with Evercore ISI.
Javier Escalante: Hi everyone. I say that two things that it would be helpful because  and its really on Laurens question. This is that it feels that your supply chain is very global. And when you speak about Colgate, you talk about toothpaste and not toothbrushes. And then the problem in Latin America seems to be that you have problems sourcing toothbrushes out of Asia and toothpaste in the U.S. is out of Mexico. So, I think that there is a little bit of a disconnect between our understanding of the supply chain and your conversation. So, if you could clarify, in the U.S., what are the supply chain issues? Is it that Mexico is not delivering into the U.S.? And then in Latin America, is it that toothbrushes in Asia are now coming through into Latin America? And finally, in Latin America, you basically said that you had no supply chain issues, but volumes dropped. So, why is the drop, because if you think about Procter and Unilever, they grew organic sales in Latin America in 16%, so the consumer seems to be fine. So, what is that  why is it that Latin America is lagging your competitors? Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Okay. Let me address the supply chain first. Toothbrushes, first and foremost, is a global supply chain we source predominantly out of Asia as well as some sourcing out of Latin America. Obviously, given the lockdowns that we saw in Asia in 2021 and subsequently having an impact in the first quarter that impacted most of our global toothbrush business around the world, more acutely here in the U.S., where we have taken decisions in the fourth quarter and in the first quarter, to ensure that we accelerated migration of those toothbrushes when supply came back online, back into refill inventories and improve on-shelf ability. So, we had issues there, particularly for North America, where we are having to bring product in expediently in order to fulfill demand. That impacted some of our sourcing  some of our toothbrush business likewise in Latin America, likewise in Europe, but it was more acutely faced by the North America business, and we addressed that. Our toothpaste business historically has been a balance of a global supply chain that works very, very efficiently. Given some of the challenges that we had in the North America, we were bringing more product out of Mexico, they were fulfilling increased demand for our product. It came into additional costs. Obviously, as we talked about earlier, that freight rates out of Mexico increased. We did have some delays getting product across the border at times, but that was not a function of our problem. It was a function of what was happening systemically across the marketplace. So, our toothpaste supply chain is global. It has been a competitive advantage for us for years and years. We are able to now transfer products from one market to another quite consistently and quite efficiently. But as you have delays in one market or supplier implications in one market, it obviously creates a little bit of a bottleneck for you. We have taken decisions to ensure that we are having locations that are efficiently sourcing local markets where needed. And I think today, we are in a much better position than we have been in the past related to dealing with the uncertainty of the supply chain network that exists in the world that we live in today. So, overall, we think we are in a good place. On volumes for Latin America, listen, the only real shortfall in volumes for us in Latin America was Brazil. We took high-double digit pricing, 15% pricing in that market. We saw volumes come off a little bit, which historically has been consistent with where we have seen. We have taken significant pricing. Mexico had positive pricing, positive volumes across the board. So, I would really attribute it to some of the softness we saw in Brazil, because the rest of the business is okay, and we will see how Brazil unfolds. But this is quite consistent with what we have seen in the past when we have taken significant pricing.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Mark Astrachan with Stifel.
Mark Astrachan: Thanks and good morning everyone. I guess I wanted to go back and try to understand the pricing strategy for 22. So, you talked obviously about being $750 million or so cost headwind in January, which has obviously gotten bigger, but it was still a big number back then. It seems others were a bit more proactive, at least it seems to me, more proactive and got stronger pricing earlier in the year. And I guess your comment to gross margin for you all was better than guided, but it was still down a lot. So, I guess I am curious, was there a volume calculus in your decision to seemingly lag some peers on pricing. And now that you are taking more price, how should we be thinking about volumes relative to pricing for 22? In other words, kind of what has changed or how do we think about the change in your assumptions there. So, if you could talk about the decision kind of first of all, whether thats right or not? And then how we think about the volume change as a result? Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Yes. What happened in the first quarter, obviously, as we saw a little bit of delays in our pricing execution in Europe, which I mentioned earlier in the prepared remarks, given some of the annual negotiations and ultimately how those unfolded. The good news is those are behind us as we exited the quarter, and we will see that pricing fully reflected as we move into the second quarter. We were a little late in the U.S. arguably, I think in terms of how we sell things, but we did lead pricing in our core business ahead of competition. We have seen competition ultimately follow, but we did lead in the U.S. So, we felt like we got to have it pretty quickly, but obviously, the costs moved a little bit beyond what we expected. So, coming back to gross margin, we were kind of more in line with what we thought. We thought we would see most of the pricing come through in the back half of the quarter, which would obviously deliver accelerated sequential gross margin through the balance of the year. That was the initial assumption. But obviously, all things changed when the February-March  mid-February, March cost increases came through. We have now subsequently taken more pricing. We will be taking more pricing in developing part of the world as we move through the balance of the year. And we are also looking at obviously accelerated pricing, particularly through re-launches in the developed part of the world as we move through the back half.
Operator: We will go to our next question from Kevin Grundy with Jefferies.
Kevin Grundy: Great. Thanks. Good morning everyone. Noel, I think we covered a lot of this. I wanted to kind of pick up on Laurens question and some others. Just the degree of the downward revision of your outlook versus peers and even more broadly staples, so everyone can appreciate how challenging the environment is. Its not lost in anyone for a moment. But its difficult for everyone, right, at the same time. So, without being redundant because we spend a lot of time on the cost headwinds and supply chain issues. But what do you feel like is materially different about your business, product categories, commodity basket, the speed or scope with which you can move on pricing, supply chain, scope of productivity savings, controls around FP&A, your stance on conservatism in guidance. As you look at that relative to the peers, which I know you guys are following closely, what do you think is very unique about your business thats causing a sharper downward revision than we have seen elsewhere? Thanks for that.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Thanks Kevin. Listen, I think we stated it upfront. What is uniquely different for us right now is obviously the significant move we have seen in fats and oils. And that is a significant part of our cost structure of our business in addition to things that have moved up quite significantly, that historically have been quite benign relative to our cost of goods, things like glycerin, which have doubled in pricing. So, fats and oils is the big driver here. We are assuming that those costs will stay at the current levels and slightly increase through the balance of the year. I dont know how others have assumed that. As a result, we have seen  we have taken oil more or less at current levels with a slight increase through the balance of the year. That may be a different assumption than others have taken. And we obviously have the logistics on cost given our short-term implications of our global supply chain, which we ultimately think as we move into 2023, will move behind us. So, thats predominantly the biggest difference. We have very strong brands that allow us to take pricing. You have seen that consistently year-in, year-out, our ability to take pricing, particularly in the developing part of the world, and we will continue to execute against that, but we will watch the consumer environment very carefully. We are maintaining our investments in the business. Thats very important for us to continue to accelerate the top line growth. Thats hence why we feel good about the 4% to 6% organic, given that we will be maintaining our investments in that piece. So, its really that. Our logistics  our overhead structure, just to talk to that, we have the global productivity initiative, as you know, that we have launched. We are accelerating the savings in that through the back half of this year. Our operating costs or just our direct overheads were actually down in the quarter, which again, we will get the leverage from that as we move and accelerate sales through the back half of the year. But the biggest difference is we are assuming a continued  a very, very costly inflationary environment through the balance of the year. We dont see that changing at this point. I am not sure the assumptions that others have made or whether they made any assumptions at this stage, but we feel its prudent for the business to create the visibility that you need that we are assuming, those costs will continue to be at current levels or slightly above.
Operator: Our last question is from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan.
Andrea Teixeira: Thank you for taking my follow-up. Just on the Brazil comment, I understand like, you mentioned Noel, that the pricing and there was some price elasticity. I was just hoping if you can touch, was it more on the personal care side or auto care, or what are your plans to kind of make it perhaps more competitive given that the currencies went to your favor, I think thats the good news there. Is there any ways of trying to defend the share  the volume share given that you probably took pricing more in dollar terms than you would appreciate at that point?
Noel Wallace: Sure. Listen, its early days. We obviously took pricing very, very quickly, as I mentioned, we saw volumes come off a little bit in the business. And it was quite frankly, more in the personal. Our market shares in toothpaste are actually up 20 basis points in Brazil. So, overall, we have seen again, coming back to the core strategy, we have re-launched our Sorriso business, which is performing very well in the market. We launched Colgate Total, which is performing well in the market, and you have heard us talk about MX. So, market mix, so market shares are actually up. We will see or we will watch that very closely, but we feel pretty good about where we are, but we have got pricing in the P&L. We anticipate that, obviously, competition will follow given our leadership position in the marketplace, but that will be up for them to decide. But we feel good about where we are. And the volumes, historically, when we have taken pricing at these levels are more or less consistent in terms of the falloff that we would have expected.
Operator: That concludes todays question-and-answer session. Noel, I will turn the call back to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Noel Wallace: No. Thanks everyone. Let me again extend my appreciation to all Colgate people. Let me specifically call out our employees in the Ukraine, who our thoughts and prayers are with you, and we continue to support you and your health and your safety with all the possible opportunities that we can provide you. Thanks everyone. We will talk soon.
Operator: This does conclude todays call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-01-28 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to todays Colgate-Palmolive Company Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgatepalmolive.com. Now for opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to Chief Investor Relations Officer, John Faucher. Please go ahead, John.
John Faucher: Thanks, Orlando. Good morning, and welcome to our 2021 full year and fourth quarter earnings release conference call. This is John Faucher. Todays conference call will include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from these statements. Please refer to the earnings press release and our most recent filings with the SEC, including our 2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings, all available on Colgates website for a discussion of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these statements. This conference call will also include a discussion of non-GAAP financial measures, including those identified in Tables 8 and 9 of the earnings press release. A full reconciliation to the corresponding GAAP financial measures is included in the earnings press release and is available on Colgates website. Joining me on the call this morning are Noel Wallace, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Stan Sutula, Chief Financial Officer. I will provide commentary on our full year and Q4 performance as well as our outlook for 2022 before turning it over to Noel for his comments. We will then open it up for Q&A. We delivered solid results in 2021 despite a very challenging operating environment, which we believe provides further proof that our strategy is working. For the full year, we grew net sales 6%, adding nearly $1 billion in revenue. We grew organic sales 4.5% at the higher end of our 3% to 5% 2021 guidance range despite difficult comparisons. Importantly, our organic sales growth this year was led by our two most important categories: Oral Care, which delivered organic sales growth at the high end of mid single-digits; and Pet Nutrition, which delivered organic sales growth in the teens, our second consecutive year with double-digit organic sales growth for Hills. Both of these categories saw an acceleration in organic sales growth in 2021, which we think bodes well for 2022. Personal Care and Home Care organic sales growth were both down in the year as they lapped very difficult comparisons driven by COVID-related demand, but we anticipate both categories will return to growth in 2022. But on a compounded basis, over the past three years, we have delivered organic sales growth across every division and every category with growth in both volume and price. And we are confident that our growth will continue into 2022. Our innovation pipeline is strong as we continue to shift our focus to more breakthrough and transformational innovation. We have raised our level of brand support, including increased advertising spending that is driving improved brand equity. Our digital transformation is paying off with e-commerce market shares growing in key markets and strong e-commerce sales growth across all of our categories, including Pet Nutrition and within Personal Care, premium skin. That said, the operating environment remains volatile, with COVID still very much impacting our business, unprecedented raw material inflation and supply chain disruptions. As Noel will discuss, we believe our 2022 plans and our long-term strategic choices will allow us to continue to grow and improve our profitability as we move through the year. This includes significant pricing, increased advertising, breakthrough and transformational innovation and stepped up productivity. Our net sales grew 2% in the quarter, driven by 3% organic sales growth and a 1% negative impact from foreign exchange. Our organic sales growth in the fourth quarter was driven by Pet Nutrition and Oral Care, while Personal Care was down slightly and Home Care was flat due to COVID-19 comparisons. Organic sales growth in the quarter was negatively impacted by the factory closures related to COVID-19 lockdowns we mentioned on the third quarter call. As you have seen across many companies and industries, raw material pressure worsened in the fourth quarter, putting further pressure on our gross margins. Our gross margin was down 300 basis points in the quarter on both a GAAP and Base Business basis. Pricing was a 120 basis point benefit to gross margin, while raw materials were a 670 basis point headwind. Productivity was favorable by 250 basis points. On a GAAP and Base Business basis, our SG&A was down 150 basis points on a percent of sales basis, driven by lower advertising spending, lapping record levels in the year ago quarter as well as lower overheads, excluding logistics. Our combination of net sales growth and productivity drove our overheads, excluding logistics, down meaningfully, which helped us offset a large increase in logistics costs both on a dollar basis and a percent of sales basis. For the fourth quarter, on a GAAP basis, we delivered earnings per share of $0.18. Our GAAP earnings per share, includes a $518 million after-tax charge for impairment on our Filorga Skin Health business. We completed the Filorga transaction right before the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic. The pandemic has had a significant impact on key channels in which Filorga competes, including travel retail and Duty Free in China and pharmacies in Europe. While we have been unable to offset the continued weakness in these channels versus our projections when we announced the acquisition, we have full confidence in the Filorga brand and are forecasting double-digit growth going forward. Our two other skin health brands, PCA Skin and EltaMD, are performing well and should continue to deliver strong growth. On a Base Business basis, our earnings per share was $0.79 for the quarter, up 3%. Our full year Base Business earnings per share was within our 2021 guidance range of up mid to high single digits. In order to accelerate changes to our operating structure that will allow us to reallocate resources to our strategic priorities and faster growth businesses and channels, drive efficiencies in the companys operations and streamline our supply chain to reduce structural costs. This morning, we also announced the global productivity initiative. We intend to execute the majority of the productivity program in the current calendar year. And once the projects are implemented and finalized, it is expected to result in cumulative pre-tax charges totaling between $200 million and $240 million in annualized pre-tax savings in the range of $90 million to $110 million. We would expect the benefits to begin to flow through in the second half of 2022 and then accelerate into 2023. We returned $3 billion to shareholders in 2021 with our net share repurchase up almost 50% year-over-year. A few comments on our divisional performance. North America net sales declined 1% in the fourth quarter, with organic sales down 1.5% as the division lapped high single-digit growth in the year ago period, with liquid hand soap providing a greater than 3 percentage point headwind in the quarter. In toothpaste, our consumption was ahead of shipments, as our all-outlet market share was up 50 basis points in the quarter. We have announced significant pricing across all of our categories in North America, which will be implemented throughout Q1 and into Q2. Latin America net sales were up 3.5%, with 6% organic sales growth. Oral Care grew high single digits, while Personal Care and Home Care grew mid single digits. Brazil led the growth in the quarter behind strong pricing and premium innovation across whitening and naturals. Europe net sales declined 6% in the quarter, with organic sales minus 3.5%, lapping 4.5% growth in the year ago quarter and a 2.5% foreign exchange headwind. While the pricing environment in Europe is normally very difficult, we expect to see pricing across the portfolio. We gained market share in Europe in Q4, with particular strength behind Elmex and we have significant innovation planned for 2022. Asia-Pacific net sales grew 0.5% and organic sales grew 1.5% in the quarter, with volume and pricing up slightly and a modest negative impact from foreign exchange. Our Asia e-commerce business continued its strong growth in Q4 and for the year. We gained nearly 400 basis points of toothpaste market share in e-commerce in China in 2021, combined on our Colgate and H&H businesses. Africa/Eurasia net sales grew 2% in the quarter, as organic sales growth of 3% was partially offset by negative foreign exchange. The organic sales growth was driven by Oral Care despite impacts from the supply chain disruption from COVID-19 restrictions I mentioned previously. Volumes were also negatively impacted by political volatility in Eurasia. Hills finished another great year with a strong fourth quarter. Net sales grew 12% and organic sales grew 13% for the quarter. The U.S. continued to lead Hills growth performance, with strength across the gamut of brick-and-mortar and e-commerce retail partners. We expect another strong year for Hills in 2022, with strong levels of advertising support, best-in-class e-commerce execution, innovation and pricing growth.  And now for guidance, we expect organic sales growth for the year to be within our 3% to 5% long-term target range, driven primarily by continued growth in Oral Care and Pet Nutrition. Using current spot rates, we expect foreign exchange to be a low single-digit headwind to revenues, operating profit and earnings growth for the year. All-in, we expect net sales to be up 1% to 4%. We expect gross margin to be up for the year, but we highlight that, just as we saw in 2021, there will be significant swings in year-over-year performance as we go through the year. The biggest raw material headwinds year-over-year are in the first quarter and we expect that they will moderate as we go through the year. On top of the productivity program I mentioned above, we will continue to take additional steps to mitigate the impact of logistics and raw material cost headwinds, including additional pricing, optimizing trade spending, accelerating FTG were available and many others. Advertising is expected to be up on both a dollar basis and a percent of sales basis. Given the issues surrounding logistics networks on a global basis, our logistics costs will continue to be a headwind, particularly in the U.S. and Africa/Eurasia. Our tax rate is expected to be between 23% and 24% for 2022 on both a GAAP and Base Business basis. At this point, we have not incorporated any proposed changes to U.S. corporate tax rates. We expect double-digit earnings per share growth on a GAAP basis. On a Base Business basis, we expect earnings per share growth in the low to mid single-digits. There are a few factors that will determine where we fall in that range. We have budgeted modest sequential declines in some raw material prices as we go through the year. If those raw materials stay at current levels, this will be above what we are currently budgeting. Foreign exchange. The dollar has been trending higher recently. If that continues, it will be an additional headwind. We assume that raw materials and logistics cost increases are not unique to us and our plans do not include significant manufacturing downtime due to COVID-related lockdowns. And with that, I will turn it over to Noel.
Noel Wallace: Thanks, John and good morning everyone. Before I get into my remarks, I want to wish all of you a safe and happy new year. Of course, I will be speaking to you all again just a few weeks for CAGNY and I am very much looking forward to that. Over the last 3 years, we have revitalized our core businesses, innovative and adjacent categories and expanded our availability in faster growth markets and channels. All these efforts have helped us deliver 3 straight years of organic sales growth in or above our long-term targeted range of 3% to 5%. I believe our company is well-positioned to continue our momentum and drive shareholder value in this year and beyond despite the difficult operating environment. We compete in growing categories with high purchase frequency, daily usage and high levels of brand loyalty and we have strong brands that are well-positioned to take advantage of these category dynamics. Colgate is the most penetrated consumer brand in the world, with strength across emerging and developed markets. Hills Prescription Diet and Hills Science Diet have strong health credentials with vets and pet parents. Elmex and Meridol are leading premium brands and therapeutics in the markets in which they compete. And other brands like Irish Spring, Protex, Suavitel and Fabuloso, all delivered tremendous value to consumers and our retail partners. This also includes our skin health businesses, EltaMD, PCA Skin and Filorga. John discussed the impact of COVID-19 on Filorga, which resulted in performance below our targets. We have plans in place to revitalize our Filorga business in those key channels, along with building out distribution and other growth channels and accelerating innovation. We are confident that Filorga will be a strong contributor to future top and bottom line growth. Trends on EltaMD and PCA Skin remained very strong. We have and are building capabilities that will allow us to compete in all types of markets and channels. Our global operating model, including our supply chain, allows us to operate effectively and profitably in more than 200 countries and territories around the world. Our transition to our new innovation strategy has enabled us to deliver a better mixture of global and local innovation, including increased levels of breakthrough and transformational innovation. This has had a direct impact on accelerating our growth, particularly in Oral Care, our rebound in China e-commerce, for example and accelerated growth in Pet Nutrition. Our digital transformation, which will be an important topic when we present to you at CAGNY, has allowed us to accelerate our e-commerce efforts across all of our markets. We delivered another year of robust e-commerce growth and grew share in all 6 of our largest e-commerce toothpaste markets in 2021. And we are truly integrating ESG into our business strategy in ways that drive value. Bright Smiles, Bright Futures not only teaches children in underserved markets how to brush their teeth, but also help drive per capita consumption over time. And our recyclable toothpaste 2, which we shared the technology with our competitors, is helping to drive the entire category to be more sustainable, which is a requirement for any category to deliver growth in the future. We also issued our first sustainability bond in the fourth quarter. We will use the funds to invest in our sustainability and social impact strategies while benefiting from a lower interest rate. So, I firmly believe we are well positioned to deliver long-term sustainable profitable growth to our shareholders and all of our stakeholders. But we also need to balance managing through the teeth of a very difficult operating environment while still delivering on that long-term strategy. We stay committed to our strategy. We will emerge from the next few quarters with sustained organic sales growth and a structurally more efficient company that will allow us to grow profits, while still investing in our brands. Obviously, you all know about the headwinds that companies are facing in todays operating environment in terms of raw materials. COVID and higher costs are putting significant pressure on supply chains, including unprecedented impacts on logistics, both in terms of efficiency and costs. And recently, the dollar has strengthened. The key for us to deliver against our targets in the shorter term is to continue to execute on pricing and revenue growth management. We have already taken pricing in many markets and we will have further significant pricing plan for the first half of this year, including moving some pricing that we anticipated for later in the year in 2022 into the first half. You all know our funding the growth is well-ingrained and a key component of offsetting rising raw material costs. We have put together new cross-functional teams that are focused on ensuring we are bringing additional opportunities to our funding the growth and that we are executing them as rapidly as possible. So, we are accelerating short-term actions to drive improved profitability, but we know the key to shareholder value creation is to remain committed to the long-term. To that end, we will continue to invest in brand building. As I said a few minutes ago, it all starts with strong brands. We have turned our growth trajectory around over the past few years and a key component of this has been additional advertising spend. Our guidance for 2022 includes an increase in advertising to make sure we are able to sustain volume growth as we exit a period of very strong pricing. At CAGNY, you will hear even more about how we have increased the return on marketing spend through our digital transformation. We will continue to focus on innovation, providing added value to our consumers through innovation that supports increased pricing. Our innovation pipeline is very strong for the year and heading into next. We have innovation across our categories with a particular focus on premium innovation that brings new benefits and forms to our brands. We are also investing in capacity. Our CapEx rose in 2021, primarily because we are investing in incremental capacity for growth, along with investments to advance our sustainability efforts. Our need to build capacity across the business, mostly in Pet Nutrition, shows that the rebound in organic sales growth is real and when we expect to continue. This investment wont preclude us from continuing to return cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. And finally today, we announced a productivity initiative that is focused on aligning our costs and investments with our long-term strategies. This program is designed to deliver savings that can both be reinvested for growth and apply to the bottom line. Importantly, this program, along with the pricing and funding the growth, should allow us to exit this inflationary cycle with more levers to drive growth and profitability and keep our strategy on track. So, 2022 will be another volatile year with all the headwinds you heard me described, but we intend to execute to deliver growth and drive shareholder value, all with delivering against our long-term strategies, which makes me very excited about the future for our company. And with that, I will open it up to your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Dara Mohsenian: Good morning, guys.
Noel Wallace: Good morning, Dara.
Dara Mohsenian: So I was just hoping for an update on the Oral Care business. The full year is often a good time to take stock of where you stand. So can you discuss your market share performance in Oral Care in 2021? Trends as you progress through the year, probably most productive to talk about it on a regional basis? But as we look forward, Noel after the strategic changes under your leadership the last few years, are you satisfied with where you stand? And how do you think that business is positioned for 2022? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Yes. Thanks, Dara. So as you heard in some of the prepared comments, Oral Care accelerated in 2021. In fact, it was double the growth rate that we had in 2020. Our consumption exceeded shipments in most markets, and that was a function of some of the supply chain challenges that we incurred, particularly here in North America as well as in Asia. So if I walk around the world, really strong back half performance in Europe. In fact, were at record shares on the toothpaste business exiting the fourth quarter there. You heard John mentioned the strong growth were seeing in China, which was obviously a key market for us to get turned around in the last couple of years. Our e-commerce shares are up very, very strongly. They are close to 400 basis points and the fastest consumer brand in the market. Our brick-and-mortar shares are holding. So overall, were delivering share growth there. Latin America Holding, as we talked about, weve been very much on driving revenue growth management in those markets and have some great success, particularly in markets like Brazil. And were trying to resist just chasing some of the promotional volume at the lower end of the market, which has lost some of our volume share. But overall, we feel very good about where we are, particularly around the premiumization. North America, while we exited strong, were still not satisfied with the performance there. Clearly, we believe we have significant opportunities there. The innovation plans we have in place for 2022 reflect our commitment to that market as well as the increased advertising support, particularly around the premiumization strategy and we expect to see shares rebuild nicely in 2022. But satisfied at least that the fourth quarter and some of the back half activities that we put in place to be more competitive, have certainly stabilized the share, and now its about growing. As we mentioned, some of our untracked channels continue to perform very well in Oral Care, in the U.S., particularly the club channel as well as e-commerce. We dont talk a lot about toothbrushes, but that business had a really good year for our share growth is up in toothpaste  excuse me, in toothbrushes across most markets, and some good innovation likewise coming on that. That will be coupled obviously with strong pricing. Im sure we will get into a lot of discussion on that, but we have taken pricing in emerging markets. We are rolling aggressive pricing in developed markets, and that will continue to bolster share and our ability to support the brand moving forward. So overall, were pleased with Oral Care, Dara.
Operator: And our next question will come from Peter Grom with UBS. Please go ahead.
Peter Grom: Hey, good morning, guys.
Noel Wallace: Hi, Peter.
Peter Grom: So I just wanted to ask around the guidance for gross margin expansion, just in the context of what were seeing right now. Can you maybe help us understand some of the underlying drivers behind that? And I know John mentioned it embeds some moderation in raw material costs. So could you maybe provide more detail there or maybe where you expect that moderation? And then maybe just more broadly, like how should we think about the phasing of gross margin expansion? And ultimately, how that impacts earnings cadence as we move through the year? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Sure. So let  I guess to start with raw materials there. Obviously, we saw a significant acceleration in raw material prices following the first quarter in 2021. That continued to escalate as we went through the year. And certainly, based on where we thought we were in the third quarter, we saw significant increases moving into the fourth quarter. In fact, resins up more or less 50%, our tablet price is up 30% to 40% in the fourth quarter. So all of that is now built into how were thinking about 22, and we expect raw materials, quite frankly, to peak in the first quarter. We have developed our plans based on spot rates today, and we expect the spot rates to hold and begin to moderate towards the back half of 2022. So you see raw materials potentially peak in the first quarter and then stabilize and begin to potentially moderate in the back half. You layer on top of that our pricing strategies for the year. We took some pricing in the fourth quarter in emerging markets. We took more pricing in the developed markets in the first quarter, which will mostly take effect as we exit the first quarter into second quarter. Weve got, obviously, the additional productivity programs that we talked about this morning, that will be very back half weighted more in the end of the third quarter, early fourth quarter and into 23. So we wont see much benefit this year, particularly in the first half. So  and you combine that likewise with an innovation plan that is weighted more towards the premium side, particularly in North America in the first quarter. And all of that will help us lead to growing margins as we go through the year and exiting the year with margins up.
Operator: And our next question will come from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Lauren Lieberman: Great, thanks. Good morning.
Noel Wallace: Hi, Lauren.
Lauren Lieberman: Hey, I was curious if you could talk a little bit more about the restructuring, because I feel like its rare to see a program that only 1 year in nature. So kind of are these projects or programs that would have been on the to-do list, but were accelerated? Are they opportunities that you proactively sought out and look for ways to accelerate what would typically be funding the growth because of the environment? And then also, I feel like in the last 12-plus months, there have been a couple of things that have come up regionally with sort of operating surprises, whether its a supply chain hiccup in one market or another. So to what degree also does this program may be look at factors that impacted some of that less consistent operating performance that youve had over the last year or so? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Yes. Thanks, Lauren. I think the key word you use is really trying to be proactive. I mean we came into this year after the first quarter, noticing, obviously, an environment that was becoming more challenging, particularly around COVID and disruptions associated with that as it then obviously led into a significant inflationary environment and we got out ahead of this as quickly as we could to start thinking about our 2025 strategy and ultimately, what we were trying to achieve and how we wanted to accelerate. Weve seen a lot of great progress in our digital transformation. Weve seen a lot of great progress as weve restructured our innovation groups around the world towards breakthrough and transformational innovation and the benefits were seeing coming out of that. And we decided we really wanted to accelerate that transformation and make sure that we get that savings into the business as quickly as possible as well as the benefits of how we structure ourselves to be more agile and faster to market, the benefits we get out of increased resources in the digital space as well as the innovation. Now bear in mind, as you heard from John, we had a really good year around controlling our overheads, and we have been constantly looking at ways to mitigate the inflationary pricing were seeing in the market. Our overheads were down on the year, down considerably in the fourth quarter. And I think thats just good business. Were constantly looking for ways to optimize how we operate. On top of that, we want to look at how we structure ourselves to really continue to accelerate the growth momentum that we have. So as we move throughout the year, we will exit this program. As you said, its a one-year program with the savings really falling into the back half of 2022 and into the first half of 23. It allowed us to really fine-tune where we wanted to focus and allowed us to do that in the 12-month period, and we think thats ultimately right for the business to ensure that we dont have ongoing distractions across the organization, and we get on with trying to accomplish what weve set out to do for the year and into 23. On the regional point that you were mentioning, Lauren, listen, as youve heard from everyone, the supply chain challenges everyone faces are quite significant. And it really, to a certain extent, depends on the structure and composition of your supply chain. We have had, as you know, one of the most efficient supply chains in the world in terms of how weve optimized our global sourcing all around the world and how we put capital into ensuring that we have extremely low-cost plants. We will benefit from that long-term to be sure. In the short-term, given some of the disruptions that weve seen both in Asia as well as here in North America, weve had to deal with that. And that has brought some additional costs and obviously, as you heard, some disruption to the top line of the business as well, likewise, no question into the market share. So were moving to get through those as we go into 22, and we feel very confident in where we are with our supply chain and the changes that were making, particularly in the productivity initiative to continue to optimize that moving forward.
Operator: And up next, we will hear from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Steve Powers: Thanks very much and good morning.
Noel Wallace: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Powers: Maybe  Good morning. So maybe rounding out Daras initial question. Just could you talk a little bit about how Oral Care performed globally in the fourth quarter from an organic growth perspective? And then looking ahead, I guess Im wondering if you can provide just some more detail around the composition of the 3% to 5% growth youve called for 22 both by product segment, Oral Care versus Pet and presumably some normalization in Home and Personal Care, but also by price versus volume because obviously, youre putting in a lot of price. So Im assuming its going to be mostly price-led. But I guess I was a little surprised in the quarter to see Latin American volumes dipped negative in response to the sequential acceleration in price there. So just curious as to how  youre thinking about that and thinking about elasticity as 22 progresses? Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Sure. So let me talk a little bit about Oral Care. Obviously, in the prepared remarks, you saw that the fourth quarter was driven by Oral Care and Pet Nutrition. So overall, quite pleased. And that was despite some disruptions that we saw in the quarter. The shutdowns that we talked about in the third quarter had a more material impact in the fourth quarter. That was about 60 basis points of growth to the total company in the fourth quarter, and all of that would have been in Oral Care, so to speak. So were moving behind those. We see a little bit more disruption in the first quarter but we have a pretty good line of sight that by the second quarter and throughout the balance of the year, we will be back to where we need to get to be on that. So overall, Oral Care was good. I mentioned the strong exiting the market shares in Europe, which were very, very strong. We stabilized the shares in North America and actually saw some all outlet growth in the fourth quarter, driven by untracked channels, which was terrific. And were particularly pleased with the reception to our new products in 2022 that weve introduced as well as the acceptance of the pricing across North America. So were quite confident in terms of where were  how were setting ourselves up for continued growth in 22. You had a question on price volume, and Ill address the Latin America question within that. Obviously, there is going to be more price in our organic growth in 22 versus volume given the significant increases that were taking across the world. And as I mentioned, we began taking pricing at the end of the fourth quarter. We have implemented and announced pricing across the emerging markets here in the first quarter, which will take effect, as I mentioned earlier, in the early part of the second quarter. But no question, given the size of the pricing that were taking around the world, and youre seeing that from ourselves as well as competitors in other categories, you will see a falloff in volume. And were accustomed to that. Relative to how we think about our promotional cadence and how we think about our innovation plans as well to ensure that we continue to build volume through the balance of the year. So the makeup of the organic growth this year, no question will be driven more by price than by volume, which is a little bit different than what weve seen in historical years. Ill say that all boats rise in this environment in the sense that everyone is impacted by the inflationary environment. So as a result, youre going to see pricing up pretty consistently across all categories. That plays, as youve heard from others, into elasticity that youre not seeing one competitor move, youre seeing the category move. So elasticity tends to be a little bit less. We will see. Its early days now. But our experience, as you well know, Steve, of taking pricing quite significantly to offset foreign exchange in markets around the world. We have been able to balance that elasticity impact with good innovation and good promotional cadence, understanding how to ensure were innovating across the price tiers and making sure that were protecting the consumer and the category growth at the same time. Latin America had a really strong quarter. Bear in mind, they had a strong comp that they were dealing with. So the 2-year stack looks terrific. I think it was about 16%, if I remember correctly and obviously, 6% on top of 11% a year ago and largely driven by pricing. So, a little bit soft in the volume line as we took some pricing but we fully expect that that will recover itself. Categories continue to be quite healthy in Latin America, mid single-digit growth and the consumer seems to be responding to at least in the short-term, but we will watch that carefully as we move through 22.
Operator: And up next, we will take a question from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Andrea Teixeira: Thank you. Good morning. I guess you mentioned consumption has been greater than shipments. Can you update us on the service level in the U.S., where I understand that youre still reviewing inventory? And you mentioned that in the fourth  the first quarter is still going to be impacted by that  by some of the disruptions. So can you elaborate on that? And then on the Latin American comment that you answered to achieve just now, I was just wondering if  when you think about the volume shortfall, is it coming from mostly from Oral Care or is it coming from Home Care or even some of the Personal Care items that were  that had a lot of strong demand last year? Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Andrea, let me take your second question first because I think, to a certain extent, it addresses some of the earlier commentary on the quarter. Bear in mind that we had strong growth in Oral Care and Pet Nutrition. We were lapping significant category growth in Personal Care and Home Care that obviously paralleled our growth last year, given some of the impacts of COVID. Liquid hand soap, as a category in 21 was down roughly 25%. Likewise, you saw that level of growth as a category in the fourth quarter as well. Some of our home products  our cleaning products were down 15% to 20% as a category as well. So no question that had an impact in the quarter. But weve seen that kind of starting to stabilize and our sense is as we move into 22, those categories have hopefully bottomed out relative to consumption. John mentioned that we shipped above  consumption was above shipments, and that was due to a certain extent to the continued constraints around logistics, the challenge of getting trailers not only around the country, but across borders, either from Mexico or otherwise. Some of the challenges that we had and the shutdowns and plants across Asia that we mentioned earlier, that obviously had an impact on the North America number as well. But as I said, were moving through those. We think we will be out of that by the end of the quarter. Were taking the necessary steps, as I mentioned earlier, to ensure that our supply chain continues to operate as efficiently as possible. We will make a couple of changes relative to sourcing. That has obviously created a little headwind in terms of cost. But overall, we feel good about at least the plan in place, to address some of the short-term issues that we face. We will see the benefit of that as we refill the pipeline to a certain extent moving through the back half of the year.
Operator: And next, we will take a question from Kaumil Gajrawala with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Kaumil Gajrawala: Hi, good morning. Question, I suppose, on inflations impact on the consumer. Most of what weve heard so far, particularly in developed markets as we havent seen a lot of impact. I guess you guys have probably a better sense than most given how much inflation youve dealt with around the world and how this is likely to unfold. So if you could just talk about maybe the state of the consumer today where you expect it to be in developed markets as it relates to how they might be impacted by inflation?
Noel Wallace: Yes, thanks. Early days. Obviously, as you mentioned, weve had a lot of experience taking quite significant price increases around the world, particularly as we went through periods of significant foreign exchange headwinds. As I mentioned earlier, I think the big difference here is that the price increases are coming across the entire market in all categories. And as a result, you tend to see a little less elasticity when that happens. But were very prepared for that. As I mentioned earlier, very cognizant of our promotional cadence in terms of how to balance that, very cognizant of our need to bring value to our innovations to ensure that the pricing is executed successfully. But we feel pretty good about at least what weve seen in early days again, relative to elasticity, time will tell. But my sense is we will be able to weather this quite well given the whole market is moving, and we have a strong innovation and promotional strategy in place to continue to ensure the consumer is valued.
Operator: Up next, we will take a question from Chris Carey with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Chris Carey: Hi, good morning. Can you just expand a bit on the pricing actions in North America? I know its been asked, but perhaps in the context of the margin for the business in the quarter, obviously remains under pressure. And maybe loop into there how the productivity program for 2022 can potentially help that business. Do you think that with pricing coming with productivity coming with expectations around inflation getting a little bit better in the back half of the year that, that division from a margin standpoint can also improve along with the organic sales as some of the comps that have normalized and pricing builds?
Noel Wallace: Sure. So, we announced pricing in some of our Personal Care categories late last year, which took effect in the middle of this quarter. The balance of our categories have been announced and will take effect as we move into the second quarter. So, thats clearly the cadence that we see relative to pricing. Funding the growth relative to the North American business is typically pretty directional across every quarter. As I mentioned, we have mobilized specific teams in North America and in other regions to accelerate some of our funding the growth initiatives. Bear in mind that as we are dealing with the challenges around the supply chain that we want to ensure that we are finding time dedicated time to deliver funding the growth. When we produce against the demand that we have, we obviously dont want to shut our lines down to test funding the growth initiatives so we are finding alternative ways to do that. On top of that, as you mentioned, the productivity initiative, which will be a global initiative, will impact across more regions. There is not one specific region that we are targeting specifically on that. All the regions will be contributing based on the opportunities that we have identified. So, you will see pricing move through in the second quarter, funding the growth consistent across the year. And we believe quite confident that margins will begin to accelerate as we move into the back half of 22.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jason English: Hey, good morning folks. Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Hi Jason.
Jason English: Congrats on your success as you are accelerating Oral Care and delivering another rock solid year in Pet Care. Based on results and what we see in the market and where we hear you spend your time and energy on calls like this, it feels like you may be neglecting the Palmolive side of the Colgate-Palmolive business. Well, P&G is out there clearly spending a lot on advertising, they are innovating a lot and they seem to be executing quite well. First, do you think I am being too harsh here, or do you see some truth in this? And second, and I guess either way, can you share some of your initiatives and investments you have got planned for this business this year? And how they may compare or contrast to what you have been doing in the last couple of years? Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Yes. Thanks, Jason. So listen, we had, obviously, really strong performance in 21  excuse me, in 20 across our liquid hand soap, our Personal Care categories, which include Palmolive overseas as well as our Home Care categories here in North America. Obviously, that  those categories, as I mentioned earlier, are falling off quite significantly, but we believe have stabilized and will provide more continuity as we move forward. We had some challenges, obviously, getting some of the innovation executed what we wanted to do. Obviously, thats had a short-term impact. But we feel very good about the plans we have in place in terms of not only getting the pricing through the category, but making sure that we continue to deliver an entrepreneurial approach to these businesses because we have isolated pockets of strength, North America being one, Latin America being another, where we find the opportunities on the ground that we can execute against. So overall, we feel good about it. We know some of our competitors are spending significant money in these categories. As we talked about earlier, we have increased advertising in the 22 plan. That will support all of our key priorities mainly Oral Care as well as Hills, but we will look selectively in some of our core markets to ensure that we have competitive spending levels to address some of the softness that we saw this year coming out of a very robust 2020.
Operator: Up next, we will take a question from Kevin Grundy with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Kevin Grundy: Great. Thanks. Good morning everyone. I have a follow-up question on pricing. Two areas, please. On the elasticities, which I think Steve spoke to and then on pricing ladder specifically. So, number one, on elasticities, just to drill down a little bit because I think the general view would be that the elasticities have been better than expected, at least so far. So, if we do see a mean reversion on elasticities, could that represent downside potentially to your outlook, or have you already sort of reflected that? So, I think additional commentary there would be helpful. And then also to an earlier question, just on the state of consumer. My question is on sort of your pricing ladders, I guess at this point and the potential for consumer trade down to mid-tier value brands or even private label. Have you included some elements of that or not really and thats just something that the company will have to react to and could potentially result in some negative mix implications whether this is around lower-priced brands or additional promo, etcetera? So, just maybe drilling down on those two areas would be helpful. Thank you for that.
Noel Wallace: Sure, Kevin. So again, lets talk to pricing elasticity. Its early days right now, as I mentioned. But we expect that we will not see as much pricing elasticity in our business, specifically our own business, as we have seen in the past, given that everyone is taking pricing, it seems pretty consistently across all of our categories and across the world. Time will tell on that, clearly. The elasticity assumptions that we built into the P&L are quite conservative. I mean we wanted to be very careful there to ensure that we were able to adjust and have enough flex in the P&L based on how we saw the consumers react. So, my sense is we are covered there, but we shall watch this carefully to ensure that our assumptions are accurate. And we will pivot as necessary as we see whats happening in the marketplace. As I mentioned earlier, its not only just taking pricing, its how we go about executing that in the market relative to our promotional cadence, relative to our new product cadence. And that really fits into the second part of your question, which is the pricing ladder. One of the aspects of our business that we feel very good about is how we have clear distinction at price tiers and value add across the multiple price tiers in which we compete. And we have innovation planned across all those price tiers. Innovation that will not only get us pricing, but brings value add to the consumer should there be any temptation to trade down, particularly in the premium side of the business. But the important piece there is that we are looking to innovate across all of our price tiers to ensure that we continue to bring value to those consumers as they address obviously, a significant headwind around inflation in their markets.
Operator: We will now hear from Wendy Nicholson with Citi. Please go ahead.
Wendy Nicholson: Hi. I wanted to go back and revisit the productivity initiative a little bit. Kind of just taking a bigger step back, I know obviously, when you came in as CEO, there was a little bit of a margin reset as you decided you needed to reinvest in the business, and thats worked really well because the top line has come in for the last few years in line with your goals. But we have seen margins under pressure, and I know there is COVID and currency and obviously commodities and logistics and all of that. But just kind of longer term, I guess my question is, how do you feel about the kind of 22%, 23% operating margin level for the company? Is that the right level? How much of the global productivity initiative savings this year are going to be reinvested versus drop to the bottom line? And give us the margin expansion and kind of all related to that, and I am sorry for the long question, again, back to Laurences point, its really unusual for us to see just a 1-year initiative. And I think thats probably good news because its not that disruptive to the organization. But bad news if you have to have multiple of these. And so I am wondering, is this really just a one-off, or do you sort of say, Oh, we might have more in 23. We might have more in 24. Just a little bit more color to sort of say, whats the goal here? Is this margin expansion, or is this cost of business has gone up and we just need to keep reinvesting? Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Thanks, Wendy. Its kind of all of the above. But let me take a step back for a moment. Obviously, we came out of a pretty significant restructuring program that ended in 2019, the better part of 5 years to 6 years of that. And as we have obviously started to think about our 2025 strategic plan, its only good business to continue to look for ways to optimize. We have made a lot of changes in the organization around our structure around innovation, our digital transformation, our back-office centers, how we are thinking about SAP S/4HANA, how we are thinking about our manufacturing footprint and our manufacturing strategy moving forward. All of those are the right things to do to continue to drive efficiency across the business and ensure that we continue to execute against our strategies. So, this is a very focused program. We believe  I mean it was in response to what we needed to deliver for our 2025 plan to get ahead of this even faster. I mentioned earlier, our overhead structure is pretty well managed right now. You saw overheads down, our fixed costs down in 2021. You saw them down quite considerably in the fourth quarter. That bodes well for us as we move into 22, but we need to continue to optimize and reallocate resources into the key growth priorities we have across the company. And you have seen some of those growth priorities. Obviously, the advertising piece has been a key driver of our top line sustained momentum. And our intention, as we laid out in 22, is to accelerate that advertising, not only across Oral Care and Pet Nutrition business, but our skin health and some of the other categories that I mentioned earlier in the discussion. So again, we intend to reinvest most of this money, but we want to have levers available to us as we go through the year. We brought Stan in. A big purpose of bringing Stan in was not only his technology background to help us with our transformation, but to help us think about where we can optimize our structure going forward. So, why dont I turn it over to Stan, and let him share a couple of his thoughts on this.
Stan Sutula: Wendy, first of all, thanks for the question. As we look at gross profit, last year, certainly a great year benefited from COVID-driven categories. But where we landed in 2021 on a full year, I think its important for a little bit of context, thats equal to where we were pre-pandemic. So, it hasnt fallen off from those levels. There is obviously a big mix impact from the categories that drive that. But this productivity program will help us accelerate our actions through our 2025 strategy. We think they are in the right places. Again, there will be timing here, these will start to benefit us in the back half of the year. And on annualized rate, $90 million to $110 million is a meaningful number. Now behind that, on the split of what goes to the bottom line versus what goes back into the business, we have some flexibility there. But part of this is going to get invested back into the business. As we have said, we want to continue to drive the long-term health of these categories and the long-term health of the business. So, the margin as we went through the year, obviously, wrapped on a very difficult compare, but we are confident in our ability to drive margin expansion in 2022.
Noel Wallace: Thanks Wendy.
Operator: Up next, we will take a question from Mark Astrachan with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Mark Astrachan: Yes. Thanks and good morning everyone. I wanted to follow up on that question. Can you hear me?
Noel Wallace: Yes, I can. Go ahead.
Mark Astrachan: Sorry. So, I wanted to follow-up on that question and just think about it on a longer-term basis. What is the right level of EBIT margin for the business over time? If you take a look, over the last decade, its roughly flat, I guess the puts and takes on input costs, FX, etcetera. But in absolute, investors expected to increase over time, given what you said about increasing investment. There is less balanced growth, especially if you look this year with pet driving majority of growth. You cut ad spend in the fourth quarter as an example. And obviously, we see increasing competition coming from standalone consumer healthcare companies like GSK and J&J. So, just conceptually, how do we think about this, or how do you think about it? If we look out to your 2025 targets, obviously, not having specific targets there, but can EBIT margins grow over time? And how should we all think about that?
Noel Wallace: Yes. Listen, ultimately, our goal is to continue to drive EBIT margins up. And if you think about what we are trying to execute and what we have executed over the last couple of years, notwithstanding obviously some of the setbacks related to COVID, its accelerating our priority categories. Its the Oral Care acceleration. We will grow EBIT margins over time. Accelerating Pet Care, Premium Pet Nutrition, likewise. The Skin Health businesses, we continue to be very committed to those. All margin accretive to the bottom line of the company. So obviously, driving an improved mix in getting those three categories continuing to drive the top line of the company will ultimately deliver more EBIT margin. But we have to be proactive. I mean we are proactive in taking, obviously, the pricing we just discussed. We have to be proactive in ensuring that we have the resources internally to optimize our media spend. We will talk a little bit about that at CAGNY, some of the great work that we are doing around driving ROI more efficiently across our advertising spend. Now that may allow us to spend more against some of the opportunities we see or optimize our spending as we move forward. Likewise, as we talked about earlier  most of the call today is the pricing aspect of this. And we will continue to be bold and ambitious with our pricing because we believe getting the gross margin in the P&L, ultimately, the EBIT up is the way to continue to fuel the investment that we need to sustain the top line growth. So ultimately, the goal is to drive EBIT margins. Obviously, some challenges in the short-term that we have seen. But we think as we execute against our 2025 strategy, the category that we compete in today, the pricing, the innovation that we have in place, all will contribute to that. The program that we announced is all part of that, obviously, looking at ways to optimize our structure to ensure that we find ways to improve the profitability through the income statement.
Operator: And our last question today comes from Robert Ottenstein with Evercore. Please go ahead.
Robert Ottenstein: Great. Thank you very much. First, just a couple of follow-ups and then my real question. So, just on the U.S. Oral Care business, can you talk  can you dimensionalize kind of what the gap was between shipments and retail? And what that impact was maybe as a percentage? And then I guess related, maybe give us a sense of how much the U.S. Oral Care market grew in 2021? And then can you also may be put a little finer point on terms of the magnitude of the U.S. pricing that you are putting in. A lot of adjectives around it, but are we talking mid-single digit, healthy mid-single digit, high-single digit, double digit, just kind of a little bit of sense on that. So, those are just the follow-ups. And then the real question is really can you go into China a little bit. We havent talked about that much today. In prior calls, there was some discussion of some disruptions that happened in some of the distribution tiers. I would love to understand a little bit how that developed in the quarter. Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Okay. Thanks, Rob and good morning. Listen, on the pricing, I cant be really any more specific than what I provided you earlier. Obviously, we have announced pricing in some categories in the fourth quarter in North America. We are taking the bulk of our categories were announced and will be effective in the second quarter and consistent with where we see inflation and our needs to continue to grow gross margins that really dictates the level of pricing that we take and where we think we can take it with list prices, and how we do it through our revenue growth management initiatives and how do we do it through our innovation strategy. So, its a well thought through approach to ensuring that we are getting the right pricing across the price tiers, able to drive value to the consumer through our innovation, and making sure that we balance that with our promotional cadence. And ultimately, we will see we have  we do the opposite kind of visibility to where our competitors are taking pricing. We do this in isolation. And we do it based on what we think is right for our business. And we adjust accordingly, moving forward. On China specifically, great success in China, in fact and I think we are still in the early days of that. We saw the Colgate business respond really nicely to a very distinct change in our strategy in that market, not only our go-to-market approach, but more importantly, our innovation approach to really go after the premium side of the market. In e-commerce, e-commerce is now 25% to 30% of the category. And we are the fastest growing brand in e-commerce right now. And that is all at a index of about 2.5x to the market average. So, it really is premium innovation thats driving our success there. We have got more work to do. We have got some opportunities in the brick-and-mortar environment. We have seen that share stabilize. And so the incremental growth has mainly come through online. And we see as we think about our distribution model moving forward some ways to optimize that. We are taking an important step with our Hawley & Hazel brand in 2022 with Hawley. We have got good innovation and good support levels for that business, to continue to accelerate that. So, we feel pretty good about China. Now, China obviously, the category has been quite sluggish. I mean the brick-and-mortar category was actually down, whereas e-commerce was up. This was really driven by the lack of mobility in the marketplace that we have seen over the last year and the lockdowns that we have seen across that market in different provinces. And that has certainly had an impact on consumption. So, things have slowed a bit. But I think as we move into 22 and knock on wood that COVID continues to moderate. We will see obviously, that category rebound nicely and where we believe in a much stronger position to capitalize on that and we were before.
Operator: And thats all the questions we have in the queue. I will turn the conference back to the speakers for additional or closing remarks.
Noel Wallace: Well, thanks everyone. So, let me close by extending my deepest gratitude to all the Colgate people that are listening today and those that arent their resilience and their care and managing through just an extraordinary environment in 2021, which was obviously continue to be disrupted by the challenges of COVID are nothing, but impressive. For staying so focused on the innovation, our revenue growth management initiatives, as well as the brand building plans had accelerated and sustained top line growth for the company and continued to deliver strong results, so my gratitude and appreciation to all the Colgate people and thanks everyone. I will see you at CAGNY.
Operator: This concludes todays call. We do thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-29 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Please standby, we're about to begin. Good day, and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgatepalmolive.com. Now, for opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to Chief Investor Relations Officer, John Faucher. Please go ahead, John.
John Faucher: Thanks, Jennifer. Good morning, and welcome to our 2021 third quarter earnings release conference call. This is John Faucher, Chief Investor Relations Officer. Today's conference call will include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from these statements. Please refer to the earnings press release and our most recent filings with the SEC, including our 2020 annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings, all available on Colgate's website for a discussion of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these statements.  This conference call will also include a discussion of non-GAAP financial measures, including those identified in Tables 8 and 9 of the earnings press release. A full reconciliation to the corresponding GAAP financial measures is included in the earnings press release and is available on Colgate's website. Joining me on the call this morning are Noel Wallace, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer; and Stan Sutula, Chief Financial Officer. I will provide commentary on our Q3 performance, as well as our latest thoughts on 2021 guidance, before turning it over to Noel to provide his thoughts on how we will continue to deliver on our growth trajectory. We will then open it up for Q&A.  As usual, we request that you limit yourself to one question, so that as many people as possible get to ask a question. If you have further questions, you are welcome to reenter the queue. Our focus on innovation, premiumization, pricing, and productivity allowed us to deliver solid Q3 and year-to-date results, despite a very difficult operating environment. We continue to deliver against our targets because we are executing consistently on the strategy Noel laid out at CAGNY back in 2019. We are focused on delivering consistent, sustainable, profitable growth, both volume and pricing growth, growth in all of our categories, growth in all of our divisions emerging and developed markets. And this has enabled us to deliver 11 straight quarters with organic sales growth in line with, or above our long-term target of 3% to 5%. This is, despite very difficult comparisons, and a challenging operating environment. The current operating environment is challenging in many different ways. Consumer mobility is limited in many markets, particularly in Asia, due to government restrictions to stop the spread of COVID-19, which is having a negative impact on category growth. These restrictions have also led to temporary closure of manufacturing facilities across many industries as you have heard in the news and from other companies. We are not immune to these restrictions, although given the essential nature of our categories, we produce products that people and their pets use on a daily basis to lead healthier lives.  We have been able to resume production throughout our network, although sometimes at a lower-than-normal level. This did have a slight impact on sales in the third quarter. And we expect a modest impact in the fourth quarter, as we ramp production back up. We are fortunate to have a flexible and resilient global supply chain that has helped us to offset some of the effects of the supply chain challenges, albeit sometimes with additional logistics costs. Speaking of logistics, the stress on global logistics networks is creating shortages of raw materials, lengthening shipment times, increasing costs, and adding additional uncertainty. All of this is on top of the significant increases in raw material costs and continued movement in foreign exchange. These challenges will continue into next year, but we will continue to meet them head on. Our net sales grew 6.5% in the quarter, driven by 4.5% organic sales growth and a 2% benefit from foreign exchange. Our organic sales growth in the third quarter was led by Oral Care, where we were up mid-single digits, and Pet Nutrition, where we were up double digits. We delivered organic sales growth in Homecare despite a difficult comparison, which puts our homecare business at double-digit growth on a two-year stack.  As expected, organic sales in Personal Care declined mid-single digits as we lap the COVID-related growth in liquid hand soap in the year-ago period, but sales remain above 2019 levels. We grew volume 1.5% in the quarter. Pricing grew 3% in the quarter up sequentially from Q2, despite a more difficult 4.5% comparison as we continue to layer in new pricing to try to offset accelerating raw materials costs. Pricing was up in every category and every division. Raw materials continue to increase in Q3, putting further pressure on our gross margins, despite additional pricing and productivity efforts.  Our gross margin was down 180 basis points in the quarter. Pricing was a 110 basis point benefit to gross margin, while raw materials were a 510 basis point headwind, despite a slight benefit from transactional foreign exchange. Productivity was favorable by 220 basis points. On a GAAP and base business basis, our SG&A was up 50 basis points on a percent of sales, driven by significant increase in logistics costs as advertising was up on a dollar basis, but flat on a percent of sales basis. Excluding logistics and advertising, our overheads were down slightly on a dollar basis and down nicely on a percent of sales basis. We continue to increase our investments in capabilities like digital, e-commerce, and data and analytics, but this was more than offset by sales leverage and tight expense controls. For the third quarter on a GAAP basis, our operating profit was down 5% year-over-year, while it was down 3% on a base business basis. Our EPS was down 7% on a GAAP basis, and up 3% on a base business basis. A few comments on our divisional performance. Net sales in North America grew 1% in the third quarter, with organic sales growth of 0.5% and 50 basis points of favorable foreign exchange. Volumes were flat in the quarter, despite a negative nearly 400 basis points impact from lower liquid hand soap volumes.  While pricing was slightly favorable. We made significant progress on our North American business in the quarter with solid Oral Care growth driven by mid-single-digit growth in toothpaste, which led to improved toothpaste market share performance through the quarter.  Personal Care and Homecare were both down, as we lapped COVID benefits in the year-ago period although EltaMD and PCA skin delivered strong growth in the quarter. North America operating margins were negatively impacted by raw materials and higher logistics costs. The impact of plant closures on our global supply chain required us to incur additional airfreight charges to fulfill customer orders in the quarter. We also incurred some additional manufacturing costs in the quarter that should help improve the long-term profitability of the division.  Latin America net sales were up 11%, with 8% organic sales growth and a 300 basis point benefit from foreign exchange. All three categories delivered organic sales growth in the quarter, with Oral Care organic sales growth in the high single digits. Volume was plus 2.5% in the quarter, while pricing was up 5.5%. Brazil and Mexico led the growth in the quarter, while Columbia delivered double-digit growth following last quarter's political unrest. The natural segment continues to be a key driver of growth for us across Latin America, particularly Colgate Natural Extracts Charcoal. And we recently launched Colgate Zero Toothpaste in Brazil. Our strong Latin America pricing growth highlights the success of our Revenue Growth Management program with a combination of less price increases, premium innovation, and trade promo adjustments. Europe net sales grew 1% in the quarter, with organic sales minus 1%, and foreign exchange adding 2%. Volume was down 1%, and pricing was flat. Oral Care organic sales grew high single digits, while Personal Care organic sales were down sharply, driven by difficult liquid hand soap comparisons due to COVID-related consumption in the year-ago period and a decline in Florida Duty free sales. Colgate elixir toothpaste continued to drive growth in the quarter, along with strong contributions from Elmex and Meridol.  Asia-Pacific net sales grew 1% and organic sales declined 0.5% in the quarter, with volume down slightly and pricing and foreign exchange both slightly positive. Oral Care saw low-single digit organic sales growth in the quarter while Personal care, and Home Care were down due to difficult COVID comparisons. We did see government imposed mobility restrictions negatively impacting category volumes in several markets, including many in Southeast Asia. India and the Colgate China business both delivered strong volume growth behind robust innovation in the ayurvedic segment in India and an e-commerce in China.  Our Hawley & Hazel JV saw significantly improved performance in Q3 versus Q2, with trends also improving sequentially through the quarter. Africa, Eurasia net sales grew 1% in the quarter, with organic -- with an organic sales decline of 1%, lapping double-digit organic growth in the year-ago period, more than offset by a 2% positive impact from foreign exchange. Volumes were minus 4.5%, while pricing was plus 3.5%, The organic sales growth decline in the quarter was driven by personal care as we lapped double-digit growth in the year-ago period due to COVID-related demand and pricing. Oral Care organic sales in the quarter were flat as disruptions in the global supply chain had a negative impact on product availability. Fill strong growth continued in the third quarter with 20% net sales growth and 19% organic sales growth. With strong growth in both emerging and developed markets. Organic sales growth was driven by double-digit volume growth and high single-digit pricing through list price increases and our premiumization strategies. Our focus on the microbiome, which [Indiscernible] talked about during our CAGNY presentation this year, continues to pay dividends with the active biome plus technology. Including in Hill's Prescription Diet gastrointestinal [Indiscernible] and Hill's Science Diet Perfect Digestion Both of which are driving sales growth and share in this important segment. And now for guidance. We still expect organic sales growth for the year to be within our 3% to 5% long-term target range. As I mentioned previously, we have seen an impact from government actions to stem the spread of COVID-19, including reduced consumer mobility and supply chain interruptions. We are managing through these issues, but we would expect modest headwinds from this to continue in the fourth quarter. Using current spot rates, we expect foreign exchange to be a low single-digit benefit for the year, others slightly less favorable than when we gave guidance in July. Please note that at current spot rates, foreign exchange will have a negative impact on Q4. All-in, we still expect net sales to be up 4% to 7%. given the continued pressures from raw materials, we are projecting a greater decline in gross margin than when we last gave guidance in July. Fourth quarter gross margin is expected to be roughly in line with the third quarter although the raw material situation remains very difficult. We continue to take additional steps to mitigate the impact of these cost headwinds, including additional pricing, optimizing trade spending, accelerating FTG where available, and many others.  We are focused on recouping the gross margin we have lost due to cost inflation over time, and are planning to take the actions necessary to do so. Advertising is still expected to be up on a dollar basis, but flat on a percent of sales basis. Given the issues surrounding logistics networks on a global basis, our logistics costs will continue to be a headwind, particularly in the U.S. and Africa/Eurasia. Our tax rate is now expected to be between 22% and 23% for the year on both a GAAP and base business basis. On a GAAP basis, we still expect earnings-per-share growth in the low-to-mid single-digits, and as we said on the second quarter call, towards the lower end of that range.  On a base business basis, we continue to expect earnings-per-share growth in the mid-to-high single-digits. Again, we would expect to land at the lower end of that range. And with that, I will turn it over to Noel.
Noel Wallace: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. So what I take away from our performance, I guess both in the third quarter and on a year-to-date basis, is that we continue to make good progress on our strict strategic and operational journey despite the significant volatility we're encountering across our entire business. At the heart of this is our strategy to deliver broad-based, sustainable, profitable growth. Every division, every category, both volume and pricing, that's our aspiration. And over the past few years, we have changed our mindset about how we drive growth. We're more proactive in attacking the opportunities for growth. Think core, premium [indiscernible] faster alternative channels and markets. And of course, we talked a lot about building capabilities. Think digital, data, e-commerce, innovation. All of these are helping us mine these important areas of growth. While lapping our most difficult comparisons in over a decade, we've delivered organic sales growth at the high end of our long-term target range of 3% to 5%. And on a 2-year basis, both pricing and volume growth increased sequentially in the quarter. Importantly, this growth is being driven by our two most important categories: oral care and pet nutrition. Oral care organic sales were up mid-single-digits in Q3 against the mid-single-digit comparison enter up high single-digits year-to-date. We're driving this growth through more impactful innovation, Sure growth and faster growth channels like e-commerce and pharmacies, and hire more efficient marketing spending. Our premiumization strategy is paying off with our focus on breakthrough and transformational innovation, changing how we interact with the people who use our products. A great example of this is how we've changed our approach to whitening. In U.S, you're familiar with Optic White renewal, which has done incredibly well. Outside the U.S., the story needs to be more about just hydrogen peroxide levels. In China, it's about enzyme-based whitening.  In other markets, we have whitening products targeted towards consumers who had loved tea or coffee, or consumers who love wine or tobacco. We're targeting the whitening opportunity much more broadly with new technologies, formulations, and delivery systems, expanding our growth potential. Pet Nutrition organic sales growth was up 19% in the quarter against an 11% comparison, and is now up 14% year-to-date through quarter 3. This growth is driven by Hill's science-based equity messaging behind our core. It's driven by meaningful premium innovation and the continued expertise of our digital and e-commerce teams.  The launch of Prescription Diet Derm complete those breakthrough therapeutic nutrition for both food and environmental sensitivities has lead to share gains in the category and is being rolled out internationally over the next few quarters. Hills goal of MD pet obesity where study show over 50% of pets are overweight is the impetus for our Hills master brand campaign. This campaign has been rolled out globally, and has driven growth in both our therapeutic, and wellness anti-obesity products. In this type of environment, we couldn't deliver the results without -- this year without the amazing work done by Colgate people every day.  Our customer development organization is reacting quickly to the changing cost environment so we can take pricing as part of the revenue growth management initiative. Marketing in R&D of working together to accelerate the launch of premium innovation to drive mix and profitability. And most importantly, our global supply chain team has delivered these results despite freight and logistics disruptions, plant closures, congested ports, and supplier outages. Importantly, all the efforts we have put into building capabilities over the past few years is not just about driving growth.  It's also about creating an organization that can respond more rapidly to all these challenges we face around the world. For example, our focus on data and analytics is helping our Revenue Growth Management Program pinpoint the best opportunities for incremental pricing as costs continue to rise. We are getting this pricing out in the market more quickly and the data that drives this process gives our people on the ground more confidence in their decisions. Our investment in e-commerce and digital marketing continues to pay off. In our six largest e-commerce market for Oral Care, we finished the third quarter with year-to-date net sales already ahead of 22 net sales -- 2020 net sales and toothpaste share growth in five of the six markets. We've implemented new media buying strategy to drive efficiencies both online and offline, and launched a four-tier training program to enable 14,000 of our employees to help drive our digital strategy. But as I've said, the key through all of this is that we recognize that the strategy is working. And while we address the pressing issues of raw materials, logistics, and supply chain, we can't lose sight of our long-term areas of focus. Our innovation calendar for 2022 will show an increase in the percentage of innovation that is breakthrough and transformational. We've announced our new sustainability and social impact strategy this year, Which includes 11 new targets and actions in areas like Zero Waste, climate change, using less plastic, as well as bright smiles, bright futures, and our diversity equity and inclusion efforts. And we will continue to build our people and capabilities through new ways of working that are truly changing how Colgate people do their jobs. 2021 has been very challenging year for us, and many of these challenges will continue in 2022, but I'm confident of the changes the Colgate people put in place over the past several years which will allow us to continue to deliver our goal of sustainable, profitable growth. And now I'll open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we'll go first to Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.
Dara Mohsenian: Hey, guys.
Noel Wallace: Hey, Dara.
Dara Mohsenian: So, Noel, can you review your Oral Care market share performance globally, maybe compare and contrast some of the regions that are performing better versus laggards? And if you take a step back, looking at the strategies you laid out at CAGNY a few years ago, which strategies have sort of taken hold in Oral Care are working? Maybe what are some of the areas where you might need some more work? And if I can just slip in a related second part, can you also update us on the competitive and the pricing environment in Oral Care in light of the higher cost environment here? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Thanks, Dara. So overall, we're pleased with the progress that we're making on Oral Care, particularly in toothpaste and manual toothbrushes. If you take our shares on a constant currency basis, they're relatively flat, which is better than where we had then. When you start to go around the world, particularly as you look at new channels, we're very pleased with the progress we're making in e-commerce and pharmacy. So let's just bounce around the world a bit. North America still has been a little bit soft, but we've seen the shares bounce back nicely in the last 13 weeks and where our shares are actually flat now. And all outlet basis if you take e-commerce and all the untracked channels, our estimation is our shares are back to flat and U.S slightly up, which is good progress, particularly as we've seen the acceleration of some of the premium SKUs that we've launched in the market, particularly whitening over the last 13 weeks. And likewise, our e-commerce shares continue to be good, not as good - strong as our general market, but progressing in North America.  Europe, the shares have been strong. Our Elmex and our strategy behind Elmex and Meridol has been very successful in pushing those businesses across all of our core markets. Our shares continue to be up across that region and we continue to see the shift toward our premium bundles, which was again part of the strategy change that we outlined back at CAGNY that we were going to focus on underserved channels like pharmacy with some of our premium therapeutic equities, like Meridol and Elmex. Latin America, the shares continue to be very strong, flat in the quarter, slightly down as a result of some of the promotional volume that we've given up in Mexico, which has been quite significant, but Brazil shares continue to be pretty good and trending nicely, particularly behind strong revenue growth management initiatives that have characterized the Brazilian subsidiary for so long, but overall pretty good.  Africa, pretty good. Good shares in South Africa, better shares in Russia as we move to a premiumization strategy there, so we're pleased with that aspect as well. China has been a terrific performance in the quarter for us, Dara. We've seen our e-commerce shares across both the Hawley & Hazel joint venture as well as the Colgate franchise be the fastest-growing SKUs in the market. We are the fastest-growing manufacturer in the market. Our shares on the Colgate business in China now are up after many years of declines when you combine both brick-and-mortar as well as e-commerce. So overall, very pleased, then again, I think that's a testament to the strategy and the strategic changes we made with our portfolio.  Remember that our big focus in China was getting the premiumization part of the portfolio fixed. The growth in e-commerce has all been premium SKUs, which priced at about 300 index to the general market. So again, I think good innovation at that end of the market is helping to drive our business. And you heard in the upfront comments, obviously, e-commerce across the world, once again is driving a nice shares for us, particularly in Oral Care, where we've had a lot of focus. Coming back to the question around the strategy on Oral Care, again, the focus was premium, innovation and new channels. And if you take our pharmacy growth across the world in toothpaste, very strong, particularly in key markets where we really focused, which have been in Africa, Europe and Latin America, particularly Brazil. You see our pharmacy shares continuing to grow and we've got a good pipeline of innovation coming in 2022 that's going to be specifically tailored towards pharmacy growth. And likewise, e-commerce being the other fast-growth channel and obviously just articulated the success we're having there. Therapeutic was the other big focus that we had in CAGNY in terms of where we're going to push the Oral Care business, particularly toothpaste. We've expanded meridol and elmex strategically in the core markets where we see big pharmacy classes of trade and where we see the therapeutic segment growing. And our success has been quite notable, particularly in those markets, whether you look at Brazil specifically, whether you look at the Middle East, where we've been quite successful as well. So again, I think that strategy seems to be taking hold. Naturals has quite frankly been a little bit soft, and I think that's coming out of the COVID period, where consumers traded to more therapeutic efficacious brand so to speak and the natural segment was softer than we would expect it. So hello, here in North America, shares are stable but not growing as much as we anticipated. We did indicate that we're rolling that out selectively into some core markets around the world. And that will unfold in the balance of this quarter and into the first quarter of next year.  So overall, I think the strategy that we outlined are working certainly as you've seen from the results there, mid-single digits in the quarter and high single on the year for Oral Care, which has been absolutely terrific and consistent, and that is on top of a marketplace that quite frankly is growing considerably below that right now. So again, we think we're driving share globally when you look at it on all outlet basis, particularly given the organic growth sequential improvements that we're seeing.
Operator: We'll go next to Peter Grom with UBS.
Peter Grom: Hey. Good morning, everyone. I hope you're doing well. So, I was hoping to get your perspective on kind of what you're seeing in the current environment and how that informs your view on the growth trajectory as we look ahead to '22, right? So the top line momentum is strong, and as you mentioned, the inflation and FX headwinds are expected to continue. And I don't expect guidance, but I would just love to get your perspective on how we should think about margin progression looking out beyond Q4.
Noel Wallace: Well, listen, Peter. You've heard it, I think throughout the earnings season so far, that obviously, cost inflation is significant for all fast-moving consumer goods. And we're certainly not immune to that. And -- but what we are very good at is pricing, and you've seen that consistently over time and time over the years, whether it's foreign exchange inflation or raw and packing material inflation, we have found ways over time to recover that in our margin line. And that is certainly the focus right now in the business. The good news is when you have an inflationary environment that's indexed around raw materials, you tend to have everyone looking to take pricing in the market, and that makes it more conducive certainly from a category standpoint and making sure that everyone takes pricing that the volume continues to go along with that. So we're pleased that we've seen pricing in the marketplace, we've been leading that across the board, quite frankly, particularly in emerging markets where we've taken pricing quite aggressively throughout the first half and very much into the third quarter and we've laid out pricing for the fourth quarter and into early 2022. So we'll see the margins begin to recover. Now, the environment you've heard around raw materials and logistics continues to be extremely volatile. And we anticipate that we'll continue to see some headwinds in that space. The team understands that and is putting the strategies in to place in order to recover margins as we move forward. We will also be heightening our focus around Revenue Growth Management. That discipline is going to be really embedded much more so given the fact that we've now put some analytical processes in place to help the teams, as I outlined, which we think is terrific. It will give the teams a lot more confidence on the pricing that we're taking to ensure that we're working with our trade partners to grow category at the same time as we take pricing to recover cost, so we're pleased with that.  Likewise, had a lot of discussions over the last couple of months on our grids our new product grids relative to premium innovation, and making sure that we continue to focus on that area of the business, whereas historically we've under-indexed and we've seen good progress against that, particularly, as you look at some of the premium businesses that we have around the world, whether it'd be Elmex, Meridol or some of the prices we've taken on our therapeutic bundles within the Colgate portfolio. So overall, a tough raw material environment will continue to be very choppy but we're very focused in terms of taking pricing and ensuring that we push our premium innovation moving forward.
Operator: We'll go next to Andrea Teixeira with JP Morgan.
Andrea Teixeira: Thank you. Good morning. Could you talk about your supply chain? And I know you mentioned the issues in China, but I think 2 parts to this question: A. What is happening globally? Do you see mostly things sequentially improving, or it's still very tough to service clients and customers globally. And B. I think you said there was an impact in the third quarter and it's going to linger in China in the fourth. I'm assuming this is not material, but just wondering if you can quantify. Thank you.
Noel Wallace: [Indiscernible] You've come to know Colgate in the fact that we consider our supply chain a competitive advantage for us and that is the fact that we operate globally with some of the most efficient facilities around the world. And the benefit of that is obviously translated into the strong gross margin progression that we've seen over the years. That being said, when you operated global supply chain, you're not immune to decisions taken in locally that will impact that. And obviously in Asia, where we have seen our government's taking actions to stop the spread of COVID, whether it'd be bad or obviously impacting some of our suppliers and our third-party contractors, we've seen disruption in the supply chain. And as a result of that, we have the contingencies in place to move that production elsewhere, which the team has done just a tremendous job in servicing the sales needs of the business. And you've seen that, obviously, in the acceleration or the continuous good topline growth that we've had.  And that's a function of our supply chain ensuring that we meet the demand of our products and our retailers. And we move production around the world to do that. That comes with a cost that certainly we incurred in the quarter. Some of the disruption specifically related to what we referred to in our commentary, we're moving through those very quickly. We have moved behind one that was quite significant and we're back to where we needed to be in terms of output and we're back to pretty close on some of the other ones.  We expect that to be fully back in capacity by the end of the quarter of this quarter, but that being said, the environment is very unpredictable. And we'll continue to try to anticipate some of these things moving forward as we've done, but one can never be for sure when a government decides to come in, and shut down a province, or an area based on their needs. Likewise, this has a big impact obviously on the rest of the supply chain, whether it'd be raw material sourcing, whether it'd be our contractors.  You heard in John's commentary, we did take some decisions, particularly in North America, around some of the contractors that we use in order to clean that up and move into a supply chain strategy that allows us to exit some of those and get more efficiencies moving forward. We're taking all the right decisions moving through the issues that we had in the third quarter but we are not immune to the unpredictability of the supply chain that environment that everyone's faced with today.
Operator: We'll go next to Nik Modi with RBC Capital Markets.
Nik Modi: Yes. Good morning, everyone. No. I was hoping you can talk about -- I was hoping you can talk about pet. It's been a remarkable turnaround over the last few years obviously, improvements in market share but also category growth. So I just wanted to see if you can unpack some of the drivers that you see for the business, and how long do you think that higher pet adoption phenomenon that we've seen during COVID will continue to be an incremental tailwind?
Noel Wallace: Sure. Listen, the pet business has been terrific, obviously. I think a lot of the change in strategies that we deployed a couple of years ago, which again are based foundationally on exactly all the stuff we're trying to deploy across the world, really working on the core of our business, looking at premium innovation and continuing to really dial up our focus on high-growth channels. And that's exactly what's unfolded over the last couple of years and that strategy is continuing obviously to get sharper and sharper, as we executed more broadly across the Hills network around the world. A lot of that growth has come out in North America which has been terrific, the double-digit growth compounding each other. U.S. had another outstanding quarter in the third quarter. Again, we're benefiting from a quite buoyant category, but the important part that you called out is we're growing share quite consistently, not only across our wellness products are our core products, but also our therapeutic products and Prescription Diet. We're seeing obviously Vetenerians open back up. That is certainly improving the consumption of our Prescription Diet. We talked at length about the innovation process we had behind Hills, which I think is second to none in the category right now, bringing real science and real therapeutic benefits to pet owners. And we're seeing that translate into obviously more penetration and growing share. We continue to talk about the low awareness of Hills, both in North America and around the world that affords us a significant opportunities We continue to build that brand consistently all over the world and we're continued to invest behind that business. Despite the fact that raw materials are a headwind, we're not going to jeopardize the health of the brand by cutting back on our investment. We will continue to invest to grow awareness And that ultimately is growing penetration in the category, so we feel very good about where we are. Obviously the comparisons continue to get tough, but those have been tough, and we continue to see good progress on the strategy, our ability to take pricing, and our ability to bring in new consumers to the franchise.
Operator: So the next to Chris Carey with Wells Fargo Securities.
Chris Carey: Hi, good morning.
Noel Wallace: Morning.
Chris Carey: I wanted to get a bit more context in North America. You said that you had incurred some extra manufacturing costs in the quarter. I think you just noted there were efficiencies with contract manufacturers, but the comment was in the prepared remarks, I believe to improve the long-term profitability of that business. And I was wondering if you could just expand on that. Do you think a lack of scale or efficiency or something else in the manufacturing base has been a cause of the margin compression in that business, and if they have opportunities to offset that? Am I reading that wrong? I guess just overall in the context of the pressure on margins and the commentary around some of the actions you're taking above, a bit more perspective.
Noel Wallace: Sure.
Chris Carey: So thanks so much.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Yeah, let me jump into that in a little bit more detail. Obviously, it was somewhat of a perfect storm in the third quarter for us as we looked at the business in North America, significant inflation in raw materials, obviously, that came through in the quarter. Logistics was probably the most significant headwind we had in the last couple of months versus where we were previously. Obviously, you're not -- you're clearly aware of the logistics industry and whatever -- what's going on. Tighter capacity, tighter labor, higher costs obviously, which have obviously fueled significant increases in rates internally within North America, not to mention the fact that there's a lot of congestion going on, and a lot of delays in getting product to and from where it needs to be. As a result, we've been very focused on working with our retailers to ensure that we can continue to improve upon that. The other areas I mentioned earlier, we have this incredibly efficient global supply chain, but we do source product from different parts of the world. And you've seen obviously ocean freight increases -- increase dramatically over the last 3 months or 4 months. We have not been immune to that North America, quite frankly, brings quite a bit of its product from overseas. While we have very substantial manufacturing presence in North America, we do bring product from overseas, which has obviously been a victim of those price increases we've seen in ocean freights. The other one is we have seen increased demand, particularly in some of our Oral Care products and we want to continue to service that as we always have consistently and reliably to our trade partners. And as a result of that, we made decisions to airfreight product in to ensure that we had sufficient supply for our retailers. That airfreight did not come without a significant cost. We will move through that clearly as we move through this year and into next year and so we'll see those costs come out. And as you alluded to in your question, we did take some important strategic decisions on how we look at our network and our supply chain, both from a contractor standpoint, as well as what we source internally within our facilities. And made some decisions in the quarter, that will allow us to rework some of those contracts, and hopefully drive more profitability in the long term. So overall, we're pleased. Good oral care growth, which is obviously where we want to see that business continue to grow.  The business is looking at, obviously, a pricing environment is becoming more conducive to take pricing historically, which has not been the case. And they're very focused on their new product grids around premium innovation, which is a strong plan for 2022 and a resurgence of focus around Revenue Growth Management, given how important it is that we offset some of that compression we're seeing at the margin line. So overall, we were -- a difficult quarter for North America, but they've got the plans in place. And we think some of the things that we were working through in the quarter will be behind us as we move forward into 2022.
Operator: And we'll go next to Wendy Nicholson with Citi.
Wendy Nicholson: Hi, good morning. You guys have such huge market shares in some of your categories in emerging markets. I wondered if you could take a step back and just comment on what you're seeing. I mean, we don't really have a sense for has consumer behavior changed in some of those markets. Is there a lag effect from COVID, either the consumer stockpile our has their free sensitivity changed just in some of your bigger markets. I figured you guys are a good Company to ask about what you're seeing on the ground, you had 3.5% growth in emerging markets on the volume side, which is good but not great. And I'm just wondering if there's something other than just tough comps, if there's a change in the way consumer shop or how much they have to spend from a high-level big picture perspective? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Let me just address the 3.5% quickly, Wendy. Obviously, that was drawn down by some of the shutdowns we saw across Asia. And the lack of mobility of Southeast Asia, in fact, very little mobility. We saw categories fall off quite dramatically across Southeast Asia and that's certainly had an impact on volume in the quarter. And as you heard John mentioned, if you really want to dimensionalize a lot of the volume softness in the quarter, was liquid hand soap, which was a headwind of 400 basis points in the North America business alone. But let me step back to your broader question on what's going on around the world, coming out of COVID and what we're seeing in terms of category behaviors.  Oral Care was not a COVID beneficiary, and obviously, it was not in the same camp as we saw from some of our personal care businesses which saw significant acceleration in consumption and a more systemic behavior change across the world. Oral care -- as mobility comes back into the market, we continue to see the oral care categories growing, and that's good for us long term, obviously, getting more and more consumers back into stores will allow more consumption, and more category-driven initiatives to take place.  And so we think, over the longer term, we are going to see oral care continue to accelerate. Personal care and homecare were obviously quite significant beneficiaries during COVID. While the liquid hand soap has taken a significant drop-off this year, it still remains above the 2019 levels. And as you rightfully said, we're the number 1 liquid hand soap player certainly in North America and around the world. And that we'll see that behavior, at least, stay with the consumer above the '19 levels, but certainly not anywhere close to where they were in 2020. Hygiene products that we're very focused on in our homecare business, Whether it be dish liquids or floor cleaners, I think we'll continue to see nice growth in those categories. You heard John mentioned the Home Care growth that we've seen as more and more consumers stay home. Obviously, there's more dishes being cleaned and more floor being cleaned and that has allowed that category to continue to be quite robust. But as consumers move back and mobility comes back into markets, are people return to work?  You may see a little bit softness in those longer-term, but overall, we think we're positioned well, particularly in the Oral Care space. If you go to pet food, obviously the significant adoptions that we've seen over the last two years during COVID and the fact that we're now executing much, much better against our strategy. We feel very good about where things are moving there. And there has been a behavior change unquestionably in that category, where consumers have returned to science and nutrition, and very focused on that space which we are obviously very driven by right now.
Operator: [Indiscernible] with Jefferies.
Kevin: Great. Thanks, Good morning, everyone. Question, I want to come back to the pricing strategy and implications on gross margin over the next 12 months. So, specifically with all the pricing that's going into place, you guys have done a fantastic job at funding the growth for decades. My question, is the intention as you sit here today with all the volatility in the environment that you can fully offset the input cost pressure and everything you're dealing with supply chain perspective with pricing and productivity. Is that a realistic ambition? Is that a realistic goal as you're sitting here from a risk management perspective?  Is that something you think you can do, or is the cost, inflation, and supply chain pressures just too great at this point? I'm just trying to get a better understanding of how you guys are thinking about it, how you're pricing, and how you're thinking about productivity. And then if I could just sneak in one related question. A lot of interest around demand elasticity, which has been relatively low, I think, across many categories. just observed and which I understand is going to vary by category, by geography, by channel, just some broader observations there. And Noel, what you're seeing so far with the pricing in place for your business would be helpful. So thank you for all that.
Noel Wallace: Sure [indiscernible] you're obviously watch this closely and price is always been a key driver of our organic growth given how we look at the markets around the world and we've consistently look for quick ways to get pricing in the market and not only to drive category growth, but obviously to protect the margin which ultimately allows us to protect the advertising. It's worth mentioning that obviously on a two-year stack that this was the highest pricing number we've seen in many years for us. Again, I think it reflects a consistent discipline we have across the board of taking pricing quickly in the markets.   You heard me talk a little bit about how we're using data and revenue growth management now to get that information on the ground quickly to the teams, so they can do what they need to do to analyze, to take pricing across the board. But it's not just going to be pricing. We will look at, obviously, premium innovation and getting our mix improved, not only within our portfolios, but channel mix as well. I talked a little bit about the importance of driving pharmacy growth around the world, which is a growth opportunity for the Company, particularly in Oral Care. That typically trades with a much better margin for the Company given the therapeutic profile of those bundles.  We're obviously going to continue to embed significant revenue growth management initiatives all over the world not just in some of the key inflationary markets. And as we talked about earlier, we're deploying some pretty nice strategies around the emerging markets right now to ensure that we get pricing up beyond just list prices. The other piece of this is productivity. Historically, you've seen us do a really good job around funding the growth. This quarter was no exception, adding 220 basis points to the margin line. But we're really dialing that up, not just simply from a cost standpoint, but really looking at efficiencies across the organization. And going into 2022, looking at how we look to find optimized ways to run our business more efficiently, And we'll continue to do that as we historically have done, and find ways to pull costs out of the system. John mentioned it in his commentary, our overheads were actually down very nicely in the quarter on a percent of sales. And again, I think that's part of the cost focus that we have. And looking at our business and making sure that we're finding ways to optimize. So it's going to be a multitude of different things. And we'll continue to see that evolve. It will take some time to be sure. These things don't move in a straight line. We're taking pricing where we can, as quickly as we can. We're obviously watching the competitiveness of the market. But as I mentioned earlier, this is an environment that everyone is facing right now, which tends to allow everyone to find ways to take pricing up in the category.  So we don't feel we will be in an anti-competitive position, but we will be very close to watch that market to ensure that we continue to remain competitive. The other piece of this -- we haven't really mentioned is the advertising. And we continue to focus on being -- building our brands and being competitive in the marketplace. And that is a key driver of the consistent topline growth you're seeing in the Company right now. And we'll continue to do everything we can to protect that advertising line, and obviously working through the middle of the P&L will be critical in that regard.
Operator: For the next [indiscernible] Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: Hey folks, good morning. I guess I want to pick up on Mr. Graham's question around margin progression, but zooming in a bit more just in North America. And if we step back, I know it's a tough year with cost and logistics, etc. But if we step back and just look over the last 5 years, year on track to lost 1300, 1400 basis points of profit margins in North America. I think you're also on track to actually have market share lower than you were five-years ago over that duration.  So Noel can you just give us some context around what's happening with the investment plan in North America with tech and lose strategy there. And do you think you've got the right investment posture, the right innovation plan to compete effectively in the market? Is this just a low point on margins? Can we bounce back from here as a slick during point just any context you can give us around the profitability in the performance in that market. Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Thanks, Jason. So we talked about Oral Care, obviously a big focus for us in the North American business. That was strong again in the quarter up mid single-digits. I won't repeat what I talked about in terms of share growth, particularly last 13 weeks. We are more competitive in the U.S. market. We were not competitive in the first half. We've dialed up our competitiveness and we're seeing the benefits of that translate into better share progression, particularly across some of our premium bundles. We continue to support the business quite well. We think we're in a good place where we need to be, but obviously as any marketer would say, more support is always better. We're looking for increased efficiencies in that business as we move forward in order to accelerate gross margins. As I mentioned earlier, North America was disproportionately hit with raw material, inflation, logistics, and we took decisions very deliberately in the quarter to address demand that obviously had an effect in that quarter. So we anticipate that we'll start to come out as we move through the fourth quarter and certainly as we move into the first half of 2022. That being said, the raw material environment continues to be very volatile and unpredictable. And we'll take the decisions that we need to take to remain competitive. We are very focused on growing the North America business. It is a priority for the Company. We are ensuring that we give them what they need in order to address the challenges and the competitiveness of that marketplace, and we expect that we'll continue to see good gross margin expansion over time. I do think this is a low for us, but I say that in the context of an environment that's quite unpredictable. But given what we saw go through in the third quarter, we anticipate that things will get better as we move forward.
Operator: Next to Kamil Jagrulla with Credit Suisse.
Kamil Jagrulla : Thank you, good morning everybody. I'll follow-up a little bit on the second question on price elasticity. And maybe just linked to price elasticity if you could also just maybe comment on the consumer condition, various areas around -- around the world.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Listen, we've historically led pricing in so many of our markets. And in the emerging markets, you tend to see a little bit more elasticity early on, but we are focused on ensuring that our innovation process is across multiple price tiers. And so when you combine pricing with innovation at the same time, we find that we can rebuild consumption quite quickly. Elasticity tends to dissipate over time certainly as we get the new innovation in the market and communicate that. So we're quite confident in where we are in emerging markets. Developed markets tend to be a little bit more difficult. Historically taking pricing in Europe and North America has been a challenge. We have certainly shifted a lot of our focus to now relaunching brands, relaunching the core, bringing more premium innovation in the market in order to drive pricing and typically then as you bring value-added consumer oriented benefits to the category, you can take pricing and therefore the elasticity is in its dramatics. So we will see it over time. I think there is everyone is raising pricing fundamentally in the categories that we compete in. That tends to reduce the elasticity as well. One might ask, where Is private label in this environment? Private label shares were down in every single category in which we compete fundamentally so the news is, big brands are winning and I think as long as you bring good quality innovation, you continue to support that innovation with good content that's personalized and targeted, we think we can offset some of the elasticity. But that being said, the raw material environment is significant and pricing will be significant over the next few quarters in order to offset that moving forward But we want to do that to make sure we protect our advertising line.
Operator: The next to Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank.
Steve Powers: Hey, thanks, and good morning. Noel --
Noel Wallace: Hey, Steve.
Steve Powers: -- I guess maybe to summarize a lot of what we've talked about so far and just try to cut through the -- some of the noise around manufacturing, closings, and mobility restrictions, and bottle supply chain, bottlenecks, etc. I guess I'm trying to get a better sense for how you're seeing Colgate's momentum trending, particularly on the oral home and personal care businesses. As I look at it, I think I see directional improvements. They are evident this quarter, sequentially, but at the same time, in most regions, I think overall performance came in lighter than many of us had hoped on the outside. So again, can you maybe just summarize the sequential momentum as you see it on a global basis, maybe how you expect things to progress in fourth quarter X Hill's, and what the early setup is heading into the new fiscal year in terms of building that momentum further r? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Yes, Steve. We're very pleased with momentum. I mentioned in my comments, up sequentially or 2-year stack on volume and pricing in this environment, we think is a terrific result driven by our core focus areas, which is Oral Care and Pet Nutrition. Oral Care continues to drive good sequential growth quarter-to-quarter, we talked about at mid singles in the quarter, high singles on the year. Obviously, the pet nutrition business in double-digits, comping double-digit. So again, I think some terrific progress there. Personal care significantly impacted by COVID driven categories.  And liquid hand soap, which is a very big business for us in North America and around the world, obviously, we saw a significant fall-off in the category. The category was down 28%, to give you some context on that, and as John mentioned, that was a 400 basis point headwind. So some of the COVID categories were certainly stabilized as we moved forward and we lap those moving into 2022. But the essence of your question is, where are we with the momentum on Oil-Chem? We feel good about it. We feel good about our 22 plans. We feel good about the pricing we're taking. We feel good about the segments we're competing in.  We feel good about the channel strategy that we've had where we're growing share in the fastest growth channels which are typically e-commerce discounters and pharmacy. And the strategies that were put in place in the portfolio execution of that is delivering against it. So we feel, overall, we're pleased with the underlying momentum on Oral Care, Personal Care as we lapped some of the COVID will improve moving forward. We had some good discussions particularly in North America and Europe around some of the innovation that we need to continue to drive it.  Our market share, interesting now, just as a data point on market share on liquid hand soap in the U.S. was actually up two points in the quarter given the fact that it was still down 400 basis points versus where it was last year on a volume standpoint. So again, we think we're taking the right decisions on portfolio and innovation in order to drive share and continue to recover some of the softness that we saw that was temporarily driven by the COVID expansion last year.
Operator: We'll go next to Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Noel Wallace: Hi, Lauren. I think you're on mute.
Operator: At this time there is no response so next to Brian Moynihan with Bank of America.
Brian Moynihan: Hi, good morning and thank you for taking the question.
Noel Wallace: Hi, Brian.
Brian Moynihan: I wanted to ask just a question around free cash flow and want to understand if -- with the inflation and just all of the noise, I guess, in supply chain, if it's having an effect at all on free cash conversion? And I ask because last year, you over-delivered relative to the 90% conversion target. Looks like this year, at least year-to-date, running a little bit below that. And so really just wanted to understand if there's -- if the effect that it's having on the P&L is also having an effect on free cash flow, and if that's something we should consider as we're looking into '22?
Noel Wallace: Yes, I'll throw this to understand. But let me just provide a couple of topline comments. Overall, if you go back historically where we are, it compares quite consistently with our historical numbers, that there were some benefits that we certainly had last year on a comp basis around working capital, but let me turn it over to Stan. Will give you a little bit more color on that, Stan?
Stanley Sutula: Yes. Thanks. We continue to cycle favorable working capital performance versus last year and there's really an anomaly when you look at 2020. First of all, 2020 cash flow, driven by the unique environment, was up significantly. While we're down year-to-year, I think if you look back and compare to '18 and ' 19, you'll see that it's more in -- more in line. Higher raw materials pricing certainly put upward pressure on our inventories. But I think important to note as you mentioned, free cash flow, as you'll see the investment we're making in the business and capex.  So capex up roughly a $120 million, that's really an investment, as Noel talked about earlier, in the long-term help our business and what we're looking to grow. So that investment has an impact on free cash flow. But we think, it's incredibly important for the long term. So you step back and look at cash flow where we are today. We're not concerned about the positioning. We think we are confident in our ability to generate that cash. We're confident in our ability to invest in the future of the Company through capex, so we're comfortable with the current positioning on free cash flow.
Noel Wallace: Yeah, I would only add that particularly around capex which has been quite consistent for us over the years, We found -- we see ourselves with some real opportunities to invest in growth areas of the business. And that's certainly what is elevated the capex in the quarter which we think only good news for the long term.
Operator: We'll go next to Javier Escalante with Evercore.
Javier Escalante: Hi, good morning, everyone. And another question on pricing, so basically we heard from both your competitors, Proctor and Unilever taking pricing either in Q3 or announcing price increases, but if you could talk about the big local players that China, in India, is there something in the supply chain that is different that they can drag on pricing? Is this a concern? And this is something that contributed to the weakness in Q3 both in China and India, that will be very helpful. Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Sure, Javier. Thanks. I think the answer is everyone is -- no one is immune to the inflation that we're seeing across the market, both from a raw material standpoint or from a logistics standpoint. Obviously, they may have had different constituents. They look at their business differently than public companies or big multinational companies. But in any case, no one is immune to it. And XIVE had discussions and been able to get out and travel a bit and talk to retailers.  I mean, retailers are recognizing even on their own private label brands, they are going to have to take pricing to offset the significant inflation that's being absorbed in the market right now. So I expect that you'll see all boats rise, so to speak. In this environment, that pricing will go up. There will be certainly some delay with local players as they tend to try to search out a bit more volume as the big players take pricing. But again, I think if you can combine the pricing with the right innovation, which we're very focused on delivering, and adding value to the consumer, the local brands have to react to that in some form or fashion, either with their own innovation or with their own price increases in order to stay competitive from a support standpoint.  So I don't anticipate it's going to be a significant issue, Javier, you know, our business. It's really well, you know, that we innovate across all price points and we have significant focus. It's very deliberate in markets, and looking at shares, and our innovation process across each of the key price segments that we compete in. And that will certainly be the case as we move forward.
Operator: To Mark Astrachan with Stifel.
Mark Astrachan: Thanks and good morning, everybody. Wanted to ask just specifically on the ad spend. Are you guys getting the right returns on the absolute dollars that you're spending? If you take a look at that category, that column, the increase is somewhere north of 200 basis points over the last few years as a percentage of sales. Obviously, there's a lot of discussions on the call talking about market share challenges, Oral Care, household prior to the pandemic. Just maybe holistically kind of talk about how you think about that.  Does that number needs to move higher from here? Can it stay the same, but can you kind of work in a different way? And then how does that all kind of tie into market share and profitable growth for the business going forward. Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Well, listen. Let's step back and look at what's happened over the last two years. And I think it's very clear that we have re-accelerated the topline of the Company. And that has been a core focus for everyone in the organization. It's just growth mindset that talks about elevating our core, our adjancencies, and faster growth channels and doing that across all categories and all geographies. And if you take a basis of two years ago, that's exactly what we were delivering against right now. The investment we believe is fueling that growth. Obviously the strategies, and the execution are big part of it, but we feel very strongly that the acceleration that we've had in investment, both on the oral care side, as well as the nutrition side, have clearly delivered top-line growth. Now we would like to see it reflected in some of the Nielsen based share readings. But the market is very complex now. The go-to-market strategies in the path to purchase for consumers is much more complex than it ever was in the past, and consumers moving between channels, and obviously the emergence of our [Indiscernible] which is quite significant. And in some markets like China has become a very significant part of the category. And we're seeing very strong [Indiscernible] there. Overall, we feel the top-lines moving in the right direction. The investment is supporting that. That being said, we are very focused on making sure that we deliver ROI against every dollar in the P&L. And we have brought in resources from the outside and amplified our capacity around the world, working with WPP, our partner, to get much more granular and much more analytical about how we're investing, particularly our digital spend to make sure it's targeted and we're getting ROI for that spend and we're getting much, much better at that. So as we look at our advertising, will continue to be competitive in terms of what's needed in the marketplace, continue to ensure the health of our brands are protected. But we're very focused from a productivity and efficiency's standpoint looking at that bucket as spend, and making it work harder for us. And that's exactly what we'll expect to see in 2022 as well.
Operator: Our last question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Noel Wallace: Hey, Lauren.
Lauren Lieberman: So, can you hear me this time?
Noel Wallace: Yes, I can. We can hear you just fine.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay, cool, because I don't what happened. I just was curious about Mexico, which is it was kind of called out in the context of Latin America and shares being a little softer. So I just wanted a little bit of detail on that. Thanks so much. I know this has gone on for a long time.
Noel Wallace: No. Mexico, again, high single-digit performance in the quarter. And obviously a difficult environment, particularly given the aggressive pricing that we've been taking in the marketplace. And that pricing certainly had a little bit of impact on volume shares in the quarter. But nothing that's terribly concerning to us. It's what we consider not real profitable volume, given that we're losing to the lower end of the market. Some of our competitors have been highly aggressive with their promotional -- there promotional levels and we've decided to protect the margin in the P&L, and continue to invest in building the brand. Interesting if you look at some of our equity measures in that marketplace, particularly given that we focus now on really supporting the equity as well as innovation. I was -- attended their budget review just recently and they look terrific. Again, I think -- we feel like we've got a very strong position in that market. We sacrificed a little bit of the promotional share, but that is not unusual when we take pricing and lead the market and will continue to ramp up innovation and ensure that we remain competitive, but nothing to be concerned of. Brazil, likewise, which you didn't ask about, but I'll mention that shares are flat there and doing very, very well, particularly as we see great growth in the pharmacy channel. So the balance of our portfolio has gotten much more therapeutic, which is obviously more profitable for us in the long term. So we're pleased with some of our 2 big markets. And you heard John mentioned Colombia is back on track given the political disruptions we saw last quarter and driving some nice growth for us. Across Latin America, good. Not concerned about Mexico at this point.
Operator: And at this time, there are no further questions. And this does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-30 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company's Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgatepalmolive.com. Now for opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to Chief Investor Relations Officer, John Faucher. Please go ahead, John.
John Faucher: Thanks, Heidi. Good morning and welcome to our 2021 second quarter earnings release conference call. This is John Faucher, Chief Investor Relations Officer. Today's conference call will include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from these statements. Please refer to the earnings press release and our most recent filings with the SEC, including our 2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings all available on Colgate's website, for a discussion of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these statements. This conference call will also include a discussion of non-GAAP financial measures, including those identified in tables 8 and 9 six of the earnings press release. A full reconciliation to the corresponding GAAP financial measures is included in the earnings press release and is available on Colgate's website. Joining me on the call this morning are Noel Wallace, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Stan Sutula, Chief Financial Officer. I will provide commentary on our Q2 performance as well as our latest thoughts on 2021 guidance before turning it over to Noel to provide his thoughts on the current operating environment and how we will continue to deliver on our growth trajectory. We will then open it up for Q&A. As usual, we request that you limit yourself to one question so that as many people as possible get to ask a question. If you have further questions, you are welcome to re-enter the queue. As we report results at the halfway point in 2021, we remain pleased, but not satisfied with our performance so far as we navigate through what can charitably be described as a complicated year. For both the second quarter and on a year-to-date basis, we delivered growth in organic sales, net sales, operating profit and net income. This is despite difficult comparisons, as we lack last year's strengthen in categories like liquid hand soap and dish soap. We are also dealing with the impact of COVID restrictions in several markets, economic and political uncertainty, strong competitive activity, and of course, significantly heightened raw material and logistics headwinds. We expect that all of these factors will continue to impact our business through the second half of this year. Because of that, we remain focused on delivering impactful innovation, leveraging our revenue growth management capabilities to deliver on pricing, and driving productivity up and down the income statement. All of these are crucial to deliver long-term sustainable growth. They will help us as we look to deliver TSR at the high-end of our peer group. We delivered 5% organic sales growth in the second quarter, which marked our 10th consecutive quarter delivering organic sales growth either in or above our targeted range of 3% to 5%. As we have discussed before, the key to delivering against our long-term target is delivering balanced growth, which we did once again in the quarter by delivering both volume and pricing growth. We delivered growth in both developed markets with 3% organic sales growth and emerging markets, which delivered 7% organic sales growth. We delivered organic sales growth in every division, but North America. Our largest category, Oral Care, delivered organic sales growth of nearly 10% with organic sales growth across toothpaste, manual toothbrushes and electric toothbrushes and organic sales growth in every division. Innovation continues to be a vital contributor to our Oral Care business as we benefit from new products across all of our divisions. Products like CO. by Colgate, Colgate Elixir toothpaste, and Colgate enzyme whitening toothpaste are all delivering consumer desired benefits and premiumizing our portfolio. Pet nutrition delivered organic sales growth of 15%. Personal Care and Home Care declined on an organic sales basis year-over-year in the quarter as expected, but net sales remain above 2019 levels. Net sales increased 9.5% in the quarter, which was our highest net sales increase in almost 10 years. Foreign exchange was a 4.5% benefit to net sales as we lapped the peak of last year's COVID driven strength in the dollar. After strong gross margin performance in 2020 and in Q1, our gross margin declined in the second quarter due to the rapid acceleration of raw material costs across our business and the lapping of lower promotional levels in Q2 2020. We took additional pricing in the second quarter which will help offset raw material costs in the second half of the year, and we will continue to layer in additional pricing were possible. We expect raw material costs to remain elevated throughout 2021. But we do expect some sequential lessening of inflation as we get into the fourth quarter. Our efforts on premiumization and pricing along with our focus on productivity, like our funding the growth initiatives, will also help us as we look to improve our gross margin performance. In the second quarter, our gross profit margin was 60.0%, which was down 80 basis points year-over-year on both the GAAP basis and the Base Business basis. Year-to-date, our gross margin is 60.4%, down 10 basis points. Again, that is on a GAAP and Base Business basis. For the second quarter, pricing was 90 basis points favorable to gross margin, less than in the first quarter as we lapped lower promotional spending in the year-ago period, when many of our markets reacted to COVID restrictions by pulling back on promotional activity. Raw materials were 370 basis point headwind, as we continue to see significant pressure from resins, fats and oils and agriculture-related costs and many other materials. This includes a slightly favorable transactional impact from foreign exchange. Productivity was a 200 basis point benefit. Our SG&A was up 100 basis points as a percent of sales for the second quarter on both a GAAP and Base Business basis. This was primarily driven by an increase in logistics costs, and also by a 30 basis point increase in advertising to sales. Excluding advertising and logistics, our SG&A ratio declined year-over-year as our net sales growth and savings programs drove leverage on our overheads. For the second quarter on a GAAP basis, our operating profit was up 5.5% year-over-year, while it was up 2.5% on a Base Business basis. Our EPS was up 12% on a GAAP basis, and up 8% on a Base Business basis. Our free cash flow was down year-over-year in the quarter as we continue to lap very strong working capital performance in the year-ago period. As we discussed previously, our capital expenditures are also up year-over-year as we invest behind growth, productivity and our sustainability strategy. A few comments on divisional performance. North America net sales declined 4% in the second quarter, with organic sales down 4.5% and a modest benefit from foreign exchange. Volumes were down 8.5% in the quarter, driven by Home Care and Personal Care, which saw strong growth in the year-ago period driven by COVID related demand. Pricing across Home Care and Personal Care was positive as we work to offset higher raw material costs. Oral Care organic sales grew mid single digits driven by innovation and pricing. I mentioned CO. by Colgate before, which is helping us further expand into the beauty and direct-to-consumer channels. We are pleased with the initial performance of the Colgate Keep manual toothbrush. It comes with an aluminum handle and by using our replaceable heads, consumers can use 80% less plastic compared to similarly sized Colgate toothbrushes. We're also excited about our Tom's of Maine relaunch, which is bringing new graphics and advertising to a historic natural segment brand. Our logistics issues that we discussed on the first quarter call continued to negatively impact our promotional timing, but service levels have improved and we expect our promotional cadence will normalize as we go through the third quarter. Latin American net sales were up 12.5% with 8.5% organic sales growth and a 400 basis point benefit from foreign exchange. All three categories delivered organic sales growth in the quarter with Oral Care organic sales growth in the high teens. Brazil and Mexico both grew organic and net sales double digits in the quarter. Our strong innovation performance was led by core innovation behind Colgate Total Reinforced Gums in Mexico, which apparently sounds much better in Spanish and Portuguese than English, and several charcoal variants in Brazil. Volume of plus 2.5% in the quarter, despite a sizable negative impact due to political unrest in Colombia, our third largest market in Latin America. We believe this disruption which negatively impacted our distribution network for some time is largely behind us. But political disruption will remain a risk not just in Colombia, but in several markets. Pricing was up 6% despite lapping lower promotional spending in Q2 2020 as well as some incremental pricing in the year-ago period as we look to offset foreign exchange. Europe net sales grew 15% in the quarter. Organic sales grew 5% driven by mid teens growth in Oral Care, offset by declines in Personal and Home Care as we lap COVID related demand in the year-ago period. Volume grew 7% in the quarter offset by a 2% decline in pricing as we lapped lower promotions in the year-ago period as store traffic declined in Q2 2020 due to COVID restrictions. I mentioned Colgate Elixir toothpaste before and we're very excited about this truly differentiated product. We designed it with more of a beauty aesthetic, including skincare inspired ingredients, a unique clear recyclable bottle and liquid glide technology that allows the pace to leave the bottle leaving no messy tube or cap. This product began rolling out across the division in Q2 with further launches this quarter. We delivered 7.5% net sales and 1% organic sales growth in Asia Pacific this quarter, with organic growth in Oral Care partially offset by a decline in Home Care. Volume growth of 3.5% was partially offset by negative pricing as we cycled lower promotional levels in the year-ago period given COVID related lockdowns across the region, with the biggest impact coming on our South Pacific business. We have additional pricing planned in the second half across the division to offset raw material cost inflation. Volume growth was led by India, despite the impact of COVID related disruption in May and Thailand, driven by Naturals innovation in the Colgate Vedshakti and Colgate Panjaved line as we lapped COVID related disruptions in the year-ago period. Our volume in China declined on growth on the Colgate business, which was more than offset by weakness in sales for our Hawley & Hazel joint venture, which is primarily related to inventory reductions in our distributor network. Afro-Eurasia continued its strong performance trends in the third quarter, with net sales growth of 15.5% as we delivered strong organic sales growth throughout the division once again. Volume grew 9.5% in the quarter, while pricing was up 3.5%. Foreign exchange was a 2.5% benefit in the quarter. Oral Care delivered high teens organic sales growth, and we are relaunching several of our natural businesses with new packaging and flavors. Hill's strong growth continued in the second quarter with 18% net sales growth and 15% organic sales growth. Both developed and emerging markets delivered 10% volume growth as our increased investment around the globe is driving this highly differentiated brands. In particular, we are seeing good results from our Hill's Master brand campaign to end Pet obesity as well as our new campaign for Hill's Pet Essentials, our vet distributed wellness product in Europe. And now for guidance. We still expect organic sales growth to be within our 3% to 5% long-term target range. There was no meaningful change in our category expectations at this point. The categories that benefited from COVID related demand are behaving in line with our expectations with sales below 2020 levels, but ahead of 2019 levels. Please note that given widespread COVID outbreaks in many of our markets, we could still see an impact from government actions to stem the spread of COVID and other disruptions related to COVID and this is not in our guidance. Using current spot rates, we expect foreign exchange to be a low single-digit benefit for the year, although slightly less favorable than when we gave guidance in April. All-in, we still expect net sales to be up 4% to 7%. We have reduced our gross margin guidance for the year, and we now expect gross margin to be down year-over-year for the full year on both a GAAP and Base Business basis, given the additional cost inflation we have seen. We expect the gross margin percentage to improve sequentially in the second half, which would leave us down modestly for the year. As I mentioned above, we're taking many steps to mitigate the impact of these costs, including additional pricing, optimizing trade spending, accelerating FTG where available and many others. Advertising is still expected to be up on both $1 and a percent of sales basis. Logistics will continue to be a headwind, as costs also have risen faster than anticipated, particularly in the U.S. We still expect these costs to moderate somewhat as we go through the balance of the year. Our tax rate is now expected to be between 23% and 24% for the year on both a GAAP and Base Business basis. On a GAAP basis, we still expect earnings per share growth in the low to mid single digits, but most likely towards the lower end of that range. On a Base Business basis, we continue to expect earnings per share growth in the mid to high single digits. Again, we would expect to land at the lower end of that range. And with that, I'll turn it over to Noel.
Noel Wallace: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. Hope you're all safe and well this morning. So the overriding message I want to leave with you today is that our strategy to reaccelerate profitable growth by focusing on our core adjacencies all over the world, new channels and markets is really working. As we'd like to say nothing moves in a straight line, but we now have 10 straight quarters of organic sales growth at or above our long-term target range. Year-to-date, we're at the high-end of the range despite difficult comparisons, and continued volatility in the business. We're making good progress on our journey, but we still have more work to do. And as I look back at my comments to you over the past 18 months that we've been dealing with the implications of COVID, there's one consistent theme that we keep coming back to, managing through this crisis with an eye on the future. This is still the appropriate theme, although obviously, some of the elements have changed. The prevalence of the vaccine in many developed markets gives us a sense of guarded optimism. But we've highlighted that many emerging markets which represent almost half of our revenues, the availability of the vaccine remains a very -- remains very low. Case rates are high, and governments continue to put in restrictions to help stop the spread of the virus. We remain hopeful that we will get to a post-COVID sooner rather than later, but we're not there yet. We will continue to manage to the retail and supply chain disruptions, changes in consumer behavior and government actions to stem the spread of the virus, all while doing our best to protect the health and safety of our employees, which remains our number one priority. But there are changing headwinds as well. Last year, we were faced with adverse foreign exchange movements, heightened consumer and customer demand, supply chain volatility, and uncertainty for our customers about changing business models and retail environments. This year, we're faced with unprecedented cost increases raw materials like resin, fats and oils and many others. Logistic networks are taxed, whether it's the trucking and warehousing here in the U.S., or ocean freight coming from Asia to the rest of the world. And we're seeing some political disruption in markets like Colombia and Myanmar. So 18 months into the COVID, many of the challenges are the same. Some have changed, but our approach remains we will manage through the crisis with an eye on the future. And so far, we feel we've done a pretty good job. But we know the markets look forward at our potential not backwards at our achievements. We know that to deliver top tier TSR we need to balance this organic sales growth with volume and pricing, all four of our categories and across all of our divisions. We've talked to you a lot about our changes in strategy that will enable us to continue delivering this balanced growth. First is our focus on breakthrough and transformational innovation. John discussed many of these in his commentary, and this improved innovation is a direct result of the changes that Pat and I discussed during our CAGNY presentation. Our emphasis is on faster growing channels and markets continues to pay off to growth in e-commerce, direct-to-consumer, discounters, club stores and pharmacies. We are taking formerly regional brands like Tom's of Maine, Hello, Elmex and Meridol and launching them in select markets and channels to take the advantage of their strong brand equities, and ongoing consumer trends. We're supporting these efforts with increased focus on our digital media and emerging data and analytical capabilities. But we have to deliver gross margin expansion to fund our brand investment. While we know it -- while we now expect gross margin could be down modestly for 2021, it comes on the heels of strong gross margin expansion in 2020 and in the face of unprecedented increases in raw material prices. We will continue to leverage our robust revenue growth management program and drive productivity so we can return to gross margin expansion. We have made progress in our journey to improve our mix, but we have further upside potential on this given the benefits we provide to consumers and the fact that our brands under indexing pricing relative to the category across many geographies. We're working to accelerate our productivity programs like funding the growth wherever possible to try and create additional offsets. All this should help us in our drive to return to gross margin expansion. And while the raw material inflation is obviously negatively impacting our gross margin performance this year, we're optimistic that this raw material inflation could drive an improvement in emerging market fundamentals. Again, we need to first get through the difficulty surrounding COVID that on the back of our continued rebound in emerging market organic sales growth, particularly in Latin America, we have some optimism that we could choose some additional GDP growth and therefore higher category growth on the back end of this movement in commodities. We have seen some of the emerging market currency stabilize for the first time in what seems like several years, and they're optimistic this may be a first step. And since our last call, we have released our 2025 sustainability strategy. This comprehensive plan highlights the actions we're taking around climate, plastics, sourcing, diversity, equity and inclusion and all the other areas that are vital to the future not only of our company, but our communities and our planet. And with that, I'll open it up to your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Peter Grom with UBS.
Peter Grom: Hey, good morning, everyone. So I just wanted to ask around Latin America in the quarter. I know it's not all the same category and country exposure. But the read through from a lot of other companies that have reported thus far was that the region was really strong with most seeing better performance sequentially. So I know you mentioned Columbia, so is there any way to quantify how much of a headwind you think the disruptions they're causing the quarter? And then maybe just more broadly, can you provide an update on your performance versus the category in the region? And how you're thinking about growth in the back half of the year, just kind of on the heels of your positive GDP commentary there?
Noel Wallace: Sure. Thanks, Peter. Overall, we're really, really happy with Latin America. You mentioned that, obviously, we saw significant headwinds from the Columbia disruption, which in many respects took almost a month of sales out of that specific country. And despite that, we obviously still delivered very strong top line growth. If you look at our two key markets, Mexico and Brazil, both delivering double-digit growth in the quarter. You've seen now Brazil deliver four consecutive quarters of double-digit growth. So obviously, the market seems to be returning despite the fact that we're definitely not out of the woods relative to COVID. But we think as vaccinations improve, particularly in those markets that will continue to help categories. Categories are up on the year, which is good. Despite the fact that we still see limited mobility, we still see some disruptions in particularly the down trade around how retail environments are behaving. But overall, the categories are up, which is good. We had strong innovation in the quarter. We got some good innovation on our core business Colgate Total, which John mentioned, which is driving good share growth. We resist a little bit of the transactional couponing and deep discount in some of those markets. Overall, we've lost a little bit of promotional share, but our baseline shares look good. And the innovation process plans we have in place for the back half are strong as well. Likewise on pricing, we've always been a strong driver of pricing in those markets. We continue to obviously see a lot of headwinds on commodity prices, particularly on tallow prices coming out of Brazil. And we're ramping up for obviously a strong back half relative to how we see pricing evolving, and obviously continuing to drive the volume in the quarter. So overall, I think we're pleased despite the fact that Columbia was a significant headwind to the quarter. Bear in mind, if you look at the overall of Latin America, that region continues to perform exceptionally well on balance, 10.3 -- 10.6 in the fourth quarter, 9.5 in the first, and 8.5 now. So again, I think despite the headwinds, good consistent growth.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Rob Ottenstein with Evercore.
Rob Ottenstein: Great. Thank you very much. Noel, I'm wondering if you could go around the world and talk a little bit about your actual pricing power. I think we all understand less promos, and that was an effect on the reported pricing in Europe and Asia. Obviously, there's mixed effects. But if we kind of clear through all that, can you talk about actual headline pricing that you got in the quarter or that you expect to get later in the year? And to what extent you're able to do that given disposable income in the various markets and competitive activity. Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Sure, Rob. Thank you. So let me start macro. Obviously, if you look at developing markets versus developed, developing have obviously moved pricing a little faster than the developed world. And when I say developed, I'm referring to Europe and the U.S. We've seen good pricing movements in Latin America, good pricing movements in Africa. And we've seen competition likewise in those regions follows. Similarly, in Asia, John mentioned in the upfront comments that we took some pricing obviously in the fourth -- first quarter. We were lapping promotions from the second quarter last year, although we have pricing planned quite aggressively in the back half across the Asia region. If you take the developed world, U.S has been a little slow in terms of the market. I think everyone is focusing on promotions and couponings to drive pricing. We haven't seen a lot of list price changes in North America yet and I would say that particularly holds true for Europe as well. Our strategy continues to be as we've outlined, very disciplined approach to revenue growth management. We're taking list pricing where we see the opportunity. We're optimizing our promotional spend, we're looking at price tag architecture, we're looking at all the levers within in revenue growth management to drive pricing overall. The other point is, as you've heard, we're very focused on premium innovation. We continue to under index as I've mentioned, and that's a real opportunity for us to drive overall gross margin percent and dollars, as we look at the back half of the year. So I think the headline is pricing, is going to have to come up in the back half. Everyone is faced with the same challenges. And we anticipate that as we move into the back half, we'll see a little bit better environment around developed markets and continue to focus on our revenue growth management discipline across the world to do that with.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Kamil Jagrulla with Credit Suisse.
Kamil Jagrulla: Hi. Thank you. Good morning, everybody. A couple questions on local competition. It wasn't really that long ago we were talking about market share gains from local competition in a very in a variety of your kind of major markets. Can you maybe talk about how that's evolved through the pandemic? What position were in -- you're in now, particularly maybe as it relates to pricing couponing promo right at a time where it's necessary to push the pricing through the market because of inflation?
Noel Wallace: Sure. Kamil, thanks for the question. We talked about, I think, throughout 2020 and perhaps touched on it a bit in the first quarter, the strength of our brands and the efficacy of our brands has certainly brought consumers back into the mainstream, so to speak. I mean, a lot of the local brands relative to the credibility they had in the market, which was questionable, we saw consumers returning to big brands and certainly trusted brands in the market. And that was very prevalent in market and categories, like Personal Care, like Home Care, like pet nutrition as well as Oral Care, quite frankly. And so that certainly has benefited us in terms of how we've seen the categories evolve. And I think that will continues particularly given the overarching issues around COVID around the world, consumers are still looking for big, trusted, efficacious brands. And we expect that to continue as we move through the balance of the year.
John Faucher: Kamil, it's John. If I could add something to that, what I would say is, if you look at the success of the local brands over the last 5 or 6 years, it's been a lot of differentiated benefits. Naturals -- the way Naturals is expressed in a number of different markets, different types of packaging, different media strategies, and mostly at premium prices. So as I think as you look at our innovation strategy that Noel talked about, and you look at the type of innovation we're putting out, whether it's Elixir in Europe, or whether it's a Naturals relaunch in Afro-Eurasia, we have the ability to compete more effectively with some of these local brands, and we can drive that premiumization at the same time.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, good morning, everyone. It's actually [indiscernible] on for Andrea. Thanks for taking the question. So just at a high-level, can you maybe talk a little bit more about some of the specific actions that you plan to take to help reverse some of those share losses, particularly in the U.S., really in the core toothpaste and distribution categories?
Noel Wallace: Sure. Obviously, the North America performance was below our expectations. We had a lot of factors driving that. Obviously, the impact of logistics challenges that we alluded to in the first quarter, we continue to have some case fill [ph] issues in the second quarter, which obviously had an impact on our promotional ability to put promotions in the market and obviously therefore share. We're working those behind us. And as we move into the back half, those will be ideally gone. So we expect some of that to come back. We've pushed a lot of the premiumization. That market has become highly competitive. We saw increased activity in promotion and couponing in the second quarter. We have adjusted our plans for the back half of the year and our guidance reflects those plans for North America. Likewise in the dish business, we saw similar promotional activity, we've adjusted our promotional plans for the back half. So by and large, we saw obviously some logistics challenge and competitive activity. Obviously some of the comparisons that we had last year dealing with elevated categories, obviously softening the dish liquid and the liquid hand soap category in the second quarter, but we anticipate as we move through the back half things will set down, and we have strong innovation and promotion plans to rebuild the North America shares.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Chris Carey with Wells Fargo Securities.
Chris Carey: Hi. Thanks so much for the question. I had a question specifically on China. Im conscious the margins were better in APAC than the rest of the world, but also on a pullback in marketing spending with China declining. Can you just provide any additional perspective on what you're seeing in that market, and maybe by category and the rationale behind the marketing and how you see that going forward? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Sure. So as John alluded to in his comments, we did see some weakness in the China business from our Hawley & Hazel partner that was specifically driven by -- that's a business that heavily driven down trade. We have very strong distribution in CDE cities and as we've seen e-commerce continue to grow, our distributor network has been cautious on managing inventories as we've seen the brick-and-mortar categories, fundamentally flat not growing so far in the first half of the year. As e-commerce will potentially continue to accelerate and those inventories get drawn down, we expect that will sort of through in the back half of the year. Importantly, I think we're seeing terrific growth on our e-commerce business, as we talked about over the last couple quarters. In fact, our Colgate franchise and our Darlie franchise were two of the three fastest growing brands in e-commerce retail environment in the quarter. And obviously up significantly versus where we were in the first quarter from a share standpoint, which is really nice to see. That's driven behind a lot of good premium innovation that we've had in the quarter, the miracle repair continues to do well. We've launched a series of premium Enzyme toothpaste as well. So that continues to perform well. And the advertising is there in the back half to continue to grow that business as we go out the year. So we're comfortable with where we are from an advertising standpoint. Obviously, the comps versus a quarter last year where we had drawn down a bit of our advertising, we saw a little bit of elevation in Asia in the second quarter, but good plans in the back half to continue to drive share.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Mark Astrachan with Stifel.
Chris Armes: Hey, everyone. Good morning. This is actually Chris Armes on for Mark. Just wanted to talk a little bit about Hill's growth, obviously very good. Maybe on the growth, if you could parse out how much is share gains versus just elevated category growth? Can you kind of talk also about growth by geography? And then also the growth from kind of new -- from expansion to new markets versus existing markets? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Sure, Chris. Yes, overall, listen, Hill's had another fantastic quarter, 50% comping, obviously a really strong quarter last year where we did double-digit growth as well. So we're hitting on all cylinders on that business. Growth is across the world. We had all of our regions up with exception of Japan. Market share is up across the board typically and where we're gaining market share is mainly in the U.S., which is our largest market as you know. We saw a good share growth across most retail environments, both on the Base Business, the Science Diet business as well as the Prescription Diet business, that's behind a continued focus on the strategy, which is the core renovation, premium innovation, new channels, in this case continuing to grow online as well as farm and feed. And obviously continuing to see an increase in the Prescription Diet business, which has more and more pet owners return to their vets, we see the benefit of vet coming through as well. So across the board, very strong growth and we continue to obviously invest for growth in that business. And that continues to be the strategy moving into the back half of this year.
Operator: That will conclude our question-and-answer session. At this time, I would like to turn the call back over to our speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
Noel Wallace: Thank you. Obviously, an extremely volatile quarter. But again, I think we're continuing to execute our strategy. As we've talked about, for the last couple years, some real opportunities ahead and some challenges that will face as we have in the past. And so I'd simply want to extend my thanks to all the Colgate people listening for their incredible resilience during these difficult times and look forward to a good back half of the company. Thank you.
Operator: That will conclude today's call. We appreciate your participation.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-30 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgatepalmolive.com. Now for opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to Chief Investor Relations Officer, John Faucher. Please go ahead, John. 
John Faucher: Thanks, Sarah. Good morning and welcome to our 2021 first quarter earnings release conference call. This is John Faucher, Chief Investor Relations Officer. Today's conference call will include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from these statements. Please refer to the earnings press release and our most recent filings with the SEC, including our 2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings all available on Colgate's website, for a discussion of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these statements. This conference call will also include a discussion of non-GAAP financial measures. including those identified in table six of the earnings press release. A full reconciliation to the corresponding GAAP financial measures is included in the earnings press release and is available on Colgate's website. Joining me on the call this morning are Noel Wallace, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Stan Sutula, Chief Financial Officer. I will provide commentary on our Q1 performance as well as our latest thoughts on 2021 guidance before turning it over to Noel to discuss our 2021 priorities. We will then open it up for Q&A. As usual, we request that you limit yourself to one question so that as many people as possible get to ask a question. If you have further questions, you are welcome to re-enter the queue. We started 2021 in positive fashion with strong organic sales growth despite a very difficult comparison, which included some consumer pantry loading in March of last year. Our net sales grew 6% in the quarter. Organic sales growth of 5% was driven by 0.5% organic volume growth and a 4.5% increase in pricing. Foreign exchange was a 1% tailwind in the quarter. While the tough comparisons, particularly, impacted our trends in developed markets, which were flat on an organic sales basis in the quarter, we delivered double-digit organic sales growth in emerging markets with volume up 5.5% and pricing up 6%. We also delivered organic sales growth in three of our four categories: Oral Care, Home Care and Pet Nutrition, while Personal Care organic sales declined due to difficult comparisons. We believe our strategy to deliver more impactful premium innovation, which Noel and Pat Verduin talked about at CAGNY is bearing fruit and we will continue to focus in this area to drive future growth. Our efforts on premiumization and pricing along with our focus on productivity like our funding the growth initiatives drove improvement year-over-year in our gross margin despite a worsening raw materials environment. This gross margin expansion was a key factor in allowing us to deliver base business earnings per share growth in line with our full year guidance despite higher logistics costs, incremental advertising spending and investment to build capabilities. In the first quarter, our gross profit margin was 60.7% on both a GAAP basis where we were up 50 basis points year-over-year and a base business basis where we were up 40 basis points. For the first quarter, pricing was 170 basis points favorable to gross margin, while raw materials were a 310 basis point headwind. This is a large impact for our first quarter and it was driven by increases in the cost of raw materials like resins, fats and oils, agriculture-related costs and the transactional impact from foreign exchange. Productivity was a 180 basis point benefit. Our SG&A was up 90 basis points as a percent of sales for the first quarter on both a GAAP and base business basis. This was primarily driven by a 50 basis point increase in advertising to sales as we drove strong activation on brand building, innovation and e-commerce. Our SG&A ratio was also impacted by increased logistics costs, primarily, in the US and investments behind innovation. Excluding advertising and logistics, our SG&A ratio declined year-over-year. For the first quarter on a GAAP basis, our operating profit was up 5.5% year-over-year, while it was up 5% on a base business basis. Our EPS was down 4% on a GAAP basis and up 7% on a base business basis. Our free cash flow was down year-over-year in the quarter against a very difficult comparison. The decline was primarily driven by the negative impact of accounts payable and other liabilities, which was mostly due to changes in the timing of payables and income tax payments. A few comments on our divisional performance. North America net sales were down 0.5% in Q1 with organic sales down 1.5%, a 50 basis point benefit from the Hello acquisition and a 50 basis point benefit from foreign exchange. Our volume declines in the quarter were primarily due to a combination of category deceleration in the face of difficult comparisons as we cycled last year's COVID pantry loading, logistics issues related to a warehouse transition on our US business that impacted our shelf availability and our market shares and the winter storms in February. The logistics issues lessened over the last month of the quarter as service levels improved, and we expect service levels to return to normal by the end of the second quarter. Pricing grew mid-single digits in the quarter, as our efforts in revenue growth management drove pricing growth across all our categories. The combination of higher raw materials costs, higher underlying logistics costs and costs related to remediating the company's specific logistics issues, pressured margins in the North America division. Despite these headwinds, we continue to invest in advertising, particularly behind premium innovation like Colgate Renewal and the Colgate Optic White Overnight Teeth Whitening Pen and behind the continued strength of Colgate Optic White Renewal. Latin America net sales were up 2%, as 9.5% organic sales growth was mostly offset by the negative impact of foreign exchange. We continue to deliver broad-based organic sales growth in Latin America with organic sales growth in all three categories and in every hub. As we highlighted at CAGNY, our innovation in Latin America is driving growth in the premium segment of the toothpaste category. In Brazil, Colgate Total is gaining share behind Colgate Total anti-tartar and our natural extracts line is gaining share particularly behind Charcoal. Our toothpaste value share is flat year-to-date in Brazil in measured channels and is up year-over-year in e-coms. Europe net sales grew 6% in the quarter. Organic sales were down 2%. Volume declined 3.5% in the quarter, as we lapped strong shipments in the year ago period, which was driven by COVID-related demand in pantry loading. Pricing was plus 1.5%, as we took pricing across all categories to help offset raw material inflation. We're launching equity campaigns across our core Oral Care equity, Colgate, meridol, and elmex and we're excited about the launch of Sanex microbiome, which Pat talked about at CAGNY. We delivered 16.5% net sales and 11% organic sales growth in Asia Pacific led by volume growth across our biggest markets, Greater China, India and the Philippines. While China and India benefited from comparisons that included COVID-related shutdowns in 2020, our innovation continues to drive improved underlying performance, particularly in e-commerce. Over the next several quarters we will begin to roll out more premium innovation in brick-and-mortar in China, like our Colgate enzyme whitening toothpaste, leveraging the success we have had online in transforming our portfolio. Africa/Euroasia net sales grew 8.5%, as we delivered strong organic sales growth throughout the division. Volume grew 5% in the quarter, while pricing was up 8%. Foreign exchange was a 4.5% headwind. This growth was led by our toothpaste and manual toothbrush businesses, although we also delivered organic sales growth in Personal and Home Care. Our business in Turkey delivered strong sales and market share performance and launched significant premium innovation in naturals, charcoal and white. Phil started the year with another quarter of strong net sales and organic sales growth, despite lapping significant growth in the year ago period. Developed markets led the growth, particularly the US, Canada and Europe, led by e-commerce. Emerging markets grew organic sales greater than 20% in the quarter through a combination of volume and pricing growth. We're very excited about our Hill's equity campaign addressing pet obesity. This global campaign is leveraging digital, in-store, in-office and traditional media assets to drive growth in our weight control products across both our prescription and wellness businesses. And now for guidance. We still expect organic sales growth to be within our 3% to 5% long-term target range. As we think about our current organic growth assumptions versus where we were three months ago, we're probably a little more cautious on developed markets. As you have seen from the scanner data, our categories moved negative more quickly than we had anticipated and we expect that to continue in the short term. Hopefully, this allows for some of the volatility to play itself out sooner in the year and we will see trends stabilize more quickly. Coming into this year in categories where consumption rose last year due to COVID, we expected 2021 consumption levels to be below 2020, but above the levels we saw in 2019. That is the case so far across our developed markets businesses, although year-to-date these categories are slightly weaker than expected. Categories like toothpaste, where usage did not spike in relation to COVID, should normalize more quickly, as we move past some of the aggressive pantry loading in March and April of last year, and we're beginning to see that happen and scale has returned to growth in the last several weeks. We are encouraged by how we started the year in emerging markets. We saw broad-based organic sales growth in our emerging markets across all the divisions and with a good balance of volume and pricing. Comps will get more difficult as we go through the year, but we believe we have solid momentum. Please note that given widespread COVID outbreaks in countries like Brazil, Mexico, and India, we could still see an impact from government actions to stem the spread at COVID and other disruptions related to COVID and this is not in our guidance. Using current spot rates, we expect foreign exchange to be a low-single-digit benefit for the year, although slightly less favorable than when we gave guidance in January. All in, we still expect net sales to be up 4% to 7%. Our gross margin guidance remains unchanged, as we expect our gross profit margin to be up year-over-year in 2021, on both the GAAP and base business basis. As we mentioned on our 2020 year-end call, raw materials began the year moving higher and faster than we had expected. This trajectory has continued through the first quarter as you all know. We are still laser-focused on driving our gross margin higher, but the significant increase in costs across our materials base obviously requires additional pricing and productivity. Advertising is still expected to be up on both a dollar and a percent of sales basis. Logistics also continues to be a headwind, particularly in the US, where costs also have risen faster than anticipated. We expect these costs to remain elevated in the near term but to moderate later in the year. Our tax rate is expected to be between 23.5% and 24.5%. We point out that our guidance does not account for any changes in US corporate tax rates, given the recent change in administration. On a GAAP basis we still expect earnings per share growth in the low to mid-single-digits. On a base business basis, we continue to expect earnings per share growth in the mid-to high-single-digits. The adverse moves in foreign exchange and raw materials have moved us slightly lower in that range over the past few months, but it is still early in the year. And with that, I'll turn it over to Noel.
Noel Wallace: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. I'll keep my commentary brief since we've -- so we have plenty of time for the Q&A. I think the results for the quarter really speak for themselves. Obviously we're really pleased with our performance in the first quarter. Despite the significant volatility in headwinds, we delivered strong results around the world and up and down our P&L. While we've made progress in our strategic areas we've been discussing, we still have a lot to do in the balance of the year. Here are our key priorities for the remainder of 2021: Continue to drive broad-based growth. Our priorities here are the same as we've discussed for the past several years. We need to grow volume and pricing. We need organic sales growth in every category and in every division in both emerging and developed markets. In order to do this, we'll continue to ramp up our breakthrough and transformational premium innovation. We delivered high-single-digit growth in toothpaste in the first quarter, despite lapping solid growth in the year-ago period, which helped us drive high-single-digit growth in our Oral Care business. We're driving growth through innovation like Colgate Renewal in the US, Colgate Enzyme Whitening toothpaste in China and our natural extracts line and Colgate Total Anti-Tartar Line in Latin America. As Pat and I discussed at CAGNY, this is a marathon not a sprint, but we're making good progress, which will continue as we shift our resources, continue to build new skills and even adapt how we motivate our teams. Pricing is also an important element of growth. And behind our revenue growth management efforts, we continue to drive strong pricing as we look to increase our price index versus the market as well as offsetting rising costs. You're hearing about rising costs from every company this quarter and we're seeing inflation on pretty much every line of the P&L, but especially raw materials, warehousing and logistics. Naturally our pricing plans are focused. We just discussed, we're battling the cost inflation across the board. We are also driving savings through funding the growth and other efficiency initiatives, which helped to offset these headwinds an effort, Stan, our new CFO, is spearheading for us. We do not expect these headwinds to abate anytime soon, so we have to continue to invest in marketing and building capabilities for future growth while delivering on our earnings guidance. We know we need to be disciplined and efficient in this area. The third is maintaining our focus on building out the key pillars of our long-term strategy while simultaneously managing through all of the volatility. That includes building our capabilities on innovation, e-commerce, digital and data and analytics, progressing on ESG, including increasing our commitments on DE&I and advancing our 2025 sustainability targets, and then ultimately navigating to return to work for most of our office-based employees. We are building a team and a culture at Colgate that is focused on adapting and changing to this volatile world. We're embracing new strategies and new ways of working and it's paying off. We've had a good start to 2021 and we're looking to maintain our momentum through the rest of the year. So with that, why don't we open it up to questions?
Operator: All right. Thank you so much. Todays question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically for the telephone audience. [Operator Instructions] Okay. We will take the first question from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.
Dara Mohsenian: Hey, good morning guys.
Noel Wallace: Hi, Dara.
Dara Mohsenian: So can you give us an update on category growth rates in some of your key emerging markets as we cycle COVID? Obviously, there's a lot of volatility short-term but I'm thinking more looking out longer-term, just an update here on volume growth and per capita consumption development opportunity going forward as well as any thoughts on pricing mix and trade-up potential? Has anything changed here longer-term more structurally as we think about the consumer? And what are your strategy adjustments? And, obviously, it won't be a monolithic answer. So maybe you can compare and contrast some of the different emerging markets? And how that might be different? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Yeah. Thanks Dara. If you go back, obviously, it depends on the geography. And what we've talked about consistently I think is the volatility that we're seeing all over the world and highly dependent on how countries have treated and dealt with COVID and the rate of incidents in those countries. Obviously if you start with Asia, the categories are coming back, although still not back to where we were pre-COVID due to some of the store closures that we continue to see across Asia, particularly China and Southeast Asia coming back in terms of a category development standpoint. And that's based on the fact that particularly in China, you see the COVID issues being put to rest and consumers returning to some level of normality. Thailand continues to be a challenge. You've heard I think consistently from others that that market highly dependent on tourism, so it's impacted that category. India, we won't talk a lot about India as we haven't announced yet, but suffice it to say that they had easy comps from last year from a category standpoint but you're starting to see those numbers come back quite nicely. Moving on to Latin America. Again surprisingly, we've seen a very resilient Latin America particularly our business there. In terms of where we see the categories playing out, toothpaste is starting to come back although it started off quite slowly but we've seen particularly in the recent readings, the category returning to growth, which is good. Africa continues I think to perform okay. I think Africa is a real uncertain environment right now relative to the rate of vaccinations in that geography. So that will have an impact. But if you take that holistically across emerging markets, I think the important area here is that, obviously, those markets were from a GDP standpoint severely impacted in 2020. As you see oil prices come back those tend to benefit emerging markets and that will play out in higher GDP, some inflation, obviously, allows us to continue to take pricing in those markets. And I think as you see the rate of vaccinations increase, those markets are likely to come back quite nicely particularly in the back half of this year. From a pricing standpoint, consistently across all emerging markets, we've been able to take strong pricing given the strength of our businesses and that really started back in 2020. And you've seen a competitive environment is, obviously, having to offset a lot of the raw material inflation that we've seen taking pricing, which has allowed the emerging markets to take a little bit more value in their categories. And clearly there from a per cap standpoint, we continue to be investing in our per capita programs particularly across Africa, parts of Asia and Latin America and that is consistent and I think that margin growth that we've had has allowed us to continue to invest in areas like per cap, which we think obviously bode well for the long-term.
Operator: And we will take the next question from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: Great. Thanks. Good morning. I was curious if
Stan Sutula: Hi Lauren.
Lauren Lieberman:  I know pricing obviously is a key part of your strategy, Noel. But I was particularly intrigued by the pricing in Europe this quarter. I know it was discussed as in relation to cost inflation and maybe a little bit less on the side of the longer-term strategic revenue growth management initiatives. But I was just curious, because the ability to get pricing through in Europe even from a consumer from a competitor standpoint is pretty notable. And I believe, one of your -- a large HPC and food player as we've talked about, an actual a tougher pricing environment in Europe. So I'd love some more color on that if possible. Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Two things, I think the pricing environment in Europe historically has been extremely difficult, as we all know. That being said, if you go back to a lot of the strategies that we've been putting in place around revenue of management which is a discipline that we're really trying to embed across -- broadly across our commercial organizations, we're finding ways to get pricing into the P&L particularly through how we manage gross to net. Also in Europe is the strength of the elmex brand, obviously Meridol and elmex being strong premium brands with a strong brand loyalty allow us to take more aggressive pricing in those markets. And we've been disciplined to do that on a pretty sequential basis, across that continent. So that has obviously played nicely through the P&L. So I'd say, a combination of revenue growth management discipline really taking hold more work to do to be sure. And some of the strength of our toothpaste equities in that region which have allowed us to take more pricing. And to a certain extent, as we saw more lockdowns early on in the year, the promotional environment was probably a little bit more benign. But we've anticipated that will continue to accelerate as store traffic increases in the back half of the year.
Operator: All right. [Operator Instructions] We will take the next question from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan.
Andrea Teixeira: Hi. Good morning. Thank you. I just want to go back to the pricing comment. I think what you said, obviously, you have been able to price to inflation in some of these countries. And in particular, you sounded -- Noel, you sounded very positive about LatAm. Do you think you can still pull those levers there? And to John's comment before like if you, have to take more pricing in some places is that like you're trying to price to inflation so that you can go into the guide, because the two other centers as at the end of the prepared remarks implied, as if you're not tracking to the high end of your guide, you're tracking more at this point in the low end. So what would take you to the high-end of the EPS guide?
Noel Wallace: Yeah, two aspects to talk to, there's obviously -- there's two implications on, how we think about pricing. There's the foreign exchange aspect, which obviously moves through transactionally into the margin line. And we tend to try to offset that. And there's obviously then commodity inflation that we see locally in the markets and we obviously look to gauge our price increases based on where the market is and what the consumer will bear. But if you take a step back for a minute, it's the strength of our brands, I think in emerging markets that have really allowed us to do more on the pricing line. You talked about Latin America. If you go back last year in Latin America, we took 9.5% pricing in the third quarter 9.5% pricing in the fourth quarter. And I think -- and even if you look at it across emerging markets, it was getting ahead of some of the pricing environment that we've incurred the raw material pricing environment we've seen this year. So as you build that pricing into your P&L that really sets us up for strong growth on the pricing side in 2021. We've continued to take pricing as we've seen an elevated pricing -- inflation environment around raw and packed. And that's allowed us obviously to deliver the gross margins in the quarter. So again, we continue to look at the marketplace. So as I mentioned earlier, our competitors are facing the same level of inflation that we are. And as a result, that environment versus just foreign exchange creates a healthier environment to take pricing particularly in emerging markets.
Operator: Okay. We will take the next question from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Noel Wallace: Hi, Jason. 
Jason English: Hey. Thank you for slotting me in. So, I guess, I'll come after the gross margin question, since no one's really pushed into it yet. The inflation rate this quarter, 310 bips drag, it's almost 8% year-on-year COGS inflation. Is it safe to assume that that number should escalate as we progress through the year? And assuming that's the case, which I think seems to be a reasonable assumption, what are the offsets that will escalate in kind to try to help you still get gross margin expansion in this environment, which would truly be phenomenal? Are we looking for more productivity than is typical in the year? Price continuing to climb, or are there other offsets we should consider?
Noel Wallace: Yes. Thanks, Jason. I think, we would anticipate, as weve built into our guidance that costs will continue to remain inflated as we move through the year. And as we start to lap some of the increases that we saw later in the back half of last year, it will become a little bit more benign in that regard. A couple of things. Obviously, continuing to be highly disciplined about taking pricing and taking it quickly and that will continue to be the case. We've got to be courageous and bold in that regard. Obviously, we watch that carefully, based on what's happening in the local marketplace, but straight price increases will continue to be an important element, as we look at the back half of the year. The revenue growth management aspect we've referred to a couple of times that is an important discipline that we really need to embed across our organizations. And I think we've seen some fruits of that, at least, last year and coming into the first quarter this year. So that will continue to happen. The other important aspect to look at is, if you look at the mix of our business, last year we saw significant lifts from some of the lower-margin categories that were driven by COVID, so things like bar soap and liquid hand soap. As oral care begins to normalize and the category returns to historical trends, that will certainly help from a mix standpoint. Likewise, our professional health business, which obviously was significantly impacted by closures, although that business is starting to come back quite nicely, still not back to where it was from a store opening standpoint, as well as travel retail. And as that continues to unfold through the balance of the year, that will likewise help a bit. And obviously, as foreign exchange, we talked a little bit, not seeing the benefit we initially anticipated, but still somewhat of a benefit that will ultimately help through to the P&L. The other aspect, I'd say, Jason, is moving -- getting volume moving through the P&L in the back half. Obviously, taking pricing allows us to support the advertising and innovation, which is critically important. And we've always said, that's part of our strategy, make sure we get the margin to support the advertising and the investment and that will obviously bode well for the pricing that we see in the back half of -- excuse me, in the volume that we anticipate to improve in the back half of the year. 
Operator: And the next question is going to be from Chris Carey with Wells Fargo Securities.
Noel Wallace: Hi, Chris.
Chris Carey: Hi. Hey. Good morning. How are you? So if we're not mistaken, this is the best two-year stack in Hill's, I guess in like 20 years. And so, I want to understand, just how you view sustainability of consumption trends in the business today, whether you think there are incremental distribution opportunities, as pet ownership has increased, or if you're just gaining market share. Obviously, this one's a little bit harder for us to track, given the channels in which it fits, but basically the concept here is, there's quite a bit of momentum. And just want to get your thoughts on sustainabilities and what you see as the opportunities going forward. Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Yes. Thanks, Chris. And clearly, really, really happy with the progress, because it really underscores and gives us confidence in our strategy, 7% organic on 2020 -- comping 2020 last year is terrific. So a couple of aspects that excite us relative to the category. One, you mentioned that the pet ownership is up. That's an annuity, quite frankly, for the category. As you see pet ownership increase, obviously, those pets need to be fed and that will ultimately play back in the dynamics of the category moving forward. Second is, the aspects associated with our business, low penetrated business for Hill's, low brand awareness business for Hill's. So that, again, underscores and underpins the strategy that we have, continue to increase investment, continue to drive core innovation and continue to drive premium innovation on the prescription diet, particularly as we see consumers returning into the vet space or returning to visit their vets. That will, obviously, bode well for the Prescription Diet business. But again tough comps moving forward to be sure, but the business has real momentum not only in the US, which continues to perform exceptionally well, but emerging markets likewise had a terrific quarter and a lot of head space there for us. But we're being very methodical and thoughtful on how we generate this growth. We're looking for long-term sustainable profitable growth building the brands and markets and doing that the right way. And we have the momentum to do that and the flexibility in the P&L. Obviously, we've seen some rising prices on agricultural commodities and we need to take some pricing as we did. But overall, the health of the business underscored by pet ownership, the low brand awareness and penetration that we have gives us confidence that we can continue to drive this business forward.
Operator: All right. And your next question comes from Wendy Nicholson with Citi.
Wendy Nicholson: Hi. Good morning. Just on the housekeeping. The plant in India, I think -- correct me, if I'm wrong, but I think that has a fair bit of export business throughout the rest of the region. So, just wondering, if you're worried about that, if you think there could be any disruption there, you should be getting people to the plan. I know, you don't want to comment on the operations. I'm just thinking about your business in the region, whether that plant is still a big deal from an export perspective, and if there could be any pressure from the outbreak right now? But then my other question is, you haven't talked much about the skin care business. And I'm just wondering, sort of big picture how are trends there? Again, apart from COVID, but I know you were going to distribute or expand distribution for example in China, how is that going? How are you feeling about the prestige skin care business, et cetera, et cetera? If you could just give an update there. Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Sure. So obviously, we're concerned about India obviously, given what's going on with the case counts in the country. That being said, you've heard us talk time and time again for the last 15 months that, the health and safety of our employees remains number one. We have taken significant precautions across India to ensure that the health and safety of our employees is there. And with those efforts, we're pleased to say that, we continue to operate all of our plants in India with no disruption. Our most significant plant there, a good percentage of the employees have been vaccinated, which is terrific. And we're seeing obviously, the performance of that plant relative to not only India for the region, continue to deliver against expectations. That being said, we can't control, whatever the government decides to do in terms of further lockdowns. But at this stage, the plant is being run extremely well and the business across the region is benefiting from that capacity. Relative to professional skin obviously, a tough, tough year for professional skin, particularly given the channels that we're focused on whether itd be spas, dermatologists or travel retail. But all those businesses are slowly coming back. And we saw good performance of the skin health business in the first quarter. In fact, that business was up double digit. We're seeing a return to offices and the foot traffic going back into the professional space, increasing month in and month out, obviously not back to where we were pre-COVID, but the trends are positive, particularly across North America. The one outlier is obviously still the travel retail business in China. While travel retail has moved internal to China, the real travel retail historically which was a good part of the business has not returned. And we expect to start to see that loosen up a bit in the back half. But again, we spent a lot of time in 2020, building capabilities and really learning the business, getting the innovation profile right, to set us up for good growth in 2021.
Operator: Okay. And your next question comes from Kevin Grundy with Jefferies.
Kevin Grundy: Great. Thanks. Good morning everyone. Noel, my question this morning relates to profitability in your North America business. Sales growth clearly under pressure, cycling some difficult year-over-year comparisons, so you had volume deleverage, higher commodities logistics and supply chain issues. But nevertheless it was a low watermark for segment margins in a very long time. So there have been a lot of discussion on pricing, but I wanted to at a more granular level talk about, what percentage of your portfolio in North America specifically in the US really, do you think that you can cover through pricing? What has already been announced to retailers? The environment here certainly seems a lot more amenable currently than it had been even just a few months ago for obvious reasons here in terms of retailer receptivity. And then just sort of rounding it out what should the market expect in terms of margin recovery here in the segment for the balance of the year? So, thanks for that.
Noel Wallace: Sure. So, we kind of experienced a perfect storm in the US in the first quarter. Obviously, the category expectations that we had declined more than we anticipated faster and deeper quite frankly. On top of that, we obviously saw a significant increase in raw materials more than expected. Third and this was the biggest piece versus our expectations was logistics. Two issues there. Obviously, the capacity and cost of logistics broadly across the US have gone up quite significantly and that was exacerbated by a specific event that we had in a warehouse that we were opening up and had some transition issues associated with that that compounded our problems. So, with that those -- the warehouse issues are quickly moving behind us. Our service levels are quickly returning to where they were but it certainly had a short-term impact both from a sales standpoint a market share standpoint and importantly, from an operating margin standpoint. That being said, if I characterize a little bit about what's going on in the US, I mean the categories were quite concerning obviously moving through the March period where we saw significant declines more than we anticipated. But the silver lining here I think on North America is we've seen categories in the last two weeks come back nicely. In fact, particularly, around the toothpaste category, which is rebounding up double digits in the last two weeks, particularly as we see store traffic and foot traffic return to stores. We've got a good innovation pipeline planned and as you saw we've maintained our support which we think is extremely important to continue to obviously drive volume and share in the back half and we're laser-focused on logistics and raw material costs. Relative to pricing again revenue growth management we're not going to talk to our plans on price increases at this time, but it's a market where everyone is certainly looking at that aspect very, very closely. And I anticipate that you'll see more price increases across the sector given the headwinds that everyone has faced in this space. But again, we're focused on this. I think the team's got a good handle of what's going on get the service issue behind us which it is and we'll move forward. Q2 will continue to be a very difficult comp for the US. As you saw last year, we had significant growth in Q2 as well. And so that will be a difficult comp but it'll be dependent highly on where the categories end up as we move forward.
Operator: All right. And we'll take the next question from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank.
Steve Powers: Hey thanks. So, we've talked a lot about pricing. You just mentioned again there Noel, I guess, I'm thinking about in the context of your underlying strategy the mix shift towards premium innovation. So, in light of the uncertainties that you called out on emerging markets and some of the volatility we've seen in developed market category trends and just the notion that there's inflationary pressure building on the consumer shopping basket not only in your categories, but more broadly, does that impact at all what you anticipate in terms of consumer appetite for that premium innovation that you're bringing to market, especially if the prices associated with it are going higher? Just curious how you're thinking about that? Whether those considerations vary at all by region or across categories and whether it's impacted at all how you're choosing to prioritize investments over the balance of the year. Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Yes. Thanks Steve. No, it has not distracted us from our strategy. Premiumization continues to be a very important element. We've talked a lot with you regarding our refocused orientation on innovation between H1, H2, and H3 very much focused on the aspects of H1 and H2, which are premium brands. And if you look at the growth of Oral Care in the first quarter, particularly, toothpaste a good percentage of that came from our premiumization strategy. I'll give you a good example. Good shares in Brazil holding shares despite a pretty competitive environment. Our premium business in Brazil alone was 27% of our business roughly I think in 2018. It's up to 30% of our business year-to-date and it's up 120 basis points versus last year. So, a good indication that the launch of the Colgate Tartar Control some of the natural extracts bundles, the launch of elmex in the market there, those are important initiatives to continue to close our index and we still have a ways to go to close the index that we've talked about. So premiumization will continue to play. And I don't think quite frankly, even though some of these markets will be under pressure economically, the fact that we have innovation across all of our price points and historically, we play very aggressively both in the opening as well as the mid-price, we think we have the ability to leverage our portfolio effectively as we see the economic circumstances change. But again premiumization will continue to be a focus.  You saw it in Asia, particularly where we're launching and leading with premium innovation in our online business in Asia. Our online business continues to grow. I think it was up over 200 basis points year-to-date. So again, supporting the fact that the premiumization strategy is working and will be agile relative to how we see the market evolve; and need be we will play more in the mid and opening should that be necessary.  I think what's importantly is we get more and more consumers back into stores, historically, that is where we have performed so well and our ability to generate more volume and pricing opportunities as consumers track back into the shopping environment bodes well. But that being said, I'll also say our e-commerce business continues to perform exceptionally well. That was a big growth driver for us and it's comping a difficult number last year. We continue to show strong growth and our shares are pretty consistently up across the board in the online environment. 
Operator: And we will take our next question from Bill Chappell with Truist Securities. 
Bill Chappell : Thanks. Good morning. 
Noel Wallace: Good morning.
Bill Chappell : Just a question around kind of capital allocation and any thoughts there? For years, the company had a pretty steady share repurchase program that's kind of faded over the past two, three years. M&A activity seems to be really picking up within the industry as everybody is kind of looking for a new home as we get into 2021. Any kind of changes to the thought process over the next year? 
Noel Wallace: Actually, no. I mean our strategy continues to be very consistent with what we've articulated in the past, reinvesting in the business with the high ROIC that we have. We continue to see real opportunities to invest in capacity and cost-saving projects around the world and that is indeed exactly what we're doing. So that will continue to be our priority. Obviously, as M&A comes available we've been conservative in that regard. We'll be selective as we see some strategic gaps in our portfolio, we may look to bring those in.  But right now, we're very focused on what we have in the current portfolio. We think we've got significant opportunities still to expand and really build our skin health business out the way we want to. We've got the Hello acquisition coming in. And obviously, some of the challenges that the Natural segment experienced particularly in North America getting those behind us and moving forward with the expansion of that brand around the world. So we're focused on what we have.  And then obviously we'll continue to pay the dividend and we've increased share buybacks this year as we had outlined in our guidance coming out of 2020 when we were paying down the debt. So that comes back to historical numbers. So no real change there. We continue to be very flexible as we see opportunities and maintaining a strong balance sheet continues to be of paramount importance to us. 
Operator: And the next question is from Mark Astrachan with Stifel.
Mark Astrachan: Yes. Thanks. And good morning, everyone. I wanted to ask about ad spend and market share. So ad spend has grown ahead of sales since at least 2018. How long does that continue? And where does it normalize as a percentage of sales? And I guess related to that does market share factor into that thinking -- especially given the numbers that you disclosed in the release is around what has been sustained share loss in Oral Care especially now that FX is favorable as well as the commentary earlier in the call about the importance of the category to gross margin? So maybe if you could tie that into together that'd be helpful. 
Noel Wallace: Yes. We don't have a specific target in mind for advertising. There's so many inputs that go into thinking about how and where we spend money. We're being more strategic on where we spend our money. That is underscored by the innovation strategy that we've outlined relative -- particularly premiumization, which in our view requires the right level of advertising to seed it. And so as a result of that, there's not a specific number that we're looking at.  I think the most important aspect for us is continued sustainable profitable growth. And you've seen that now quite consistently over the previous couple of years. And that's the barometer we're holding ourselves to is to continue to drive that top line. We obviously now have the ability as we shift more and more money into digital to really assess the performance of that spend and that makes the economics and efficiency of our advertising that much better as we think about how we want to spend and where we want to spend. And so we -- as we see the opportunities unfold as we see the plethora of brands and innovation that we have to support we'll continue to put money in advertising as we're seeing a return on that investment. And I think you've seen that. It's all kind of obviously linked. We've got premium innovation driving gross margin That puts more dollar margin into the P&L and ultimately transfers into better advertising more advertising support more capabilities and more EPS. And so it's a balance across all of it. There's not one specific goal we're looking to achieve. And I think we're getting better at putting our advertising where we see the right returns and being selective both from a category and a geography standpoint on how we do that. Hill's is a great example of that. We've obviously deliberately and strategically put more money into that business and you've seen the payback on that quite clearly. 
Operator: And your next question is from Kamil Jagrulla with Credit Suisse. 
Kamil Jagrulla: Noel you just mentioned there's a lot of inputs that go into where you spend your money. As you're kind of thinking about coming out of COVID and you think about your -- the various divisions the various pieces of your portfolio has anything changed in terms of where you want to deploy capital? And maybe specifically to talk about are you thinking about the cleaning side any differently? Maybe there's other parts of the business you might be thinking about differently like doubling down on Hill's for example. Can you maybe just talk about what has evolved a little bit now that we're on the other side of this or likely on the other side of this? 
Noel Wallace: Yes. Without getting into too much detail we've spent a significant amount of time looking at our 2025 strategic plan. And in that strategic plan I think what's very notable and different for us is making tough choices on where we're going to invest our money. And rather than being somewhat democratic in that process and as a result of that coming out of COVID we're going to continue to be laser-focused on executing against our strategy. And that involves us taking money and putting it where we think we're going to get the best return through the P&L on that. And it's building businesses and geographies that we believe will deliver long-term sustainable profitable growth. It's building businesses that have the right demographics and category opportunity in terms of growth potential for them. And obviously making sure that the mix of our spending and the mix of our innovation continues to be premiumized which requires investment. And you couple that with obviously the need to continue to support a lot of that organic stuff that we do on the market. We talked about per capita consumption programs as a result of our focus on education and doing things of that nature. So all these aspects are critically important to driving the investment strategy so to speak. So again it's just built on I think a well thought through strategic plan. It's anchored against making good choices of where we want to spend. And certainly as we see the categories unfold in the back half of the year, we'll continue to allocate accordingly based on where we see the best growth opportunity. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question is from Rob Ottenstein with Evercore. 
Rob Ottenstein: Great. Thank you very much. Just -- first just a kind of a detailed question. I'm sorry I missed it. Your corporate expenses were a good bit higher than, I think most people modeled. Was -- did that have to do with the warehousing issues that you referenced? And if so, how much of it was related to that, or what other sorts of investments are you doing there? And then second, you mentioned that in general you're gaining share in e-commerce. Can you just kind of give us a little bit more detail in terms of the percentage of the business that's in e-commerce maybe detail on the growth rates in the US, China Europe? Just a little bit more granularity would be terrific? Thank you. 
Noel Wallace: Sure. Thanks Rob. On the corporate side, actually when you look at the SG&A line that was driven by logistics and advertising. So if you strip out just our corporate fixed costs, our corporate fixed costs pleasingly were actually down in that equation. So I think a lot of the productivity initiatives that we're focused on across the P&L and managing cost actually delivered a fixed cost reduction in the quarter, which was terrific to see. Moving on to specifically e-commerce, I mean, obviously the growth numbers are terrific across the board relative to our focus there. And as you look at market share increases we've seen those in North America. We've seen those in Hill's. We're seeing those in Asia quite nicely. We're seeing those in Latin America. In fact, I got some India numbers that look outstanding. So again, where we're focusing time, and effort, and certainly putting the investment there we're seeing a good return on that. I think that bodes well as we continue to see the growth of e-commerce. We exited the year at double digit on e-commerce and that number has accelerated in the first quarter. So I think the focus and strategies we have in place continue to be well received in the marketplace. I'll give you one data point. We're up 260 basis points versus the first quarter last year on a percent of sales on our e-commerce business. So, again, I think it's growing quite nicely, and importantly driving market share of new users into the franchise.
Operator: Thank you. Mr. Wallace, it appears there are no further questions at this time.
Noel Wallace: Okay. Well, thanks everyone. So that obviously concludes our call. And again, we're really pleased on how we started the year. And we've got a lot to do. We're excited about what's ahead of us, but there's no question a lot of volatility and challenges. But we've got an incredible culture at Colgate and our entire team of 3,000, 4,000 people are deeply focused on delivering strong results, while ensuring that we continue to adapt to a rapidly changing environment and wining the future. So I just want to thank everyone for their continued support on our business, and look forward to talking to everyone very soon. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-01-29 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to todays Colgate-Palmolive Company fourth quarter 2020 earnings conference call. This call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgatepalmolive.com. For opening remarks, I will turn the conference over to the Chief Investor Relations Officer, John Faucher. Please go ahead, John.
John Faucher: Thanks Shannon. Good morning and welcome to our 2020 fourth quarter and year-end earnings release conference call. This is John Faucher, Chief Investor Relations Officer. Todays conference call will include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from these statements. Please refer to the earnings press release and our most recent filings with the SEC, including our 2019 annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings, all available on Colgates website, for a discussion of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these statements.  This conference call will also include a discussion of non-GAAP financial measures, including those identified in tables 8 and 9 of the earnings press release. A full reconciliation to the corresponding GAAP financial measures is included in the earnings press release and is available on Colgates website. Joining me on the call this morning and Noel Wallace, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Stan Sutulla, Chief Financial Officer. I will provide commentary on our Q4 and full-year performance as well as our 2021 guidance before turning it over to Noel for his thoughts on how we are planning to sustain our growth momentum into 2021. We will then open it up for Q&A. As usual, we request that you limit yourself to one question so that as many people as possible get to ask a question. If you have further questions, you are welcome to re-enter the queue. We finished 2020 in very strong fashion with our highest level of quarterly organic sales growth in over 10 years and our highest annual organic sales growth since the depths of the financial crisis. Importantly, we continued to deliver balanced growth which we think is the key to sustainable strong performance. For both the quarter and the year, we delivered both volume and pricing growth, organic growth in all four of our categories - oral care, personal care, home care, and pet nutrition, and organic sales growth in every division with both emerging markets and developed markets performing well. Our strategy to deliver more impactful premium innovation is still in its early stages, but we believe the results are beginning to show.  Importantly, this growth is driving our income statement. We delivered strong gross margin expansion for both the quarter and the year which allowed us to deliver profitable growth despite significant investments for future growth and the headwinds from foreign exchange.  Our net sales grew 7.5% in the quarter. Organic sales growth of 8.5% was driven by 5% organic volume growth and a 3.5% increase in pricing. The impact of acquisitions added an additional 100 basis points to volume growth while foreign exchange was a 2% headwind.  In the fourth quarter, our gross profit margin was 61.1% on both a GAAP basis, where were up 100 basis points year over year, and a base business basis where we were up 90 basis points. For the fourth quarter, pricing was 130 basis points favorable to gross margin while raw materials were a 320 basis point headwind driven by increases in the cost of raw materials, like pulling oils, and the transactional impact from foreign exchange. Productivity was a 280 basis point benefit. On a GAAP basis, our SG&A was up 260 basis points as a percent of sales for the fourth quarter and 100 basis points for the full year. On a base business basis, in the fourth quarter our SG&A was up 310 basis points on a percent of sales basis. This was primarily driven by a 210 basis point increase in advertising to sales as we drove strong activation on brand building, innovation and ecommerce. Our SG&A ratio was also impacted by increased logistics costs primarily in the U.S. and investments behind in growth and innovation. For the full year on a base business basis, our SG&A ratio was up 150 basis points driven primarily by a 100 basis point increase in advertising to sales and increased logistics costs. For the fourth quarter on a GAAP basis, our operating profit was up 4% year-over-year while it was up 3% on a base business basis. Our EPS was flat on a GAAP basis and up 5% on a base business basis. For the full year, our EPS growth was 14% on a GAAP basis and 8% on a base business basis.  We delivered 18% growth in free cash flow for the full year. As we discussed at the beginning of 2020, we used some of the free cash flow to pay down debt primarily related to the Filorga transaction with the balance used for dividends and share repurchases.  A few comments on our divisional performance. North America delivered 10% net sales and 8.5% organic sales growth in the quarter driven by premium innovation and increased consumption in categories impacted by the COVID pandemic. We also benefited from a rebound in performance by our skin health businesses in the quarter. Our ecommerce business in North America finished the year strongly with sales in the fourth quarter more than double last years sales. North America saw significant increases in brand support behind the Hum by Colgate electric brush, the Colgate Optic White overnight teeth whitening pen, our toothpaste business, and Irish Spring.  Latin America net sales were down low single digits as double-digit organic sales growth was more than offset by the negative impact of foreign exchange. The strong organic sales growth performance was broad-based as we delivered organic sales growth in every hub for both the quarter and the year. Oral care innovation has been a key growth driver with Colgate Total Tartar Control, Luminous White Charcoal, and our Natural Extracts line all driving incremental growth. Europe delivered double-digit net sales growth in the quarter. Organic sales growth of 4.5% was driven by volume growth across all three segments: oral care, personal care, and home care, and in every hub. Strong oral care volume growth on the Colgate and elmex brands was accompanied by significant brand building investment in traditional media and digital. We were also encouraged by a return to organic growth for Filorga where strong China growth more than offset weakness in the travel retail channel. We delivered 7% net sales and 5% organic sales growth in Asia-Pacific led by volume growth across our biggest hubs: Greater China, India, the Philippines, and South Pacific. In India and China, our growth strategies are driving improved toothpaste performance through Colgate Miracle Repair in China, Colgate Vedshakti in India, and our re-launched Colgate anti-cavity business across the division. Our personal care and home care businesses also benefited from COVID-related demand in the South Pacific region. Africa Eurasia net sales declined 1.5% due to significant foreign exchange headwinds as the division delivered organic sales growth across all three categories and in every hub. Toothpaste organic sales growth was led by Colgate Herbal, Colgate Max Fresh, and Colgate Total. Meridol also delivered strong growth as we look to gain share in the pharmacy channel. Hills finished the year with another quarter of strong net sales and organic sales growth despite continued difficult comparisons. Organic sales growth was again led by the U.S. with ecommerce up significantly, but Europe also delivered double-digit growth. Encouragingly, we are seeing a re-acceleration in our prescription diet business as vet channel traffic continues to improve. Now for guidance. We expect organic sales growth to be within our 3% to 5% long term target range. Using current spot rates, we expect foreign exchange to be a low single-digit benefit for the year, although we expect currencies to remain volatile. We expect net sales to be up 4% to 7%. We expect our gross profit margin to be up year-over-year in 2021 despite difficult comparisons given our performance in 2020, increases in raw materials, and the continuing uncertainty associated with COVID. Advertising is also expected to be up on a percent of sales basis, although less so than in 2020. Our tax rate is expected to be between 23.5% to 24.5% on both a GAAP and base business basis. We point out that our guidance range does not account for any changes in U.S. corporate tax rates given the recent change in administration.  On a GAAP basis, we expect earnings per share growth in the low to mid single digits. On a base business basis, we expect earnings per share growth in the mid to high single digits. Obviously this is a wider range than what we normally provide, which we think is prudent given what we consider to be a heightened level of uncertainty as we plan out the year. There are several factors that could impact where we fall within this wider range. First, COVID-related consumption. In the categories where consumption has risen during the pandemic, primarily liquid hand soap, dish soap and cleaners, we are expecting lower rates of growth or even declines year-over-year in 2021, depending on the market. However, we expect overall consumption in these categories to remain elevated versus 2019 levels. Also, particularly in emerging markets, movements in foreign exchange could impact our ability to take pricing. We are optimistic about our pricing plans for 2021 and believe they are appropriate given recent raw material trends, the competitive environment, and foreign exchange.  Raw materials - we have budgeted for increased raw material costs, but we do highlight that many raw material prices are accelerating faster than anticipated. If this continues, it could pressure on gross margin expansion depending on our ability to take pricing or drive additional productivity. Finally, logistics - we have seen a further rise in logistics costs over the past few quarters, particularly in the U.S. but also relate to shipping containers in Asia. We expect these costs to remain elevated in the near term but to moderate later in the year. With that, Ill turn it over to Noel.
Noel Wallace: Thanks John, and good morning everyone. Like me, I hope you and your families are safe and healthy, and you share some sense of optimism that we can return to a more normal existence over the course of this year. I want to welcome Stan Sutulla to the first Colgate-Palmolive earnings call. Stan joined us back in November, as we announced, and obviously were deeply excited to have him here. Hes hit the ground running already. As I reflected on 2020, Im so proud of the Colgate people around the world and what theyve accomplished. Our first quarter call, I discussed three topics related to how we planned to manage through the crisis. These three topics were staying true to our values and purpose and helping us navigate a very difficult environment, adapting our strategies where necessary and executing with agility, and importantly managing through the crisis with an eye towards the future.  On the first topic, weve implemented programs to keep our employees safe and healthy while keeping our supply chain and our laboratories up and running and delivering record output from our facilities and our R&D organization. Nothing is more important than the safety and health of Colgate people and we will continue in 2021 to keep them as our first priority. We worked with the World Health Organization this year in local hospitals to distribute free health and hygiene products to people all over the world to help stop the spread of COVID and enable people to live healthier lives, programs that Colgate people are deeply proud of.  In the second area, we continued to execute on our growth mindset strategy to drive sustainable, profitable growth through more impactful premium innovation, which youll hear more about at CAGNY, increasing our brand building globally, and executing against our digital transformation. As John laid out, we did this all while delivering strong and balanced growth in organic net sales, net sales, operating profit, earnings per share, and free cash flow. We were able to achieve those results despite many operating challenges we confronted and a sizeable negative impact from foreign exchange. Most importantly, while weve been delivering on 2020 results, we have been very focused on positioning ourselves for growth in 2021 and beyond by taking advantage of our momentum, and that was the third topic - managing through this crisis with an eye towards the future. Now Ill provide some thoughts on why I believe what we did last year leaves us well positioned to continue our growth journey in 2021 and beyond. There are three reasons. The first is that as an organization, we have truly changed how we think about growth. As a company with leading brands, we have to be focused on driving category growth, and we can drive this growth in many ways. Of course, we can increase the number of people buying our products, we can increase the price that people are willing to pay for our products, and we can increase the frequency of how often people use our products. We have strengthened existing tools and, importantly, built new capabilities to drive this growth. For example, on Hills were reaching a much larger group of consumers through increased advertising to broaden our reach and improving our digital targeting so we can raise brand awareness and household penetration in what is truly a differentiated brand. Think about this as finding the right person with the right message at the right time. Its not just spending more, but spending smarter. In Latin America, we have used revenue growth management tools to drive value with price mix improvement in a very difficult operating environment. For instance, our share of the premium segment in toothpaste in Brazil has expanded by three points in the last two years, all driven by tactical and strategic revenue growth management.  As I discussed at the Barclays conference, we have disrupted our innovation processes to focus on breakthrough and transformational innovation which will enable us to increase the frequency of how people use our products and purchase our products. Pure performance, new forms, delivery systems and innovation for new channels all allow us to expand our availability to the consumer so they can choose our products more frequently, and given that Colgate brand has the highest household penetration of any consumer brand in the world, we have a unique ability to leverage our presence into faster growth. The second reason is that were developing a balanced view of how we deliver profitable growth. We know that in order to deliver a TSR that is in the top tier of our peer group, we cant just grow the top line, we need to deliver profitable growth. You can see this in our 2020 results where we delivered 8% earnings per share growth despite negative foreign exchange, while increasing brand building and investing in capabilities across the entire organization. Were doing this by pulling on all the levers: premium innovation, revenue growth management, funding the growth, discipline on overheads, and laser focused on all cost elements throughout the income statement.  Looking forward, we have to do more than offset the expected increases in raw material costs and logistics and in other areas, so that we can continue to invest in the transformational capabilities that were deploying and that will rely on pairing growth and productivity more effectively.  The third reason is that were making the necessary transformation to our culture to unleash the true potential of Colgate people. As anyone who has come here from the outside can tell you, the desire of Colgate people to win is unmatched. In 2020, we took several steps to accelerate the rate of change to build an organization for future growth. To that end, we made real progress on ecommerce, where we have brought in more external talent while up-skilling existing talent across the enterprise, launched more online-specific innovation like the Optic White Pen and the Miracle Repair Serum, and invested broadly behind enhanced digital capabilities. All of this paid off in more than 50% online growth in the fourth quarter and well exit the year with ecommerce at a double-digit run rate as a percentage of total sales. Lastly, its building out the right team. You need to provide the right tools to them, the right technology to digitally transform the organization. We continue to invest in systems to enable this transformation, like our transition SAP S/4HANA thats giving us better system speed, far better reporting, streamlined processes, and simplified transactions. Weve developed our cloud capabilities, which is giving us far more agility, speed and capability building, our ability now to develop applications much faster and realize the value of those applications much faster, and with our partners building support for our data and our analytics journey ahead. We also recently rolled out a new global system with our Colgate business planning process - you will remember that was called CBP, that will significantly reduce the process time required by providing greater opportunity for our teams to do analytics, particularly in the commercial area and particularly around revenue growth management. To sum it up, I look back at 2020 as a year where our company battled through uncertainty to deliver really strong results. I would also look back at a year where we elevated our performance and capabilities and positioned ourselves to deliver sustainable, profitable growth into the future. With that, Ill be happy to take your questions. 
Operator: [Operator instructions] Our first question will come from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley. 
Dara Mohsenian: Hey guys. Youve been able to realize some pretty significant pricing in the last few quarters of 2020. You mentioned optimism on pricing for 2021, also mentioned the rising raw material environment, clearly. Just wanted to understand the balance between pricing and volume in your 3% to 5% organic sales outlook, how much pricing youre assuming, and perhaps you can touch on your ability to take further pricing in emerging markets in a weaker dollar environment and given the state of the consumer, and then in the U.S. the promotional environment also relative to 2020. The gist of the question is, look, its a robust organic sales growth outlook relative to last year, so just trying to understand what gives you confidence versus a tough comparison and how pricing plays into that. Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Yes, thanks Dara. Let me come back again, I guess overarching in terms of strategy for us, because it plays into obviously our ability to deliver sustained profitable growth, which is a balance between volume and price. Obviously you can look at the details with volume and price across all divisions and categories - it certainly suggests that the underlying momentum and strategy seem to be working, but let me come back and reiterate some of the focus areas that have built that momentum this year. Obviously the re-focus and orientation around premium innovation, just aside from recovering some of the transactional elements that moved through foreign exchange, weve been very focused on getting premium innovation in the market, weve been very focused on delivering revenue growth management and discipline and teaching our commercial teams to execute that differently. Weve addressed adjacencies in certain markets which tend to give us more margin and value in the categories as well. Weve talked about our core strategy, which likewise in some of our big businesses around the world, great superior technology going into the market, allowing us to take more value as we move up, and obviously the discipline that weve historically had around just taking pricing to recover foreign exchange transaction, and youve seen that particularly in the back half of this year, so well have good flow-through of that as we see an environment that you talked about with increasing raw material prices, particularly over the last couple months. So again, its our ability to deliver balanced growth, getting the pricing where we need to, but making sure that the innovation is there to continue to drive both volume and price. We see it both in emerging as well as developed markets across the board. Relative to your question on the promotional environment, certainly weve seen a slightly more benign promotional environment through the year. Obviously we had some low points, but if you take the back half just as an example in toothpaste, were looking now running--the category is running at about 28% of sales on promotion. Pre-COVID, it was running 31, 32, so its back to where it was previously, and my sense is theres discipline in the market. Well see what happens post-COVID as consumers move back into stores and foot traffic increases and retailers decide to dial up the promotion piece, but right now its more disciplined and well continue to manage that going forward.  But again, I think it comes back to the core strategies of innovation, how were thinking about premium, core and adjacencies, and then the other piece of this is a lot of good work around revenue growth management across the world thats allowing us to get better balance and better quality pricing in the marketplace.
Operator: Thank you, and well take our next question from Andrea Teixeira of JP Morgan. Andrea, please go ahead.
Andrea Teixeira: Yes, sorry. Sorry, just making sure--yes, hello. I apologize for the problem. My question is on shipments, I guess consumption. If you look at the fourth quarter and how it flows through in the first and perhaps the second quarter, I understand what some of the--when we look at Nielsen, especially in the U.S., we cant basically see how shipment against consumption is in cat food and all the other categories, so as we look into 2021, how we should be thinking as you see your outlook for volumes. Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Two aspects there. I think behind the question is where are inventories relative to the trade and consumers. Certainly following the pantry load that we saw in the first quarter, we saw those inventories come out in subsequent quarters - second, third and in the fourth, and trade inventories obviously, I think, were well in line. A little discontinuity in the fourth quarter and into January, I think as retailers came out of the Christmas season. They overloaded in some commodity categories and theyre looking to balance it across the board, but by and large were where we wanted to be. The replenishment of some of the high demand categories is basically there, and we think were in a good place relative to where we stand. We still have some opportunities in categories like liquid hand soap and dish, given the heightened demand, but overall inventories are not in a place that has any concern to us. I think whats interesting, another point behind your question is obviously that our consumption or our shipments are running ahead of some of the market share trends we see around the world, and that again comes back to the point that weve talked about before, that our focus has been in driving top line organic growth, getting to where consumers are shopping, and the high growth that weve seen obviously in ecommerce and other channels that are non-tracked is obviously in our shipment numbers and not necessarily reflected in the consumption numbers, given that the non-tracked are growing at a significant multiple to the tracked channels today. By and large, I think the strategies of continuing to drive balanced top line growth across the growing channels is certainly delivering the acceleration that youve seen in the back half of this year, which has obviously been underpinned by strong advertising support and brand building.
Operator: Thank you, and well take our next question from Nik Modi from RBC Capital Markets.
Nik Modi: Yes, good morning everyone. Noel, I wanted to ask you a question about self diagnostics and self care - I mean, these are increasing trends especially as the population ages, COVID has put kind of a highlight on that. I just wanted to get a sense how--you know, given Colgates credentials in science, strong brand name, is this an area that you think you can explore and create a new pillar of growth? Then just piggybacking off of that, how would you do that? Would it be through M&A or could you do it through organic means? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Yes, interesting question, Nik. Strategically when you start looking at some of the behavior changes that weve seen in categories like oral health and skin health, let me start with oral health where we obviously have a very strong relationship with the professional community and understanding how theyve begun to embrace telehealth. Whats interesting is go back two years and telehealth was very much non-existent, and obviously COVID has accelerated trends necessary, and the ability to look at monitoring systems and how those relationships between the dental practitioners and consumers are elevated is a space that we think very, very interesting.  Lets take the new product that weve launched online this year, the Hum electric toothbrush which give you diagnostics live through a consumer app on exactly how youre brushing your teeth and areas of improvement. We see that as an ongoing trend relative to connecting and building education at home, and you can start to piece it together long term how you then connect that with the profession in terms of a fully integrated end-to-end process. Likewise in skin health, the same thing - were starting to see obviously telehealth expand there. Were seeing do-it-yourself procedures being done more at home. The consumers are much more open to taking part in things like skin peel, as an example, where weve launched a new entry level skin peel for PCA that allows us to do more do it at home versus having to come to the derm office. Obviously for the more sophisticated procedures, we continue to partner with consumers to get them into the profession to do that. Theres certainly a trend there. Weve got people working on that and then opportunity to continue to elevate our partnerships and obviously bring new growth opportunities to the business as we think about connecting both the profession with the consumer with integrated devices. 
Operator: Thank you, and our next question will come from Olivia Tong with Bank of America.
Olivia Tong: Great, thank you. Good morning. Wanted to just get a little bit more detail into the key puts and takes to get to the 3% to 5% organic sales target, obviously volume versus pricing contribution to the top line given that promotion should continue to normalize, and obviously FX turning to a contribution, and then just a little bit of a view in terms of growth rate by product segment, oral care versus personal care and home care and Hills. Just trying to get a better sense of your level of visibility and where the flex points might be, given how much the current environment is evolving. Then as you think about what spending is already in the base, particularly for SG&A, versus what youre planning for 2021, where do you think the areas are for potential upside and downside? Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Sure, lets talk a little bit more on the categories. Obviously the uncertainty we have in the categories is exactly when youll see categories normalize relative to some of the accelerated consumption youve seen, particularly in COVID-related categories like liquid hand soap, like dish liquid. Our assumptions and plans as we built the 2021 budget were that we would see those begin to normalize in the back half of 2021, albeit at a lower level than we saw growth rates versus 2020 but slightly above the 19 levels, so we still expect that well see some opportunities for growth in the first half and then normalizing more in the back half versus 19. But again, it depends very much, Olivia, on where you are in the world. As you probably well know, the COVID growth in consumption has been very much driven by the developed markets, particularly North America, to a certain extent some markets in Europe which had some pantry loading in the first quarter, and Australia. You have not seen that in emerging markets; in fact, if you take Africa, to a certain extent Asia, the Middle East, youve seen categories, quite frankly, languish and not nearly as robust as youve seen in emerging markets, which I think makes our emerging market growth particularly pleasing given the balance that weve seen, both in price and volume, across our big emerging markets and the growth thats come behind that, which has been terrific. Again, balanced growth through the first half of the year, well see things normalize, and thats built into the current consensus as John laid out.  In terms of advertising, again strategic for us this year. Weve talked about from the first quarter on that we were going to invest behind the brands. The increased momentum that weve seen in the business has allowed us to broaden our spending across more categories, but particularly focused on where were seeing significant growth in the categories. Lets take the Hills business, which constituted a big percentage of the advertising increase on the year and in the fourth quarter, and youve obviously seen the continued very strong performance on that business. Thats a business with more or less 10% awareness and low brand penetration, so the runway ahead of that business, we believe continues to be very strong and we will continue to obviously put the investment where were getting the return on that. Likewise in the North America business, we obviously put more money into some of the premium innovations that weve launched in the back half - the whitening pen, the super premium Optic White Renewal toothpaste, some of the work that were doing online and being much more targeted in that space. So again, the advertising has been very focused, broad in the sense of allowing us to go after certain categories around the world that we had not been supporting, where we saw some good opportunities, particularly in adjacencies, so were quite pleased with our ability strategically to get more investment behind the brands given the health of the P&L.
Operator: Our next question will come from Kevin Grundy of Jefferies.
Kevin Grundy: Great, thanks. Morning everyone, and congratulations on the strong results this year. Noel, I wanted to spend some time on your emerging markets business, just specifically around category growth and market share momentum, and then tie that into your outlook for the year. Obviously really strong performance, and thats been part of the story here, driving the solid results in the back half of the year. Pricing has remained a strong contributor - one kind of understands that with respect to inflation and FX headwinds that the company has been coping with, but I think whats noteworthy is that volume has been quite resilient in the back half of the year in a way that it wasnt, even despite the fact youre lapping tougher year-over-year comparisons. I was hoping youd spend a moment, is this sort of the rising tide is raising all boats? Have you observed an acceleration in your categories, perhaps owing to increased consumer mobility related to the pandemic, or are you seeing very tangible signs of encouraging market share momentum owing to some of the strategic shifts in spending and investment that you discussed earlier in the call? If you could just tie that in also at a high level, what is the company embedding in its 2021 outlook related to emerging markets. Thank you for all that.
Noel Wallace: Sure, a lot packed in that question. Let me get to emerging categories. Whats particularly pleasing on our performance this year is that, as I mentioned to Olivia, weve seen a slowdown in some of the categories in emerging markets this year relative to the comparison on developed, and a lot of the good volume growth weve driven in those markets again comes back to the strategy - more premium innovation where we were under-indexed. You heard me mention Brazil, where weve increased three points in super premium toothpaste, ASPs are up about 12%, and all quality growth in the Brazilian market. Now, weve given up a little bit of share at the low end of the price points where weve seen some of our competitors driving a lot of volume at low price points, but the quality of our share and the profitability of our share in that market is far better than it was, given the focus on premium innovation. The other point thats driving good volume growth in emerging markets again is our core. Focusing on core in Asia, a big part of our toothpaste in those markets, where weve seen obviously sluggish market growth, are shipments ahead of consumption, which is, I think, a tracked channel issue, again driven by good core innovation - taking pricing, bringing superior value to the consumer, and leveraging some big parts of our business across a couple markets. The third would be the adjacency strategy that weve had in emerging markets, whether thats in Africa, whether thats in Latin America, looking at adjacencies that we can get good margin accretion in, that have high growth rates. Skin and facial products in Latin America, as an example, behind our Protex brand have performed very, very well, particularly in markets like Brazil. So again, the strategies that weve been deploying across innovation, particularly core premium and adjacencies, have played out. The other piece of this is depending on where you are, the emerging growth of ecommerce has been quite important for us, both in developing markets as well as the developed markets. If you take the growth that weve seen in emerging, ecommerce is still a low percentage of the total ACV in Latin America and in Africa. Obviously in Asia, the inverse - its significant growth in the category right now, and weve had terrific performance across our Asian business, particularly in China behind some of the unique innovation that weve put in the market.  Well see how ecommerce continues to perform as foot traffic increases, but if you take the China piece specifically where weve been very focused on driving our online and digital capabilities, weve seen our market shares in ecommerce grow nicely in 2020 based on the strategy that weve been deploying. Overall, I think weve been looking at the channel growth in the right way, weve been looking at the portfolio strategies from an innovation standpoint in the right way. Now as COVID gets behind us, you would hope that wed start to see a re-acceleration of the categories in emerging markets in the back half of 2021, and obviously theyve been a little bit sluggish given, I think, some of the issues with the mobility in those markets and the significant increase in the virus, particularly in markets like Latin America and in certain markets of Africa. The belief is that in the back half, well see that start to stabilize and well see markets return, which will give us obviously an increased opportunity to continue to drive volume.
Operator: Our next question will come from Wendy Nicholson with Citi.
Wendy Nicholson: Hi. My question actually had to do with India, because I saw the numbers that came out of that division yesterday, and its obviously the exception that we actually get to see numbers for a specific country for you. I know its small, but the thing that struck me was top line growth was good but not great, but margin expansion was huge, off the charts, and gross margin, I think in India is now north of 70%. I just wanted to ask about it in the context, Noel, of your focus on balanced growth.  Again, India is a small market, but when I think about some of your other big emerging market businesses that should be faster growers over the long term, I think, to help you meet your long-term growth algorithm, at what point do you say, wow, a 70% gross margin in an emerging market business is too high? Are there other countries where margins have really been exploding like that? It just struck me as kind of a surprise in the numbers, and I wondered if there was something more to it in terms of how you think about balancing top line versus bottom line growth over the longer term.
Noel Wallace: Yes, thanks Wendy. Listen, India is a very important market for us. We were very pleased with the rebound in the growth that we saw in the back half of 2020. Given some of the COVID issues experienced in the first quarter leading to lockdowns at the back end of that quarter and into the second quarter, generating a 7% organic in the third and just shy of 10% organic in the fourth, we think is just a terrific performance. Again, coming back to the strategy, India is very focused, likewise given the strong oral care business we have, on premiumizing that marketplace, and weve launched premium SKUs in Vedshakti, which is our new naturals position. Weve continued to improve on the learning were seeing coming out of the naturals segment, which is an important growth opportunity for us. Weve launched new adjacencies, new pulling oil mouth sprays in the market with anti-bacterial benefits, which have been terrific, so were looking at ways to continue to premiumize that business and move pricing up at the same time, which youve seen. I talked about it just earlier, the core renovations that weve had. A big part of the India business is their core anti-cavity business, and weve had a significant re-launch underway for the better part of a year now on the core anti-cavity business, which allowed us to get pricing up as well as drive significant superiority into that product in terms of a consumer benefit. The third would be the revenue growth management aspects that were starting to deploy with a lot more discipline and learning, and weve got more work to do certainly in emerging markets but weve seen great response from the teams getting behind opportunities to look at our promotional spend, specifically price-side architecture and looking for opportunities to drive more margin into the business.  Overall, I think that the focus there is good top line growth - youve seen it in the organic, and strategically we think weve got some opportunities to continue to accelerate there. The comparisons get a little bit easier in the first half. Well obviously have difficult comps more in the back half given what I just stated, but we think the strategy is working and the investment that were putting into that market, as you saw from the release yesterday, is delivering. 
Operator: Thank you, and our next question will come from Chris Carey with Wells Fargo Securities.
Chris Carey: Hi, good morning. I think you mentioned that toothpaste is running maybe 300, 400 basis points below historicals from a promotional standpoint. Youre probably seeing even lower promotional levels in home care categories. I guess--and maybe Im reading too much into it, but it sounded to me like you think that these lower promo levels can potentially hold going into 2021 and maybe even beyond. Maybe for 2021 but also just higher level, did you learn something in 2020 about how much promotion is actually needed to drive growth in your categories, and do you think that these lower levels of promotion can potentially sustain longer term?
Noel Wallace: Yes, thank you. Again, based on how retailers are looking and how were partnering with retailers to grow category growth, were looking to optimize category by value, and weve had a lot more time to spend analyzing how promotion effectiveness is delivering that. Certainly as foot traffic has come down, some of the retailers havent pushed more aggressive promotions, but as I mentioned, the promotional levels are slightly below where they were historically - three points, and my sense is post-COVID, you might see those return to normalization, back to the levels that we had historically, but that will be determined. This is an emerging market issue more than anything and the developing--excuse me, developed market issue. In the developing part of the world or in emerging markets, we havent seen substantive changes there relative to what weve seen historically, so I think what retailers and manufacturers are looking for, how do we continue to drive growth in the categories, everyone is recognizing that innovation is the catalyst to do that, and obviously as things have normalized more around COVID and the demand issues in some of those categories, theyre looking to get back to strategic growth opportunities longer term, and thats where the innovation comes into play and well continue to bring that to them. So were being disciplined on it, the revenue growth management is having some impact on that, obviously, where were starting to pull away from promotions that dont deliver quality into the category and deliver quality into the P&L for us and our retailers, and youve seen some of that obviously in that number that I mentioned. But by and large, well probably see things normalize in the back of the year. Weve planned for that, but again our focus right now is on bringing real value to the categories through premium innovation and re-launching our core businesses in certain parts of the world, which drives real value to the category.
Operator: Thank you, and our next question will come from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: Hey, good morning folks, and welcome Stan. Thank you for sliding me in. At the risk of being chastised by Mr. Faucher later today, Im going to try to sneak in two quick questions, one tactical and one bigger picture. First on tactical, you mentioned December retail load, you mentioned your comps [indiscernible] quarter pantry stocking, expectation of a bit more of a back half-weighted EM growth story. Should we be braced for a more sluggish start to the year? Thats the tactical question. And bigger picture, ecomm growth, you talked about it a few times. Can you quantify what it is as a percentage of your sales today, how it compares to where you were before, and how, if at all, youre re-imagining your marketing and media approach in the wake of the shift? Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Sure. I think the tactical question, where do we see categories evolving first half versus second half 2021, I think youre going to see--obviously we saw some of the sluggishness in December in the categories. Youve heard that from others who have announced, and thats quite frankly not unexpected. I mean, I think when you see the ongoing way of unemployment, the delays in stimulus, but more importantly moving into the holiday season--and again Im talking U.S. here, moving into the holiday season, people obviously prioritizing their consumption against other necessities at that time. January, the categories have started to come back slightly, so were not terribly concerned. The behavior changes that weve seen in the categories, whether its liquid hand soap, dish liquid or cleaners, I think are there to stay for while, Jason. Well see those, at least from a liquid hand soap standpoint, stay there for the medium and long term. Obviously as people move back into offices and move away from home, youll see the impact on dish liquids and APCs, but remember those three categories arent a significant percentage of our overall sales. Well see the categories, I think, sustain at higher levels in 2019, probably slightly lower than 20 as we stated in the first half, and then normalize in the back half. Coming to ecommerce, again a very deliberate focus for us. As I mentioned in my comments, one, bringing in talent from outside, training and developing our commercial organization to understand how to execute a lot more flawlessly in ecommerce, and it requires a lot more effort to do that. The sophistication of dealing effectively in ecommerce is very different, and as you look at the sophistication that we brought to the indirect trade over the last 15 to 20 years, its that same level of focus that were bringing to the online world now, both from a digital standpoint and from an ecommerce standpoint.  The growth was over 50% in the fourth quarter. Obviously as John mentioned, we exited the year with ecommerce at double-digit percentage of our total sales in the company, and youve seen strategically in the key markets where we have focused and where ecommerce has become more prevalent, i.e. China, the U.S. and Hills, youve seen us obviously driving share, getting the right innovation into that channel, understanding the analytics and learning from that, and building on that momentum. We see that as a continued growth opportunity, but were going to be where consumers are shopping and well see those shifts as we go throughout the year, but the important part for us is that our share is still slightly below our general market share in ecommerce where we get share, which is in not very many places, so wed know direction and we still have more upside growth to be had there.
Operator: Our next question will come from Bill Chappell with Truist Securities.
Bill Chappell: Thanks, good morning. If you look back at 2020, just trying to understand, especially for the pet business or for Hills, as well as the total business, what type of comparison do you think in terms of--it seems like on the oral care any stockpiling that was done in March and April was kind of de-loaded in the later months, and so on a full-year basis the comps arent really that different. Is that fair? Then on pet, I dont have a good idea just because vet centers were closed, so didnt know if you felt like the business ran at full capacity throughout the year, at 85% capacity. Just trying to understand as were looking at the growth for 2021, what comps you really see.
Noel Wallace: Sure, let me take the toothpaste one first. As I mentioned, broadly the categories were sluggish in the first half, started to come back a little bit in the back half of the year, and as we accelerated our innovation pace and our advertising, we saw obviously our shipments accelerate in the back half on oral care, particularly in toothpaste. As we look to comp that next year, well see how the behavior transpires in the first half of this year. The key is weve got strong innovation, as I mentioned, both coming out of 2020 as well as a first half innovation pipeline, that we think is good, so well see what happens. But again, the message here is understanding the behavior shifts is obviously extraordinarily difficult and very different from market to market around the world. Obviously the U.S. being an important part of our toothpaste business, weve seen sluggishness there. Strong pipeline, as you talked about pantry in Q1, but we saw that come out and were starting to see a more balanced approach and more normal approach in terms of consumption moving forward, but our focus is to accelerate that category with the innovation that were bringing. Hills, obviously the comps were difficult last year. We comped those with strong growth this year, so if I come back to the Hills strategy, again its about how do we continue to deliver solid category growth for our partners. Were doing that with obviously the premiumization of the category. Were bringing great new products into the segment, we were pleased to see the prescription diet business start to come back, which I think is representative of a couple aspects on that business which is, one, were seeing people return back to veterinarians and the prescription diet business benefiting from that - our Hills to Home initiative has certainly helped that. Obviously the balanced growth were seeing across geographies, more so than just the U.S. which has been terrific, a strong performance in Europe this year, again both on the base business as well as prescription diet, so we see that obviously moving forward into 2021. The comps are difficult to be sure, but again remember this is a business with really low brand awareness and low brand penetration, and a great, great product offering, so as we get the balance right in terms of our digital spending focused on those growth opportunities that we see and the innovation that were bringing, both in the prescription on the Science Diet side, we see obviously the ability to continue to lap those comparisons that weve had this year. The category continues to be strong, between 3% and 5% growth depending on where you are in the world, and obviously the new channels that were experiencing growth, specifically ecommerce continue to deliver on that. So again, I think the right level of premiumization, the right channel focus, the right focus on continuing to invest in a business, which youll see in 2021, to drive brand awareness and bringing science-based nutrition to the category, which I think is positioned well based on how consumers are behaving. Comps are tough and we realize that, but we think weve got good plans in place for 2021.
Operator: Thank you, and our next question will come from Kamil Jagrulla [ph] with Credit Suisse.
Kamil Jagrulla: Hi guys, good morning. It wasnt that long ago, I guess, we were talking about local brands in many of these emerging markets taking share, and it sounds like those share losses have abated, but also if maybe you can provide some context on whats happened competitively in some of those markets today - you know, did they make it through--are they just as a competitive as they were, did they make it through the pandemic? Obviously you just talked about how trends in many of those markets have slowed and a whole set of other complexities where perhaps you were able to survive in a much better position than them. If you can just give some context on whats happening in some of those major markets, thatd be helpful.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Listen - youve heard it, I think from others, there has been a return to big brands over the course of COVID, and obviously the importance of health and hygiene and trust played into that resurgence, and ultimately as consumers move back into stores and you get the benefit of displays, you will see perhaps some of the local brands reorient themselves and get some benefit of that. But if you look at the online world, obviously the big players have really figured out how to target more effectively, how to spend in the right mediums, which was historically a space that local brands and some of the insurgent brands were taking, and so over time local brands will always be a threat, but I think as youve seen through COVID, a resurgence to big brand trust and reputation, and obviously as we continue to bring a strong innovation pipeline to reward those consumers who have come into the franchise and continue to deliver against their expectations, we feel good about the movements moving forward. But I would say we never want to count local brands out. We continue to keep them very much at the forefront of our strategy and look at them very, very carefully in terms of how theyre orienting themselves locally, based on the insights required to win, and we feel like the innovation structure that weve put in place around the world in terms of our focus on H1, H2 and H3 and being more local where required, will hopefully address those increasing challenges that well see as foot traffic increases in the back half.
Operator: Thank you, and our next question comes from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank.
Steve Powers: Thanks. Hey guys, good morning. Noel, I wanted to hear a little bit more around your expected gross margin drivers into 21, obviously off a very strong 2020. Can you pull apart those puts and takes that John started talking about at the beginning any further? My real question underneath that is John had laid out a couple of caveats - raw materials, inflation, and others - as potentially pressuring gross profit progression as the year progresses, but it didnt sound like you expected those would be severe enough to actually turn gross margins negative year-over-year, but more simply just govern the expansion. Is that the right read, or does the lower end of your EPS guidance range actually allow for a scenario where gross margins face some actual contraction if some of those uncertainties break the wrong way? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Yes, thanks Steve. Again, let me walk through perhaps the margin roll forward on the quarter and the year. Obviously we delivered coming out of the third quarter with a 60.2 margin, we delivered 130 of pricing benefit to the margin funding the growth, which was 280 basis points, and you saw the acceleration in raw materials give us a headwind of 320 on the quarter, but ultimately we were able to deliver 90 gross margin points of growth in the quarter and on the year it was 130, with headwinds of around 230 on the year. I think the important aspect here is good back half pricing that we generated across all of our markets, and that back half will obviously roll through to help compensate some of the increases that well see in 2021. Now that being said, raw materials are running slightly ahead of what we anticipated for the year in 2021, so we need to ensure obviously that we get that pricing to hold, which we will do our best to do. We need to continue to bring premium innovation into the market. We need to continue to focus on the strong funding to growth and the productivity that we have in the P&L to ensure that if raw materials grow even further, were able to compensate that in the market. The volatility weve seen on raw materials over the years, again it puts us in a place to reorient our focus around getting the innovation in the market, getting the productivity and the revenue growth management initiated, but I think the good story that we have, at least were in a position where we took strong back half advertising--excuse me, strong back half pricing in order to help us deliver a flow-through of that into the first half. But again, thats based on the current rates that were seeing. Well see how that behaves over the next couple of months. Were mindful of that, we feel good about our ability to deliver the gross margin expansion, but based on the current input costs that we have and the current spot rates that were seeing on foreign exchange. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: Great, thanks. Good morning. I was curious about M&A, and actually more specifically the strategy with regard to premium skin, because with your core and organic strategies - you know, investments working presumably so well and building momentum from here with all the advertising support and innovation youve got, I was just curious about the role that premium skin will play going forward. I think at the time to me, when you started building that out, it felt a little bit like trying to look for another leg to the stool as things were a bit slower in the core business. I was just wondering how that fits together looking forward, again with the success youve having on the core.
Noel Wallace: Yes, thanks Lauren. Listen, skin continues to be a really exciting category for us long term. You look at the demographics globally, you look at the economics of that category and you look at where we have made careful choices on where to compete, particularly around professional skin health, so we like the dynamics of the category strategically. Obviously post the acquisitions, we ran into a significant headwind related to COVID, particularly with foot traffic starting in derm offices, foot traffic basically coming to a halt in spas, foot traffic obviously related to travel retail coming to a halt in 2020, so we started to see importantly in the fourth quarter this year, we started to see growth back in those categories, which is terrific. Weve spent the year, Lauren, and this is a real benefit, I think, to the quality of the performance we had this year, we spent the year investing behind those businesses. We werent taking cost out; we were looking to optimize the cost, we were looking to build more capabilities in those businesses, so we had the benefit of spending behind those brands and capabilities to set ourselves up for obviously what we would expect to see a return to growth in those categories, particularly coming out of COVID, likely in the back half. But as John mentioned, we saw some growth of those businesses in the fourth quarter, which was terrific, and we think weve set ourselves up relative to seeing those businesses deliver good, sustainable growth for us longer term, and it continues to be a real strategic growth opportunity for us in the long run, hence the reason why we decided to invest in those specific areas that we think give us a unique opportunity to add value to and drive incremental growth in the longer term.  But again, businesses that were severely impacted based on COVID, but again giving us the opportunity to truly understand and build capabilities that we think, long term, those categories will perform quite well.
Operator: Thank you, and our next question will come from Robert Ottenstein from Evercore.
Robert Ottenstein: Great, thank you very much. I was wondering if you could drill down on the China oral care business. You made a lot of improvements with Darlie and with ecommerce, both with Colgate and Darlie, so maybe an update of where you are with that; and then if I remember right, the challenge was getting Colgate going on the brick and mortar channel, so maybe an update on all those issues. Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Again, this was a complete re-look at our strategy in China over the last year. As we alluded to, we expected performance in 2019 to improve in the back half based on those strategies, which it did. We obviously had the significant impact from COVID in the first and second quarters in China, which impacted the business, and weve seen the business obviously respond quite well in the back half of this year, in line with the expectations that we have. Our particular focus was around building our go-to-market out differently, specifically with relates to how we want to think about innovation in the online world, which has now become a pretty significant part of that business in China, and pleasingly we have seen shares grow nicely online - again, I think a testament to a reorientation behind premium innovation.  An interesting index for you - pre-COVID or pre-the re-launch strategy in China, our indexes were running around 80% in the online world versus the category, so 20% below the category. Coming out of COVID and into the fourth quarter, our indexes are now running north of 110% to the category on average, so again clear, focused orientation around premiumizing our business, delivering online premium innovation like the Miracle Repair line, like some of the focus that weve done in electric toothbrushes have allowed us to really drive the pricing in that category, which has driven incremental value share. Now, the brick and mortar continues to be a bit soft on the Colgate side, quite strong on the Darlie side. Again, the Colgate side is against the significant changes weve made in some of our go-to-market thats taking a little bit more time and obviously impacted by the fact that foot traffic in China was down quite significantly, particularly in hypers and supers as consumers moved online as a result of both behavior change and COVID.  Overall, pleased with the progress that were making in China, pleased with the go-to-market changes that are starting to take hold, and encouraged by the early signs of growth momentum in ecommerce and our ability to deliver product innovation digitally in a more effective way.
Operator: Thank you, and our final question will come from Mark Astrachan with Stifel.
Mark Astrachan: Thanks and good morning everybody. I guess I wanted to ask you maybe a bigger picture question to end here. Overall EBIT margin is down a bit in recent years - I think you ended 2020 around where you were in 2012 or so, but sales have obviously accelerated, so how do you think about the give and take here? Can EBIT margin go back to where it was pre-2019, and if so, how do you think about contribution by line item - you know, gross margin, can that expand realistically from here, SG&A? Is ad spend, which is now above where it was a couple of years ago, at the right level, is it too high, too low? If you can just give some bigger picture thoughts there, thatd be helpful, please.
Noel Wallace: Sure. First of all, growing operating margin long term starts with obviously delivering sustained top line growth, and thats been our focus, and revenue is the best creator of operating leverage. Secondly, we have many levers that we use to drive growth, and youve heard me talk about quite a few of those today - obviously premiumization efforts, which drive more leverage through the P&L, our revenue growth management efforts which translate right through the P&L as well, you saw the examples I talked about in big markets like Brazil which are certainly bearing fruit, the personal care and home care leverage that weve seen obviously in those categories, and as we expect oral care to re-accelerate, it will drive more leverage through the P&L.  Obviously funding the growth and productivity is a real focus for us. Great funding the growth in the back half of 2020, a real dialed-up orientation behind some opportunities particularly around our supply chain and looking at our supply chain differently to drive more efficiency of that moving forward, which we think will translate into more leverage.  The real cause of that--of your point there was obviously an acceleration in our spending and increased logistics costs, which impacted a bit on the leverage, and those logistics costs, we hope will subside in the back half. Were looking at ways to continue to optimize our warehousing and freight services around the world and very focused on finding opportunities to be more efficient there, but the key driver of it is again investing for the long term health of this business and putting advertising into categories and key geographies where were seeing real return on growth, as I mentioned particularly Hills, the U.S., China, as well as India.  So overall, well see that leverage come through, but our focus right now is delivering operating margin growth through the top line and continuing to accelerate gross margins to allow us to spend behind the business, so overall its about growth and well see that leverage come through as we continue to deliver that.
Operator: Thank you, and at this time well turn the conference over to Mr. Wallace and presenters for any final or closing remarks. 
Noel Wallace: Yes, thanks. Again, a strong quarter, pleasing to see obviously the broad-based growth we had on the business, and very pleased around the capability building and how were thinking about the business and the changes that we made throughout 2020. Again, to all Colgate people who are really behind this success, thank you for your commitment to our values and our purpose. Thank you for everything that youve done. Im deeply grateful for your commitment to the business and always optimistic that the way we work together, were going to continue to build a healthier future for all. Thanks everyone. Stay safe, and well talk to you soon.
Operator: That does conclude todays teleconference. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-30 10:20:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to todays Colgate-Palmolive Company Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgatepalmolive.com. Now, for opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to Chief Investor Relations Officer, John Faucher. Please go ahead.
John Faucher: Thanks, Amanda. Good morning, and welcome to our third quarter earnings release conference call. This is John Faucher, Chief Investor Relations Officer. Today's conference call will include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from these statements. Please refer to the earnings press release and our most recent filings with the SEC, including our 2019 Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings, all available on Colgate's Web site for a discussion of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these statements. This conference call will also include a discussion of non-GAAP financial measures, including those identified in tables 8 and 9 of the earnings press release. A full reconciliation to the corresponding GAAP financial measures is included in the earnings press release and is available on Colgate's Web site. Joining me on the call this morning are Noel Wallace, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Henning Jakobsen, Chief Financial Officer. I will provide commentary on our Q3 performance and full year guidance before turning it over to Noel for his thoughts on how we are planning to sustain our growth momentum into 2021. We will then open it up for Q&A. As usual, we request that you limit yourselves to one question, so that as many people as possible get to ask a question. If you have further questions, you are welcome to reenter the queue. We delivered very strong results in the third quarter consistent with our focus on generating sustainable profitable growth. We delivered both volume and pricing growth. We delivered growth in all four of our categories; oral care, personal care, home care and pet nutrition. And we delivered organic sales growth in every division. Developed markets organic sales growth was 6.5% and emerging markets organic sales growth was 8.5%. The choices we have made in terms of revamping our innovation processes, continuing to drive our digital transformation and investing in our brands are paying off. And as Noel will discuss, we have further opportunities ahead of us. Importantly, this growth is driving our P&L. Our ability to expand our growth margins helped us deliver a double digit percentage increase in base business earnings per share despite continued increased investment in advertising, negative foreign exchange, cost associated with the COVID crisis and headwind from higher logistics costs. Our net sales grew 5.5% in the quarter. Organic sales growth of 7.5% was driven by 3% organic volume growth and the 4.5% increase in pricing. The acquisitions of Filorga, Hello and the Nigerian joint venture added an additional 200 basis points to volume growth, while foreign exchange was a 4% headwind. Our gross profit margin was 61.2%, up 220 basis points year-over-year on both the GAAP and a base business basis. On a base business basis, this was our best year-over-year performance in several years. For the third quarter, pricing was 170 basis points favorable to gross margins while raw materials were a 230 basis point headwind, driven by increases in raw materials like fats and oils and the transactional impact from foreign exchange. Productivity was a 250 basis point benefit, while other was plus 30 basis points. On a GAAP basis, our SG&A was up 20 basis points as a percent of sales. On a base business basis, our SG&A was up 90 basis points on a percent of sales basis driven by a 70 basis point increase in advertising for sales as our advertising spending was up 13% year-over-year on an absolute basis, and by a moderate increase in logistics costs as a percent of sales, as we work to meet heightened demand due to COVID-19. On a GAAP basis, our operating profit was up 19% year-over-year, while it was up 11% on a base business basis. Our EPS was up 21% on a GAAP basis and up 11% on a base business basis. We continue to deliver free cash flow growth in the quarter, up 5% year-over-year and up 29% year-to-date. We resumed share repurchases during the quarter as well. And now I have a few comments on our divisional performance. North America delivered strong growth in the quarter, driven by a combination of pricing and volume growth. Oral care growth was driven by toothpaste and improved performance in toothbrushes, aided by the launch of our hum by Colgate electric brush later in the quarter. The focus on premium innovation like hum by Colgate, Colgate Optic White Renewal toothpaste, and the Colgate Optic White Overnight Teeth Whitening Pen helped to drive strong pricing growth in oral care. Our personal care and home care businesses continue to benefit from COVID-related demand, particularly in liquid hand soap and dish soap, although our skin health businesses were a drag on growth in the quarter. Overall, we are seeing promotional levels in our categories returning to normal, and we have planned for that to continue going forward. We were very pleased with our performance in Latin America in the third quarter. Latin American net sales were down 5% in the quarter as 2% volume growth and 9.5% pricing growth were offset by significant foreign exchange headwinds. We delivered organic sales growth in every hub in the division, including strong growth in Mexico and Brazil. Volume performance for the division improved sequentially as we return to a more normalized promotional cadence due to higher consumer foot traffic. And we saw benefits from a strong innovation calendar and increased demand for personal and home care products due to COVID. Our innovation in naturals and whitening across the division is helping to drive premiumization in toothpaste as part of our revenue growth management strategy. Our Protex brand is benefiting from heightened consumer interest in antibacterial products, the re-launch of Protex with the new flaxseed oil formula, and the entry into new segments with products like Protex Face in Brazil. Protex is a great example of driving growth in both the core and in higher growth adjacent segments. Europe delivered double digit net sales growth in the quarter. Organic sales growth at 3% was primarily driven by volume growth, as retail foot traffic improved and slightly positive pricing. Net sales also benefited from the inclusion of Filorga and favorable foreign exchange. Organic sales growth benefited from strong performance in personal care, driven by COVID-related demand and strength of the Sanex brand behind Sanex Zero% and Sanex Dermo product line. Oral care performance improved sequentially as we saw less pantry destocking and also through increased brand support. We returned to net sales growth in Asia Pacific in the third quarter. Organic sales growth of 4.5% was driven by a mixture of volume and pricing growth. The organic sales growth was driven by our biggest hubs, with Greater China, India and South Pacific all growing year-over-year. Our Colgate China business continues to benefit from the premium innovation Noel had talked about at the Barclays Conference in September, while our South Pacific business delivered continued strong performance through COVID-related demand and innovation. Africa/Eurasia also returned to net sales growth in the quarter, as mid-single digit volume and pricing growth were only partially offset by a low-double digit foreign exchange headwind. Organic growth was broad based, with growth in all three categories and across every hub. Turkey continues to benefit from strong growth across all categories. Hills once again delivered stellar results with double digit net and organic sales growth led by the U.S., Europe, Australia and Canada. Higher consumer demand in e-commerce continues to be a significant driver of growth, although brick and mortar growth in the U.S. improved sequentially in the third quarter as foot traffic increased. Sales continues to benefit from increased brand support, which is driving higher brand awareness and market share gains on our wellness products. The pet channel remains subdued due to COVID headwinds. The prescription diet sales growth was robust, given the shift to e-commerce. And now Ill move to guidance. We are providing annual guidance despite the fact that rising case rates are rising in many of our markets. We still believe the government actions to control the spread of COVID-19 are the biggest risk to delivering on our financial plan. And shutdowns, like we saw in China and India earlier in the year, meaning significant impacts to our ability to manufacture and distribute our products are not built into our forecast. I want to note that we will not be providing any discussion of 2021 guidance at this time. We expect net sales to be at mid-single digits for the year. Organic sales are expected to be up at the high end of mid-single digits. Foreign exchange is expected to be a mid-single digit headwind for the year with current spot rates putting us towards the lower end of that range. We expect gross margin expansion for the full year and advertising as a percent of sales is expected to be up for the year with an even larger increase in advertising year-over-year in the fourth quarter. On a GAAP basis, our tax rate is expected to be in the range of 21.5% to 22%. On a base business basis, our tax rate is expected to be in the range of 23.5% to 24%. Our share repurchase plans remain unchanged as we plan for less benefit from share repurchase this year, as we pay down debt. On a GAAP basis, we expect earnings per share to be up double digits. On a base business basis, we would expect earnings per share to be up 6% to 7%. And now, I'll turn it over to Noel.
Noel Wallace: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. I hope everyone is doing well and staying safe. I'll keep my comments quite brief this morning so we have plenty of time to get to the Q&A. Clearly, we're pleased with the results in Q3 and obviously the progress we've made throughout the year. I think the results speak to the tremendous work of Colgate people and our partners when you think about it from our labs, to the production lines, to our DCs, to getting product in stores, and the incredible work our teams are doing working virtually all over the world. In that regard, our teams continue to show incredible strength. Their compassion for driving the business forward, the collaboration they're showing and importantly, the discipline and professionalism behind the strategy is clearly reflected in the results. So my immense gratitude from all of us to the teams on the ground and their families. So John summarized the results I think quite well. And because the quarter, to some extent, speaks for itself, I'll keep my comments quite brief again, and I'll focus on where we're going next. You've heard me say many times that our growth mindset is really about delivering sustainable, profitable growth and you clearly saw that. While the trends related to COVID have certainly boosted our sales, organic sales growth turnaround was well on its way as we headed into 2020. So as we look at 2021 and beyond, we'll continue to evolve our strategies to deliver this type of growth that you expect and obviously, growth that drive superior shareholder value. To that point, I want to expand on three areas this morning; revamping our innovation process, you've heard me talk about that quite a bit, our digital transformation, which is well underway and then clearly investing differently to build our brands in the current environment.  So first, let me start off by revamping our innovation process. You will recall, we talked quite a bit about that at Barclays and we focused on delivering that strategy through the quarter. It's about delivering transformative and disruptive innovation across our entire portfolio. So to do this, we need to become less reliant on line extensions and by pursuing innovations that really build incremental category growth and market share gains, which is ultimately vital for us to continue to drive gross margin. And we see incredible opportunities, quite frankly, across the mega trends all over the world that we're seeing on the ground. Naturals and sustainability to give an example, the urbanization that we're seeing in big markets, aging population in developed markets, or younger population and per capita consumption opportunities in developing countries and clearly the rapid growth and channel focus that we have, as we've seen channel expansions, particularly in e-commerce and pharmacy for us. But you can imagine these demands new skill sets and new incentives, new structures and new processes to get it right. We brought an outside talent to help us change how we think about innovation, and we're really encouraged by the risk taking and collaboration that the teams are showing. We're encouraged by the new financial models and approach they're taking to innovation and empowering our teams importantly on the ground to take action. So not surprisingly, Colgate people are clearly stepping up and embracing the change that we're trying to implement. In the last six months, we've launched the Hum Smart toothbrush, the Miracle Repair toothpaste line and serums, the Colgate Optic White Whitening Pen and the Hills Science Diet Perfect Digestion just to give you a few examples of that. John mentioned Protex, another great example of how we're changing the way we innovate. While it's a brand you're probably less familiar with, it has a strong antibacterial skin health credential. Before COVID, we felt the segment was becoming highly commoditized and overly promotional, and we were highly dependent on line extensions. So what did we do? We focused on real differentiation for the brand. We re-launched the entire core line of Protex bar soap through the flaxseed-based antibacterial formula. That flaxseed oil boosts your natural skin defenses, which is a really interesting idea in the current environment, particularly in Brazil and has truly differentiated us in this environment and we think positions us well for growth moving forward. We also at the same time launched a line of Protex face products, which is positioned in the premium anti-acne segment, a high growth adjacency for sure and we're driving incremental sales, share and margin for the brand with that innovation. So while in the short term we're benefiting from some of the COVID-related demand in this space, I believe this innovation leaves us well positioned to continue to drive incremental category growth and share for our business. So next, we're continuing to drive our digital transformation. You've heard me talk a lot about that over the last six to nine months. And we're making great progress. So what do I mean when I talk about digital? It's about changing how we work every day across the company. Weve discussed our move to SAP S/4HANA, which is allowing us now to analyze our business all over the world effectively with one global standard. We're also now installing new systems to accelerate our revenue growth management efforts. It's about changing how we interact as well with our customers and consumers. Were generating much better insights through data and analytics, which allows us to better understand the consumer path to purchase. As an example, in Hills from pet adoption to the first vet visits into their ability to buy product ultimately in store. So really understanding that entire journey is allowing us to drive far more growth and efficiencies with our media and as well as with our partners. It's about changing how we execute our communication as well. We're improving our digital marketing through programmatic media buying, to more personalized content and we're doing testing that allows us to more accurately predict the effectiveness of our media driving higher ROI in the end. So starting small and scaling rapidly is a big mindset that we've adopted in our digital strategy. Channel wise, the biggest beneficiary of our digital media investments is clearly e-commerce and we're developing much more sophisticated content to draw attention, increase consideration for our brands, ultimately secure the purchase and importantly, earn loyalty for our brands going forward. And that's driving share gains in key markets, particularly in the U.S. and in China as we've increased our investment in that area. We'll also continue to build the digital muscle across the entire enterprise. That's really important for us. And if you think about marketing to a consumer on Amazon or Alibaba, it's not the same or marketing to a consumer on Tesco.com or through the last milers [ph] in Latin America. This is where the focus on deeply understanding the consumer journey will truly pay off for us. So we need to make sure we build flexibility into our model and win across all the different platforms. While e-commerce requires some specialization, and we brought in the talent to do that, we need to ensure that we have training across the entire organization to raise the skill level to ensure that we build that muscle for the long term. I talked about innovation and I've talked about our digital transformation, so let me talk a little bit about brand investment. Were spending behind ideas now and capabilities that will broaden the growth in our portfolio in terms of the brands, the categories, likewise the channels which we just spoke about, and the geographies. Our innovation will be more successful if we invest in marketing that lets consumers know what's truly different, and we're very focused on that. We'll also win in e-commerce if were more consistently at the top of the first page and delivering the right personalized content. In our revenue growth management strategy in driving premiumization will also be more successful if our advertising clearly demonstrates our products are delivering excellent value. And well continue to keep Colgate as the most penetrated brand in the world at over 60% of households by consistently keeping our brand top of mind and preferred. So these changes I've discussed today are already helping us deliver the better results that you've seen throughout the year. The success of Optic White renewal we talked about is a great example of pairing the right innovation with the right digital strategy with increased brand levels of support. The Hill's Science Diet re-launched has fueled a lot of the growth at Hills, likewise a good example of that. So all these efforts are paying off for us as we head into 2021 and building the momentum throughout the year. And we believe that well continue to drive the growth, particularly as we build those skill sets across the organization for the longer term. So before we move into the Q&A, I want to offer a word about our announcement this morning that Stan Sutula will be joining the company on November 9 as our Chief Financial Officer. Stan joins us from Pitney Bowes and previously IBM and brings a wealth of experience in finance and strategy to this role. We're excited to welcome Stan to Colgate and think his experience in building technology-related businesses will add a tremendous value to our digital transformation well underway. Henning Jakobsen will retire from Colgate on December 31 and we are grateful that he's going to stay with us to ensure a smooth transition with Stan throughout the balance of the year before returning to his family in Denmark. Hennings been with us for 25 years and the service to our company has been exceptional. Henning has served in a number of general management and finance roles throughout the globe. Hennings contributed too much to Colgate not just in the finance function as an executive but also a thoughtful business leader across the leadership team. Most recently, he has been instrumental in our efforts to drive organizational efficiency. I especially want to thank him for his help in my transition to CEO over the past few years. And behalf of all of us at Colgate, we wish him and his family all the best. And with that, I'll open it up to questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. We will take our first question from Dara Mohsenian from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Dara Mohsenian: Hi. Good morning.
Noel Wallace: Good morning, Dara.
Dara Mohsenian: So corporate pricing was very strong in the quarter, really the best result we've seen in a decade. Latin America is strong in the second straight quarter [indiscernible] improved sequentially. So two parts to the question. A, just short term, can you give us a sense for how much of that strength is due more to list price increases that are more enduring versus short-term changes in promotional cadence and what you're seeing on promotion from a competitive standpoint? But really, Noel, I was interested more in the longer term and taking a step back and thinking about pricing as a strategic lever. It does seem pretty audacious the level of pricing you took in Latin America during the pandemic and obviously volumes seems to have held up well. You can argue thats the case globally also. So sort of kudos for the success, but help us understand what's enabling the higher pricing and if the recent success emboldens you at all in terms of how you think about pricing and your approach going forward?
Noel Wallace: Yes. Thanks, Dara. Let me take the  obviously, a two-part question. The short term, easy to answer. Obviously, as we've seen significant foreign exchange, we have consistently communicated externally that the important objective of our general managers on the ground is recouping the transactional impacts of foreign exchange. And whats particularly pleasing, as you pointed out, is Latin America following strong pricing in the second quarter at 9% delivered another 9% pricing in the third quarter in parallel with getting volume back into the business. So, again, I think a great result to see the volume coming back in Latin America, behind two quarters of strong pricing and obviously delivering the margin that was required to sustain the higher advertising levels in that division, which is certainly playing out. So short term, it was a combination of list and promotional pricing to a certain extent, but very much a lot of the revenue growth management discipline that we're putting in place around the world. And Latin America, as an example, has done an exceptional job as has Europe, as has Asia in bringing in competencies to ensure that our teams on the ground are really digging deep into our promotional spending and working together with our trade partners to find ways to drive both category and revenue for ourselves. And I'm particularly encouraged with some of the analytics coming out of the revenue growth management teams around the world. And you're seeing some of the short-term benefits of that, and that will clearly play out for the longer term. So if I take a step back now on the longer-term question, listen, getting a pricing into the P&Ls and in the categories is a critical initiative for us. We will continue to find ways to do that with the mechanisms that we have through revenue growth management. Obviously, list price is one of them. But long term, we continue to see opportunities to get pricing up in the markets. We've long talked about the under index of Colgate toothpaste portfolio. We still have an opportunity to drive a lot more premiumization there. You've heard us talk quite consistently about the importance of premiumization across our innovation pipelines and a lot of the innovation that we put into the market in the third quarter, likewise, was very premium-based. I used the example of Protex acne, the acne line in Brazil, all premium priced. We launched the Whitening Pen in the U.S. premium priced; Optic White Renewal, lower ounces but very premium priced as well. So again, I think as the long-term strategy, we continue to find pricing as a key mechanism within our P&L, and it's obviously integral to the fact that the gross margin expansion you saw in the quarter is allowing us to continue to invest more aggressively behind a quite plentiful pipeline of new products.
Operator: And our next question will come from Andrea Teixeira from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Andrea Teixeira: Thank you. Good morning. Congrats on the results. So if you can help us reconcile the volume growth in basically shipments to fulfill and reset  not reset, but replenish the shelves vis--vis what consumption was? And then on your last comment, Noel, on, for instance, Latin America, how much do you think is premiumization basically mix, vis--vis just plain pricing?
Noel Wallace: Sure. Thanks for the question. Obviously, again  let me take the Latin America question first. The strategy that we've been talking for quite some time is obviously getting the core businesses re-launched that allows us to take pricing, moving into adjacencies and premium brands that allows us to obviously premiumize the category and get more margin growth. Looking at certain channel expansion opportunities, particularly across the pharmacy channel, which allows for more premium therapeutic portfolios to get sold through the consumer base there. So all those elements have helped Latin America, as an example, drive the margin growth, drive the pricing in the quarter and there's no question that that strategy that we've been deployed throughout the year continues to take hold through all the divisions. Let me take the question about replenishment. It really has  it's a function of more the markets where we've seen significant demand in some of our categories. So if I take North America as an example, liquid hand soap, dish continues to be about replenishing the shelves. The demand is in excess of some of the capacity that we had in the third quarter. That's starting to reduce itself as we move into the fourth quarter as we improve our capacity. But we still have some opportunities to replenish shelves. We're still trying to meet some of the excess demand that we have there. But by and large, a good portion of the volume in certain categories only. Now it's not the case in oral care where we're not seeing obviously COVID drive a lot of extra purchases or behavior changes, and we had good volume growth on oral care through the quarter. And again, I think that's a result of the innovation strategy that we're putting in place as well as the increased investment.
Operator: And our next question will come from Wendy Nicholson with Citi. Please go ahead.
Wendy Nicholson: Hi. Good morning. My question is on Hills. Number one, I know you won't give guidance for 2021, but just as we think about kind of underlying trends in that business, I'm just wondering if you can sort of parse out for us how much is being driven by category growth versus market share gains? Because I assume all of those people who have adopted pets during COVID, they're not going to give them up next year. So I'm sort of assuming that the robust category growth will continue. Is there any reason you would disagree with that? And then if you'll indulge me, just because I think it is a big deal, this is the first time we've seen Colgate hire a senior person externally in a while. And I'm just wondering, Noel, as you settle in and you think about sort of the organization and the culture of the company, is this the beginning of maybe more new blood coming into Colgate or was this just a specific value you thought was right for the role of CFO and it's kind of a one-off? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Let me address the Hills questions first. Listen, Hills continues to hit on all cylinders. We've talked a lot about big core renovations, which obviously have played out very nicely. We've talked about the premiumization aspect and going into adjacencies, which continues to be an emerging growth segment if you take the wet side of the business and theyre doing an exceptional job of capitalizing on those trends. We talked about the low brand awareness that Hills has and obviously the significant upside that still exists as we expand or increase our advertising spend to drive relevance to the brand. We talked a lot about the channel expansion opportunities. They've done an exceptional job with e-commerce. All of that is leading to increased market share is when you take the e-commerce shares, when you take brick and mortar shares around the world. All-in-all, we're driving good share growth across that business. You mentioned obviously the pet adoptions are up significantly in the U.S. as a result of COVID. So we think that will obviously bode well for the category moving forward as we move into 2021, and we see the continued acceleration of pet adoptions, particularly in the current environment. So good category growth combined with good shared growth that's driven by an underlying strategy that's very solid. On your second question, listen, we have an opportunity to bring in someone with some really unique experience. We looked obviously at that opportunity very carefully. Particularly someone with Stan's background, the incredible experience he has at IBM as well as the transformation that he was helping drive at Pitney. And as I mentioned in my upfront comments, a big focus for us is really driving our digital transformation across the entire enterprise, not just from a consumer standpoint but how we operate internally, through our back office systems, through the technology that we use through SAP and the things that we're bringing on-stream as we speak and Stan is very well positioned to do that. And we will  as we look for opportunities to continue to elevate our skills as we think about our strategy moving forward, we'll identify candidates on the outside to do that. We've done that in the digital space very, very successfully. We've done that in the e-commerce space very, very successfully. That being said, we have an incredible pipeline of talent in the company. We're developing broad-based skills across the organization and we'll continue to obviously encourage and develop our talent from within, which has been a key success factor for the company for many, many years.
Operator: And next, we will hear from Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jason English: Hi. Good morning, folks. Thanks for slotting me in. Much appreciate it. And Happy Friday too. So congratulations on great results. It's great to see the organic sales growth, gross margins phenomenal and the reinvestment in advertising, its obviously welcome. As we walk through the P&L, we are seeing some more leakage though outside of just advertising in the SG&A, particularly in developed markets. I think in your 10-Q, you're citing overhead inflation as the drag of around 130 bps in Europe, 190 bps in North America. I know Europes been running up all year, but North America looks like a sharp inflection. What's driving that? Is it reinvesting in capabilities? Is it underlying inflation? I wanted to just get some better understanding of where that margin pressure is coming from and how durable it may be?
Noel Wallace: Yes. Listen, as John outlined, a lot of the SG&A increase is obviously largely driven by advertising. We had a little bit of an increase related to COVID-related costs in the quarter, related to some compensation costs in the quarter as well. But overall, we feel the overheads are well under control, well under control around the world. We're making the changes necessary. You mentioned, obviously, we're bringing in some skill sets as we just talked about with Wendy to certainly elevate our game in the digital and e-commerce space. But by and large, obviously the focus right now is continued to drive the gross margin as you saw, keep the overheads where they've been, and we've consistently  we find productivity opportunities in that area and invest behind the business. So, overall, we feel like were in a good place, Jason.
Operator: And next, well hear from Olivia Tong with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Olivia Tong: Great. Thanks. Good morning. Obviously, a lot has happened in the last several months or so since the pandemic started to take hold and youve launched a number of new products as well during that time. But you had already started to talk a lot more about innovation investments before COVID. So Im just kind of curious how the current environment has impacted your longer-term view and your strategy going forward obviously on oral care? But then also pet ownership has increased, so how is that impacting your innovation and your thought process with Hills? And then soaps demand could be higher for quite some time. So just thinking through the innovation strategy and where you plan to spend in the pet given the changes over the last several months? Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Yes. Thanks, Olivia. So, if I go back to Barclays and quite frankly, if I go back to the last 12 to 18 months, we've talked a lot about how we're thinking about innovation and a real concerted effort to organize ourselves both from a structural standpoint as well as the processes and the resource allocation, moving away from those closed-in line extensions to more incremental breakthrough innovation. And that has been very deliberate and a very focused effort across every division in the world and we're starting to see obviously the benefits of that. But the intention is obviously it sets us up for long-term sustainable growth moving forward. If I take the current environment, clearly we have an opportunity to continue to drive premium pricing. And that's why a lot of our innovation, as I mentioned earlier, is on the premium side of the business and we're looking for ways to disrupt the category. We're looking for ways to think about oral health differently than just a toothpaste line extension. And you're starting to see that play out in some of our innovation in the quarter, particularly in North America. Relative to Hills, interesting  obviously the Science Diet re-launch has been a big driver, but they're seeing great benefits coming through with some of the innovation they brought in, in early days on prescription diet with far more therapeutic formulas. Metabolic, as an example, is doing extremely well. And if you take some of the innovation opportunities that we see in the wet segment moving forward, we continue to find ample opportunities to drive growth with that. And as pet adoptions and pet ownership increases and clearly we're seeing the trend in the marketplace, likewise, with a move back to science-based, real biology-based products and that obviously plays very well for the Hills business, both here in North America and around the world. And we have an innovation pipeline that is very, very robust as we look into 2021. The other aspect of that is certainly vet visits are down as a result of mobility issues in the U.S. related to COVID and the traffic is down. Our home is certainly a great innovative idea that we're bringing into that business to continue to allow vets to extend product to their pet owners directly. And we'll see that increase as we move into 2021, particularly as we see more and more traffic move back into the veterinary space going forward.
Operator: And next, we will hear from Kevin Grundy with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Kevin Grundy: Great. Thanks. Good morning everyone and congratulations on the strong results. A question on gross margin with two components to it really, a more near-term aspect as well as a longer-term orientation. So, of course, it was historically good this core quarter. I think it was a high watermark for the company. And we talked about pricing in an earlier question. How did gross margins come in relative to your expectations? Did it beat the Street pretty handily? And I think it was largely on the pricing component as well as funding the growth. And so I'm not asking for guidance, but we have promo picking up, freight costs moving higher, commodities likely less favorable. Even without asking for guidance, how should we be thinking about this line item sort of in the intermediate term? And how is the Colgate company thinking about it? And then longer term, Noel, the 65% gross margin ambition would come up from time to time on these calls. Is that still realistic? Is that a significant priority for the company? And if so, how quickly do you think that you can get there? So thanks for that.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Let me start. Again, take a step back and for us it's very much around focusing on growth. The growth moves through the P&L. We get increased margin dollars into the P&L. Obviously that allows us to support the businesses more consistently and more broadly as we've communicated in this quarter. You've seen four quarters now gross margins in the 60s and sequentially up from quarter-to-quarter. I think that's a result of a couple of things. One, a much deepened focus behind our revenue growth management. We've talked about that quite a bit. Weve talked about the importance of premium pricing and innovation that supports that. And we've talked about our ability to react quickly to extraordinary foreign exchange headwinds, as we've seen, both in Latin America and some of the markets in Africa and Middle East. And getting that into the P&L allows us to really control how we want to manage the business more effectively, how we want to spend the money both from below the line and above the line basis, how we want to look at our promotional strategy? So getting that gives us a tremendous amount of clarity on how we want to evolve in the quarter, and allows us to kind of dictate where we want to spend. Relative to the expectations and obviously the revenue growth management is coming in better than we expected; so a little bit better there. Funding the growth aspect continues to be very, very good. So if I walk through the margin roll forward again for you, we started  if we go back to third quarter last year at 59, we delivered 170 basis points of pricing off of  if you follow that off the second quarter, which was at 130 basis points. So again, solid pricing. But the quality of that pricing, again, to some of the earlier questions was consistent all around the world and by category, which was really nice to see. Funding the growth came in at 250, positive in the quarter offsetting material prices at 230. And obviously, thats a little bit of benefit from a mix, but not a lot. So again, coming down to 61.2, which is one of our  obviously our high point on the margin line, but we want to see that continue to grow. But first and foremost, it's about getting the top line continuing to sustain that healthy growth that you're seeing. That gives us the margin dollars and gives us the leverage. And ultimately, as we implement more discipline around revenue growth management, we take action quickly to offset foreign exchange, we see opportunities to continue to drive margin moving forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Steve Powers: Thanks. Good morning. Can you go a little deeper into what you've seen in Latin America? I guess what's the  I believe were looking for what's the most reassuring across your major markets in that region in the past few months? And what's allowed you to reinstate guidance for the fourth quarter when a quarter ago you didn't feel like you had that same visibility into the third quarter? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: So, listen, we've got one quarter left. Were obviously just finishing up October. And we felt comfortable based on what we're seeing around the world. Obviously, case counts continue to be a real concern and will  inevitably, we could see more lockdowns in core markets around the world. And as a result of that, we want to be very cautious. But we felt pretty comfortable given the line of sight that we have on the business right now. And as a result, we gave guidance for the fourth quarter. We'll come back, as we always do, following the fourth quarter and provide you the necessary thoughts on 2021. But we're not getting ahead of ourselves yet. Right now, we're focused on delivering the fourth quarter and we'll talk 2021 at the appropriate time.
Operator: Your next question will come from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Lauren Lieberman: Great. Thanks. Good morning. Two things, one was just to follow up. You had mentioned freight in passing and I was just curious if you could give just a little bit more color on your outlook for freight in the U.S. and just a relevancy and kind of across the board. And then secondly, more specific to your business was thinking about promotions in the U.S. I think when you'd answered the question though about promotional activity and some of the resources you put in on revenue growth management, you highlighted other markets. In the U.S., Colgate historically has been a heavily promoted brand. So I was wondering to what degree the environment has given you an opportunity to accelerate efforts to kind of bring that down, or if this isn't really the right time, but Im curious on progress on that front in the U.S.? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Thanks, Lauren. Let me take freight first. Freight obviously continues to be somewhat of a headwind, but we saw costs come in marginally better than they came in, in the second quarter. But that being said, a big caveat there is we see increasing case counts around the world that ultimately leads to more disruption along our lanes all around the world. So we're going to be very mindful as we see that unfold in the balance of the year. But so far, we've done a pretty good job in this quarter, mitigating some of the on costs associated with freight and logistics. On your question relative to the U.S., a lot of work on the U.S. around revenue growth management. That's the team that really embraces data and analytics. They've taken it on. I've talked about it I think over the last couple of quarters on how we're being far more disciplined, not only in categories where we're seeing excess demand, but more importantly not chasing a lot of the price promotions that have existed in some of the categories, particularly in toothpaste where we've seen high couponing from some of our competitors. Weve pulled back. We don't necessarily want to go after that consumer as much as we want to go after the premium consumer, which we believe has much more durability for the franchise moving forward. So we've been very mindful on our promotional spend in the quarter. That being said, as consumers come back into stores and store traffic increases, we want to be sure we're there and present. And we have the money in the P&L to adjust accordingly. But by and large, much more disciplined would be the message, RGM really taking on a new level of focus in the U.S., combined with obviously getting the dollar value of price increases that we're seeing through our revenue growth management initiatives playing through the P&L.
Operator: And next, we will hear from Bill Chappell with Truist Securities. Please go ahead.
Bill Chappell: Thanks. Good morning.
Noel Wallace: Good morning.
Bill Chappell: Noel, can you just talk a little bit more about kind of what you're seeing on consumer habits, and presumably people aren't washing their hands or maybe even brushing their teeth as much as they were in March and April, and didn't know if you've seen that kind of flatten out to certainly an elevated level. And in that same line, since you gave fourth quarter guidance, what would you expect with the lockdowns in Europe, if you expect any kind of a spike back or if this is fairly different where you don't really expect a whole lot of surge in demand through another lockdown, especially in Europe.
Noel Wallace: Yes. So, Bill, specifically on some of the more COVID-related categories that we've seen an increase in category growth, liquid hand soap would be one. Our research indicates clearly that behavior will stay, perhaps not at the current elevated levels but will certainly versus historical norms be at a higher level. Likewise, a lot more people obviously cooking at home, so dish liquids been significantly accelerated. In that regard, I think as long as we see lockdowns, as long as we see people working from home, which in our estimation would be through at least half of next year, you'll continue to see elevated rates. You are not seeing a COVID-related impact on oral care. Obviously, if you see any panic buying going on in the market, you'll get a little bit of benefit. But I think consumers have adjusted themselves far better than at the onset of COVID to how they're managing their inventories and their pantries. So we wouldn't expect any significant changes on oral care. Likewise, on pet food, a little panic buying at the onset right now. I think it's more stabilized. Consumers understand what they have. Not a lot of destocking coming out of pantries. And I think more importantly, people are being more rational on how they manage their purchases. So for behavior change, liquid hand soap, certainly a change, dish liquid at least through the first half of next year and oral care starting to normalize coming out of the strong first quarter panic, but much more on a historical basis. And we're seeing good growth on the innovation side that's driving more category dollar growth, which is good to see.
Operator: And next, we will hear from Rob Ottenstein with Evercore. Please go ahead.
Rob Ottenstein: Great. Thank you very much. Based on the analytical work that we've done, we see a very high correlation between e-commerce penetration in terms of the category and gross margins, which would suggest  at least in the U.S. that would suggest that oral care could rapidly move to e-commerce. And so the question is, based on what you've learned and seen in China, are there things that you can do to be better prepared for that in the U.S. and how do you rank or how do you rate your ability and momentum in e-commerce in the U.S. if that happens? Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Yes. Thanks, Rob. You've heard me mention a couple of times the incredible digital and e-commerce capabilities that our Hills business has and how important it is that we share learnings across the broader enterprise, and we very deliberately are shifting resources back and forth between Hills and Colgate. We're obviously getting the same type of learning now out of Asia in terms of the skill sets. And as I mentioned, I think very deliberately in my comments, we feel very strongly that up-scaling the entire organization around e-commerce and that's not just our innovators, that's not our marketing and our customer development organization. That's everyone from logistics to supply chain to packaging. So everyone truly embraces and understands that channel, we think is very important to our long-term growth, as we see more and more consumers moving into that. So the skill sets are there. The transfer of knowledge is there. And Ive mentioned also that we're supplementing quite a bit of that by bringing in outside talent as well to ensure that we close any gaps that we might have in certain geographies around the world. You're seeing the benefits of that. Our e-commerce business obviously up, close to 50% in Q1; another close to 50% in Q2 and a very strong growth in Q3. Shares are up across our categories, both in North America as well as China, our two biggest markets. And we're seeing some accelerated growth, likewise, in Europe. Hills obviously doing exceptionally well in this space. So we think we're well positioned, but we recognize we have a ways to go, given the opportunities we see to build the skill sets across the company and continue to grow market share where we're seeing significant growth.
Operator: And we will take our final question from Mark Astrachan with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Mark Astrachan: Thanks and good morning, everybody. I wanted to ask about market share. So I get the numbers in the release that are translating back into dollars, so mechanically it looks like you're losing share. But I guess maybe, is there any way to parse out share in some of the key markets on a local currency basis? And maybe more broadly, could you just talk about what you're seeing as growth within your categories globally at the high level, oral care, your segment of personal and household as well pet, and then directional comments on how your business is performing relative to those global growth rates?
Noel Wallace: So, Mark, youve identified obviously the impact of foreign exchange, so let me give you a shared summary on a constant currency basis. So year-to-date, were flat or up in every single division, ex Asia. We've talked a lot about Asia obviously that we're in relooking at our go-to-market, our portfolio. We talked about the progress that we're making in the second quarter and we saw that playing through. Likewise, that progress accelerated in the third quarter. So we think we're well on our way there. But across the board, our shares are flat to up in every division on a constant currency basis. Last 13 weeks in North America, we've seen good progress on our toothpaste share, particularly as we've seen the investment behind renewal take hold and some of the other innovations that we've brought into the category. You look around the world, a lot of our focus on our premium business is in Europe, both meridol and elmex and the investment we're putting behind that, we're seeing some good growth. Good share growth in the very short  recent term in both Brazil and Mexico behind some of our innovations there. Mexico now back above an 80 share. And likewise, Brazil not chasing the bottom end of the market, but getting some good premium pricing, as we mentioned earlier, and seeing that translate into more sustainable share growth across the board. Relative to categories, by and large, most of the categories that we compete in have accelerated, obviously some COVID driven, others very pricing driven and from an innovation standpoint, toothpaste in the U.S. now back up into that four to six range on a year-to-date basis. Europe still around 0% to 2%, but again driven by some good pricing. Latin America, down a little bit versus 2019, but again I think driven by a real softness in the categories in the first and second quarters are starting to come back a little bit better in the third quarter, which is encouraging. So, overall, weve got some good category growth. We talked Hills, likewise, very good growth across the category. And Hills and that team is very sustained no matter where you look at it around the world. So, overall, category seems pretty good right now. And I think with the innovation process we have in place and the focus on premiumization and revenue growth management, well continue to bring dollars into the categories in which we compete. So I guess that's the last question. Let me just close off by again thanking the Colgate people around the world on a really strong quarter and a continuation from the progress we've had over the last four to five quarters executing our strategy, building skill sets across the organization and obviously collaborating in ways that we've never collaborated before. So a great thanks to everyone. I wish all of you a safe and healthy Thanksgiving. And we look forward to catching up again on the fourth quarter results. So thanks, everyone.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-31 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Colgate-Palmolive Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded and is being broadcasted live at www.colgatepalmolive.com. Now, for opening remarks, I would like to turn this call over to Chief Investor Relations Officer, John Faucher. Please go ahead.
John Faucher: Thanks, Amanda. Good morning, and welcome to our second quarter earnings release conference call. This is John Faucher, Chief Investor Relations Officer. Today's conference call will include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from these statements. Please refer to the earnings press release and our most recent filings with the SEC, including our 2019 Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings, all available on Colgate's website for a discussion of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these statements. This conference call will also include a discussion of non-GAAP financial measures, including those identified in tables eight and nine of the earnings press release. A full reconciliation to the corresponding GAAP financial measures is included in the earnings press release and is available on Colgate's website. Joining me on the call this morning are; Noel Wallace, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Henning Jakobsen, Chief Financial Officer. I will discuss our Q2 performance and provide some context around 2020 before turning it over to Noel for his thoughts on our results and the current operating environment. We will then open it up for Q&A. As usual, we request that you limit yourselves to one question, so that as many people as possible get to ask the question. If you have further questions, you are welcome to re-enter the queue. We are pleased with our second quarter performance as we delivered gross and net sales, organic sales, operating profit, earnings per share and cash flow in Q2 2020 despite headwinds from foreign exchange, the worsening global economy and impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic around the globe.  We delivered growth in five of our six divisions with Europe down slightly where consumers worked down some of the extra pantry inventory they purchased in the first quarter. Our gross profit margin was 60.8% on both a GAAP and a base business basis. On a GAAP basis, this was up 110 basis points year-over-year, on a base business basis our gross profit margin for the quarter was up 120 basis points, our best year-over-year performance in several years.  For the second quarter, pricing was 130 basis points favorable to gross margin, while raw materials were a 320 basis points headwinds, primarily driven by the transactional impact in foreign exchange. Productivity added 220 basis points. On a GAAP basis, our SG&A was up 40 basis points as a percent of sales.  On a base business basis, our SG&A was up 60 basis points in the quarter on a percent of sales basis, driven by a 50 basis point increase in advertising to sales, as our advertising spending was up 6% year-over-year on an absolute basis, and by an increase in logistics cost as we work to meet heightened demand due to COVID-19.  Excluding logistics, our overheads were down slightly as a percent of sales, despite the FX headwinds in the quarter. On a GAAP basis, our operating profit was up 7% year-over-year, while it was up 2% on a base business basis. Our ATS was up 9% on a GAAP basis and up 3% on a base business basis.  We delivered strong free cash flow growth in the quarter, up 67% year-over-year, due primarily to favorable working capital performance, particularly in accounts receivable, net income growth and the timing of income tax payments. Year-to-date, our free cash flow was up almost 50%.  A few comments on our divisional performance now. North America delivered strong growth in the quarter, bated by increased demand across toothpaste, personal care and home care. As with Q1, growth was led by those categories, where we believe we have seen sustained changes in consumer behavior. Liquid hand soaps, hand dish soap and household cleaners.  The performance of Optic White Renewal helped drive strong growth in tootpaste in the quarter with share improvement for the Optic White franchise.  Latin America net sales were down 13.5% in the quarter, as strong pricing growth was offset by significant foreign exchange headwinds and a mid-single-digit volume decline. Our team in Latin America has responded well to the crisis, working to keep our teams safe, despite rising cases of COVID-19 in many markets, implementing pricing to offset foreign exchange movements and adapting promotional programs.  While we were pleased with our pricing performance, and the gross profit margin expansion has helped deliver, our volumes were down. We expect the balance will improve in the second half of the year driven by innovation, increased marketing spending, and a return to a more normalized promotional cadence.  Organic sales growth was strong in Brazil, despite a very difficult operating environment. Europe delivered mid-single-digit net sales growth in the quarter, as the inclusion of Filorga, more than offset the impact of foreign exchange and a modest organic volume decline. Consumers in Europe began their pantry destocking during the quarter and this led to category softness across many of our categories although liquid hand soap, dish soap and bleach remained buoyant.  We planned for this weakness in Q2 and have shifted our marketing plan to take advantage of what we expect to be improved category growth in the second half of the year as we believe consumers are well along in this destocking process.  Net sales were down 3% in Asia Pacific with volume declines in negative foreign exchange, partially offset by higher pricing as the division returned to modest organic sales growth in the quarter. China returned to growth in the second quarter and continues to improve as e-commerce drives significant growth.  While our net sales and organic sales in India were down in the quarter, trends have improved since the nationwide shutdown that negatively impacted March and April. There is still some disruption to the retail networks consistent with what you have heard from other companies.  In Africa and Eurasia, net sales were down in the quarter, as foreign exchange more than offset low-single-digit organic sales growth with strong performance in South Africa which was driven by volume growth. We took pricing in many markets including Russia to offset the foreign exchange headwind.  Growth at Hills remain strong, driven by a combination of underlying category growth, market share gains due to the Hill Science Diet relaunch, ecommerce strength and a rebuild of retail inventories following a very strong first quarter. Once again, Hills ecommerce business grew more than 50% in the quarter.  As we said in the press release, due to the continued uncertainties surrounding the potential business impacts from COVID-19, and the related macroeconomic volatility, we are not providing guidance. However, as we did on the first quarter call, we want to provide some context around certain factors that you should consider as you work on your models for 2020.  We believe the consumption for certain of our categories, like liquid hand soap, dish soap, bar soap and household cleaners remains elevated and that this should continue going forward. In other categories like toothpaste and pet nutrition, we believe that consumption rates are stable and that some of the first half growth that resulted in increased pantry inventory, mainly to reverse in certain geographies in the back half of the year.  As we mentioned in the press release, we still expect foreign exchange to have a negative mid-single-digit impact on net sales for the full year. Based on current spot rates, we would expect the impact to be at the low-end of that range.  We continue to expect our tax rate to be in the range of 21% to 22% on a GAAP basis. On a base business basis, we continue to expect our tax rate to be in the range of 23.5% to 24.5%. We continue to plan for less benefit from share repurchase in the year as we focus more of our cash flow on reducing the debt on the Filorga and Hello transactions. While we pause share repurchases under our repurchase program in the second quarter, our full year share repurchase plans have not changed.  And now, Ill turn it over to Noel. 
Noel Wallace: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. Let me start by saying I hope everyone is staying safe and healthy despite the challenging circumstances. I thought Id start off by giving a couple of thoughts on the quarter and then Ill provide you a quick update on where we stand relative to the focus areas that we laid out on the Q1 call.  So, good quarter. We continue to deliver and what I would say a very difficult operating environment in the second quarter, despite the uncertainty around COVID which is quite substantial, particularly including the accelerated case rates that we are seeing in many of our largest markets and the impact as John mentioned, the economic activity that we are seeing around the world, we delivered very strong organic sales growth above our long-term target of 3% to 5%.  Importantly, strong gross margin expansion and you saw that obviously delivered through strong funding in the growth and productivity measures and really good pricing that we are broad based across our categories and geographies. That allowed us to increase advertising which has been a consistent theme for us over the last couple quarters and importantly expand our operating margins in the end.  And again, and thats despite dealing with significant headwinds on foreign exchange particularly in Latin America, you saw the foreign exchange hit, that was around 6%. Unfortunately the headwinds from the crisis, we see them continuing and the rising number of COVID cases, particularly in some of our key markets means that the possibility of a larger disruption will continue to exist where there would be why the virus is felt or what weve seen in some markets, government actions to defend the virus and those continue to be quite elevated and that remains our number one concern as we look at the back half of the year.  That said, underlying demand for our products remains solid, particularly in certain categories like liquid hand soap and dish, bar and cleaners, those with the health and hygiene orientation film where we compete quite successfully across the world.  We are delivering premium innovation in the quarter as well. You will hear me talk a little bit about the success of Optic White Renewal which is our highest price point toothpaste here in the U.S. have been a great success. We continue to focus on high growth channels. Weve had substantive growth in our ecommerce business and some of our discounted and club business as well.  And we are obviously dealing with a digital environment where consumers arent leaving homes and quite successful in how we are delivering content in our advertising. Thats consistent with the strategy that weve been discussing for the last 18 months. That strategy was focusing on our core business, thats strategy is focused on adjacencies, particularly in the premium side of the business and the strategy thats focused on truly elevating our participation in fast-growing growth channels like ecommerce.  And that was enabling us as youve seen to deliver consistent top-line growth which the necessary  absolutely necessary for the long-term health of our business and we are delivering net growth which is broad based across our categories and broad based across geographies and we need to do that with volume and pricing consistently throughout the year.  If that broad based organic sales growth will balance us to expand the gross margin, weve been particularly focused on that this quarter. Doing that despite the significant headwinds that weve seen from foreign exchange and the headwinds weve seen from mix, particularly the mix of some of the categories that are elevated in the quarter.  Thats allowed us to expand our gross profit pool and has allowed us to both fund the increases in marketing spending and capabilities and deliver the marketing  excuse me - the operating margin expansion to drive the EPS growth. So thats the quarter. So I thought Id now spend the rest of my opening comments around the balance of 2020 and looking a bit more into 2021.  So let me come back to the three focus areas we discussed in the first quarter call. And they were, staying true to our values and purpose which is going to help us navigate through this environment. How we as a company are adapting a strategy that we have been consistently deploying for the better part of 18 months and how we are executing that strategy with more agility and thats been a capability that we have integrated across the company and how we are managing through the crisis with an eye, importantly towards the future and I am mostly, quite frankly with how the company is dealing with the short-term issues that come weekly around the crisis, but more importantly, very focused on ensuring that the long-term health of the business and how we deploy our strategy over the next year to two is being executed.  So let me start with how we are staying true to our values and how thats helping us navigate through the challenges of this environment. Our number one priority, as youve heard continues to be the health and safety of Colgate people and their families all around the world. We continue to enforce home policies across the board where possible, although some of our offices have began to open up.  Our global supply chain team has delivered remarkably well given the volatility theyve seen and spikes of demand for our products and the challenges with the suppliers all over the world. We are sustaining our manufacturing capacity in many cases elevating that and we are dealing with increased demand of products that have been excessive in certain categories and doing that exceedingly well.  And importantly, coming back to values and purposes is making sure that we are giving back to the communities that we serve through our #SafeHands program that we talked about in the first quarter, our partnership with the World Health Organization. Weve distributed three bars of hand soap to over 28 different countries now to promote hand washing techniques which is obviously the first line in defense in fighting COVID-19 and our teams are extraordinarily proud of the efforts that we put in place in that regard.  The second focus area is how we are adapting our strategy and executing with agility. The current strategy Ive outlined is working core adjacencies, faster growth channels. Weve been seeing consistent performance across our categories and geographies against that strategy, but we realize in the current environment that we need to continue to be agile and we need to adapt our marketing strategies where necessary.  For example, youve seen the continued success weve had on our Hills business. Weve been partnering with some of our lead pet specialty retailers were moving money from in-store promotions to digital content to help elevate not only the brand itself across all ecommerce platforms, but to drive foot traffic back into their stores. Thats helped us obviously drive shares during the quarter and continue to have very successful growth on the ecommerce business for the Hills category.  As we look at the back half, we are obviously getting much more data as we build our digital capabilities. We are using that to supplement our RGM efforts. You saw significant pricing in the quarter and I am very pleased with how the team has really brought on RGM tactics using data analytics to drive pricing.  Well use that as we think about redeploying more money in the back half into a promotion environment that will likely be more competitive. So, all consistent with the strategy that we talked about and enabling us to obviously deliver the balanced growth that you see.  So, let me move on to the third area of focus, managing through the crisis with an eye towards the future. Obviously, we want to emerge from this stronger than we went in. So we will continue to invest quite aggressively in the back half of this year. Weve got strong plans both on above the line advertising, as well as in-store promotions in the back half that will complement a good innovation grid that weve adjusted to deal with the current behaviors that we are seeing in the market. 
in that RE but driving: And as I mentioned on the last quarter, productivity will continue to be key for us. Our funding the growth overdelivered in the quarter for us. We continue to offset some of the incremental cost weve seen from COVID. So, so far, so good. But productivity is a never ending journey for us and will continue to be a key focus as we move forward.  So, those are our priorities and although there is tremendous amount of uncertainty right now, I am confident that we have the right priorities and the right strategies and most importantly, an incredibly engaged organization deploying and executing the strategy to navigate through this crisis and ultimately emerge stronger on the other side.  So, with that, Ill open up to questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question from Dara Mohsenian from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Dara Mohsenian : Hi guys. Hope all is well. Pricing number really accelerated in the quarter to 3.5% level which the best weve seen in recent history. Was that more related to sustainable price increases or the RGM efforts that you guys mentioned that have been put in place, particularly in emerging markets which look like it drove the corporate pricing, but was there more variances specific to the quarter such as promotional spending except for that you guys mentioned.  And how sustainable are the drivers behind this pricing shrink in the quarter as you look going forward? Then perhaps you can just talk about demand elasticity in emerging markets from that pricing? Thanks. 
Noel Wallace: Yes. Thanks, Darren. So, obviously, as we were coming out of the first quarter, we talked about the significant headwinds we were facing around foreign exchange particularly in some of the emerging markets and as youve seen consistently over the years, our teams on the ground look to recover the transactional impact of those foreign exchange very, very quickly and get that pricing into the P&L.  You saw it obviously manifest itself through the pricing across the company largely driven by emerging markets, where we saw most of the foreign exchange headwinds. So, really pleased with the fact that teams got ahead of this in the quarter and the strength.  So that we now have the ability to use that pricing that we have in the P&L to obviously continue to drive gross margins moving forward, but its necessary to invest in the business in the back half and that gives us maximum flexibility which is what we were looking for going into the third quarter.  There was some pullback in promotions in the quarter. Obviously, we were very disciplined whereas foot traffic was down in certain REs around the world [Technical Difficulty] lockdowns in some markets. We naturally pulled back with a discipline to ensure that we can move that money into the back half of the year of those promotional slots to elevate the volume that we are looking for in the back half.  So, we believe its sustainable. We obviously took the pricing early. That gives us the most  the best ability to control that moving forward and we intend to obviously, as I said, spend in the back half. But we are comfortable with where we are in terms of our ability to manage some of the foreign exchange positivity that we have seen. 
Operator: And our next question will come from Wendy Nicholson with Citi. Please go ahead. 
Wendy Nicholson : Hi, good morning. Could you talk a little bit more about gross margin? But I dont know you called that out as a specific area of focus in the second quarter. But I am trying to get a sense of how much of the improvement  you just mentioned the reduction in promotional spending, how much of that was sort of structural funding to growth cost savings that we should think are here to say versus on a short-term crisis management type benefits? Thanks. 
Noel Wallace: Sure. Well, we obviously saw significant transaction moving through and despite that, we were able to recover that with strong pricing in the quarter. And again, we saw elevated foreign exchange headwinds coming out of the first quarter and very much elevated as we went into April and that allowed us to take the pricing early in the quarter and get the full benefit of the pricing as we went through the quarter.  Likewise, our funding to growth and productivity efforts have been very, very strong. I think certainly as we step back and manage the complexities associated with the disruptions weve seen on the supply chain, some of the portfolio changes weve made, obviously the leverage that we are seeing coming through the P&L, all of that has assisted us to drive more efficiency through our plans and get that delivered on the gross margin line.  So, overall, we felt very good about where the gross profit was. Obviously the pricing early in the quarter helped and the funding to growth that came through the balance of the quarter likewise helped. But again, as I mentioned, there are, Wendy, we obviously we are very selective in where we were spending money at the promotional line in the quarter.  We did pull back in some areas as we didnt see the ROI there that would have expected given the foot traffic down  it was down. As we see foot traffic come back in the back half of the year, we have full intentions to ensure that we are competitive and we continue to drive volume in the year to go. 
Operator: And next we will hear from Andrea Teixeira from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Andrea Teixeira : Yes. I think you and hope all is well. Noel, if you can comment a bit on the supply chain in terms of like of your capacity could increase over the quarter? And then the stock out on shelves that you are now being able to  sit to consumption, can you take us around the world? That would be great. Thank you. 
Noel Wallace: Sure. In general, obviously, as I had in my upfront comment, the supply chain has performed extremely well. The demand in some of our categories has been significant at levels that weve never seen before. That forced our teams very early on to look at how we simplify and optimize our portfolios in order to drive throughput in our factories.  I think thats been well received by our trade partners in order to ensure that we improve  we improve our case bill numbers with them. That being said, we still have some categories where we are not meeting demand. Liquid hand soap would be one of those. The demand is in excess of our capacity. We brought on capacity through contractors.  Obviously, we saw some of the impact of that in the U.S. at the margin line, but thats allowed us to deliver against the service levels that our retail partners are expecting. We are in the midst of obviously looking at how we put more capital into certain of our facilities, because we see some of these categories will have elevated demand.  Weve done some very innovative things relative to our packaging that has allowed us to use other lines for specific categories that were not used before that will allow different types of packaging to move through the category that also elevated our demand right now.  So, on a top-line basis we are meeting pretty much all of our demand except couple categories, liquid hand soap would be one, dish soap will be another where we are still trying to catch up and we anticipate that we will see that come to fruition in the back half of this year as we bring on more capacity and deal more efficiently with some of our contractors. 
Andrea Teixeira : All right. Thank you. 
Operator: And our next question will come from Olivia Tong with Bank of America. Please go ahead. 
Olivia Tong : Thanks. Good morning. Thank you. Good morning. Hope everyone is well. Two questions, first, if you could just talk through growth across the categories rather than divisions if you would put a little bit of numbers behind that.  And then, one topic more specific to emerging market trend, particularly Latin Americas recession, because obviously the volume numbers have come in, but pricing has gone up pretty dramatically. So if you could just talk about what you think your categories are growing at underlying and your ability to manage to any potential downshift in the macros. Thanks so much. 
Noel Wallace: Sure. Thanks, Olivia. So, broad based categories are in aggregate are up versus the year ago. Obviously, to provide a significant demand of some of the health and hygiene products in the categories in which we compete. Weve seen real gyrations in the categories, so to speak, as weve gone through the years. Some categories we saw the pantry loading in the first quarter.  Things like oral care where we saw significant spikes that have come out in the second quarter and we anticipate will continue to come out in the back half of the year. But overall, if we take it on a year-to-date basis, most of the categories continued to be obviously up. Weve seen elevated demand in the categories that we highlight, the liquid hand soap, bar soap, cleaners and dish.  And we anticipate that most of that demand will continue quite frankly as behaviors change and people work from home which obviously aids in the consumption of our products, well continue to see that through the back half of the year. Relative to specifically oral care across the board, weve seen good numbers on oral care in an aggregate basis, again, largely driven by the first quarter, slowed in the second quarter, particularly driven by LATAM.  And some of the pricing that we took, but we see that starting to improve as we went through the quarter and anticipate with the activity that we are bringing to the market particularly in tooth paste in the back half that we will continue to see good demand.  Relative to LATAM specifically, weve gone through many, many recessions in LATAM. Our teams are very well prepared for this. Some of the models we viewed that get upfront with pricing which weve done in the quarter. That gives us the maximum flexibility as we move in through a tougher environment. We have, as you know, a very competitive portfolio of products where we innovate across price points.  Particularly, in LATAM if you take  if you break our toothpaste business down between premium, mid-price and value, we do 50% of our business in mid-price and 25% in value and as we talk, we have real opportunities in the premium and particularly the super premium side, but as consumers move into a recession, we are very well positioned for that environment given the view of our portfolio.  So, and as we mentioned, inherent to our strategy is continuing to innovate behind our big core businesses. And we have some big core innovations coming in the next 12 months. So we think we are well prepared to handle the recession and well see how deep it is.  Obviously, the circumstances that we are dealing with around the spread of the virus, particularly in LATAM is concerning and gives us pause, relative to being cautious as we see the categories evolve over the next six to twelve months. So we will watch that very carefully. But we are prepared to deal with it as it comes. 
Operator: And next we will hear from Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Jason English : Hey, good morning, folks. Congratulations on strong results. 
Noel Wallace: Thanks. 
Jason English : Noel, I think your response to last question, I heard you mentioned that throughout the quarters trend that we saw in toothpaste or oral care in Latin America were improving. But I was hoping you could put a little more cheese on that comment. Where we should go with some quantification or specificity on how your overall business was performing in Latin America, month-on-month and maybe how its tracking? And as you exit the quarter or so far in July? And if possible, love to hear the same type of figures for your developing markets overall? 
Noel Wallace: Right. I am not sure I understood the first, Jason. I think it was around the volume comment, pricing comment for LATAM. Let me just talk in broad strokes, LATAM for the quarter and hopefully Ill address most of your questions. By and large, a really good quarter for LATAM despite the fact that they faced significant issues and disruptions and when I say disruptions, you had a large part of the mom and pop trade in certain countries to completely shutdown big department stores, traffic was shutdown.  And so, as a result of that, you saw the shopping occasions decline in the quarter and despite that the team delivered across the board, shares were good across our categories in which we compete. As I mentioned earlier, they got the pricing. The pricing was significant in the quarter and there is no question when you take that level of the pricing and you couple that with the disruptions you are seeing in the marketplace relative to retail environment being closed.  You are going to see some volume falloff and thats exactly what happened. And as we moved through the quarter, we started to see a bit more traffic coming back into the stores and we anticipate that well start to continue to see that in the back half of the year. That being said, you read the same press that we read that obviously the virus  the rates of infection continue to accelerate, particularly in big markets like Brazil.  So we need to be very mindful on the implications and the decisions governments may take to continue to contain that moving forward and that usually involves mobility and availability of people to get back into stores. So, overall, LATAM shares good.  Volume little soft, but understandably given the issues that we saw around mobility and stores and likewise strong pricing that we took, but we will see strong investment in LATAM in the back half of the year, both on the advertising line to support a good innovation grid. And likewise, discipline on the promotion line to ensure that we are getting the right return on investment there. 
Operator: And our next question will come from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. 
Steve Powers : Hey. Thanks. Good morning. Maybe going back to some of the topics you are discussing with there, may be at the start, but coming out with a slightly different perspective. If I step back and just look at the composition of your P&L for the first half, its very healthy despite all the volatility, gross margins solidly above 60% with A&P is running at about 11.5% of sales.  Can you talk about some of the key enablers there? And is there any notable reason to think that that general composition changes meaningfully in the back half, because lets say, so far I am not sure I see one, but I just want to test my thinking on it. 
Noel Wallace: Sure. Again, lets come back to the strategy that weve been deploying focusing on core innovation, thats big part of our portfolio and as we focus on core innovation, we take pricing. Thats obviously you see that translating through the P&L. We have been quite disciplined in getting out ahead of foreign exchange particularly in some big markets that obviously delivered in the quarter through the gross margin expansion that weve seen.  The channel expansion that weve seen has been significant. I mean, weve had significant growth both on ecommerce and some of the untracked channels that we dont talk a lot about, clubs and discounters.  And that again is consistent with the strategy that weve been deploying for the last 18 months. And quite frankly, the whole challenge behind COVID-19 has been a catalyst for executing our strategy and we talk about adjacencies being the third vertical for us and weve been aggressive in getting adjacencies into the market very quickly throughout the crisis and its all behavior change.  We put more antibacterial products in the market. We put more health-oriented and hygiene-oriented products into the market. And again, I think that level of agility that weve demonstrated all of that is between core adjacencies and channels helped obviously prop up the organic growth and get more consistent balanced growth, volume and pricing, as well as delivering the gross margin which allows to invest in the categories.  That being said, we do anticipate the back half to be competitive, I think as more and more markets slowly open up and again, I say that with the caveat that things can change very quickly there, but as they open up, I anticipate that well see more investments going back in stores and hence the reason why we wanted to get out in front of that with pricing in the quarter.  And as John mentioned in his upfront comments, we have increased advertising in the back half to deal with that and to continue to build momentum. So thats how we are looking at things. But its challenging to be sure.  The uncertainty that we see coming out of some of the large markets, the volatility that we see in categories, and the immediacy that governments are taking sometimes to contain the virus has implications and we have to deal with those. So we remain cautious, as well relative to how we see things unfolding. 
Operator: And our next question will come from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays. Please go ahead. 
Lauren Lieberman : Great. Thanks. Good morning. So, I wanted to talk a little bit about cost beyond you talked a bit about the productivity. In general, last year talking more about executing with agility and so on and we talked about quite a bit on the revenue side.  But I was wondering, as youve navigated the first few months of this crisis, and things that maybe you have uncovered in the way that you operate, the way you are structured where cost resides in the P&L and the new organization, outside of T&E, but are there areas that you are finding that maybe are right for  to further efficiency and so that the kind of stronger applies to cost structure not just top-line. Thanks. 
Noel Wallace: Sure. Thanks, Lauren. Couple areas. Obviously, weve been talking productivity beyond just the success weve had with funding to growth over the years and as an organization, quarterly weve really opened all line items now to think about productivity very differently. And so, beyond just the typical cost structure of our products which we do extremely well, we are now interrogating all areas of the business.  And quite frankly, as we have come into the crisis, it opened our eyes to opportunities that we can go after and inefficiencies that we have throughout the income statement. So, let me talk about a couple of those. Now obvious ones you would expect obviously our travel budgets with operating 200 countries around the world were significant.  And the digital transformation that weve been under and in connecting everyone digitally and our ability to day one moved to a virtual workforce have allowed us to obviously save, substantive amount of money on the travel side and there is no question that behavior and from what weve learned will to continue to deliver savings for us moving forward and we will how we think about that.  There is no better way than to learn the polls of a business and being on the ground and thats the big part of who are as a company, but weve learned to use virtual tools in a very different way whether its technology that we have in our plants, where we dont have to spend maintenance people to the plants anymore that they can work through different systems to see actually at what point on in a plant virtually and address issues from thousands of miles away versus getting on an airplane to having business review meetings with teams. So we are getting better and better of that and I think that behavior will continue.  Portfolio, obviously, going into this, we always have a long tail and weve had this strategy that weve been executing for the last couple of years and grow the head and cut the tail and as we went into the crisis, obviously cutting the tail became essential in order to meet the demand and that has allowed our  out in the throughput and the efficiencies and to case fill on our plants to grow quite significantly.  And there is a lot of learning there. Now we have cut some SKUs that have very select and unique consumers that we need to look to how we ultimately optimize moving forward. But I do not anticipate that well get back to the full breadth of the portfolio that we had before, as we work with the trade to really optimize it.  And then secondly, I think, what weve learned a lot is how do you manage on omni-channel environment and do that in an effective way that it allows us to map the consumer journey, understand where those unique consumers are and if they are unique and they are shopping online, perhaps we expand the tail online versus doing it through the brick and mortar shelf and weve learned to leverage that more effectively as we move forward.  And the other area would certainly be on  and looking at the overall cost structures of our offices and what we are doing around the world and making sure that we think about them differently in the long-term to ensure that we maximize effectiveness of our teams on the ground and we are looking at the cost in a way that we have an opportunity to potentially generate some savings there.  And then the last is obviously, elevating funding to growth. And as we look at our products and our innovation strategy, we are looking at more platform ideas, Lauren, across the board, where we are getting more synergies with respect to our formulation development and using that more successfully on a global platform.  The last would be a strategy that is now underway being led by our supply chain, which is really looking at its segmentation of our facilities little bit differently and thats taking big facilities and making them even more efficient in the long run and looking at how we use other facilities that will become far more agile and flexible to deal with smaller runs, to deal with innovation very differently, to deal with direct-to-consumer brands that we maybe incubating and do that in a very cost-effective way and complementing that, excuse me  with a  manufacturers whereas they might be more efficient.  So, a multitude of things on the productivity side, Lauren and I think you will continue to hear more about that as we move forward. 
Operator: And our next question will come from Kevin Grundy with Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Kevin Grundy : Great. Thanks. Good morning everyone. And congratulations on the strong results. Noel, I wanted to pick up on Jason Englishs line of questioning around the decision, specifically around Latin America, but mine is really around the decision not to reinstitute guidance and the takeaway here for investors.  So, understanding that LATAM is a bigger portion of your portfolio relative to the peer set, I know its not lost from you guys that, weve seen Kimberly Clark and Procter and Church and Dwight this morning reinstitute the practice that Procter is looking out in the entire fiscal year with their guidance.  John gave a number of directional guidance points, if you will, strong organic sales growth in the first half of the year, but basically through July. I think the tone on the call here has been pretty positive and it sounds like you guys are going to be resuming share repurchases. So, thats all a big wind up here. How much do you guys deliberate on this?  What are you seeing in July, specifically? And is the message here, really this is more about conservatism related to the pandemic and probably specifically Latin America as opposed to any sort of sequential weakness in July that the market should be concerned about? Thanks. 
Noel Wallace: Yes. Thanks, Kevin. Let me start with July. We are going to avoid getting into a precedent despite the fact that I am very sensitive and understand in the absence of guidance that externally everyone is looking for more and more information. But what we dont want to do is get into every earnings call talking about the current month that we are in. I will say that July is coming in as planned.  Relative to guidance again, not much to add versus what you have in the print. Specifically, the unknowns of the unknowns, I mean, weve seen anything versus where we were in the first quarter, weve seen the virus unfortunately expand. Weve seen case counts accelerate, particularly in some of our larger markets. We see increasingly more disruptions in some of those markets relative to retail closures.  At least temporary closures. Weve seen consumer behavior modify, which has manifested its way through a significant volatility from week-to-week in the categories which makes it very difficult to predict and plan effectively. So, with that as the backdrop, we continued to hold our position in that regard.  And we understand moving forward that we would prefer to provide guidance and as we get more and more information and get more confidence, in terms of the way we see things moving, we will certainly come back and have that discussion again. 
Operator: And next we will hear from Bill Chappell with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Please go ahead. 
Keaton Green: Hi. This is Green on for Bill. Thanks for taking my question. I had one on Hills and specifically the volume growth hoping you guys could kind of break that out a little bit more. Is it more consumers coming into the franchise from, perhaps a different brand? Are you seeing more consumers adding dogs to defending their households and they have increased consumption at home?  And then kind of looking out going forward, how do you see that growth playing out over the kind of remainder of the year, the next few years when you step up investment and kind of the momentum that you have going right now. Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Great. Thanks, Bill. So, Hills, another very strong quarter and again, lets come back to the fundamentals. Great core innovation behind the Science Diet relaunch which continues to perform extremely well. And is now at the tail end of its global roll out and getting significantly stepped up advertising support behind that.  Weve seen the adjacencies as we moved into fast-growing segments, particularly the West segment which has been quite buoyant around the world. And obviously the channel expansion strategy that weve seen that weve executed across the Colgate business was in very much - was led by the learning that we have coming out of the Hills business, their ecommerce business is up another 50%, shares are up.  We are getting better and better at understanding that channel, particularly around the digital complements that come behind that. You saw a significant step-up in advertising investment in the quarter. We will see that level of spending continue in the back half of the year, specifically behind the following fundamentals.  This brand continues to have very, very low brand awareness, 3% as an example in the U.S. So our ability to continue to drive awareness behind the premium aspects of the brand and the science and the biology-based nutrition is a significant growth opportunity for the business. And weve done that. The advertisement has allowed us to expand  get more distribution in our portfolio.  Obviously, look at other rapidly growing channels and drive distribution there and continuing to premierize and take pricing where we can. So the volume growth has been a function of obviously the share growth that weve seen, the cannel growth that weve seen, the premiumization, which obviously comes through more on pricing.  And likewise, you did see a little bit of pantry loading in the first quarter as consumers were facing a potential lockdown, particularly in North America, we did see some elevated purchases that we saw start to come out, In the second quarter, anticipate that well see a little bit more of that come out in the second half.  But by and large, the business is pretty solid. Looking longer term, obviously continued strong innovation, particularly behind our prescription diet business, looking at new digital platforms that weve talked about the Hills is a home idea which is allowing that to provide their pet owners with supply of our product delivered directly to their home.  So, looking through different innovation ideas, where there is using digital platforms or innovating across our prescription diet business in the back half and moving into 2021, that will be the key focus for that business moving forward. So, again, strong fundamentals behind that business. Pet ownership, youve seen the pet adoption accelerate significantly in the first half of the year.  Our estimation is that will slow quite a bit in the back half, but there is no question there are more dogs to be fed and that we are going to do everything we can to ensure that they are feeding them Hills. 
Operator: And our next question will come from Mark Astrachan with Stifel. Please go ahead. 
Mark Astrachan : Yes. Thanks. And good morning everybody. I wanted to ask a related question on the guidance and then kind of a related equally from that. So, I just I am still struggling a little bit with why you are not providing guidance, I obviously get  whats going on in the world, but what is different that you are seeing?  Or what is more difficult in terms of looking out that gives you pause to the seven months for the year as your  kind of how we see it and sort of related to that, maybe one of the thesis that we hear from folks most often on the stocking. The story is your market share continues to underperform. So, are those two somewhat related?  Do you have some sort of visibility on the market share begins to improve. I guess some of that has to do with translation on foreign exchange that should  in theory now start to look better as $1 million with where it is.  So maybe, kind of first comment to the second point and really kind of how do you think about the market share trends progressing as we move over the next kind of six to twelve months as much as you can provide, that would be helpful? 
Noel Wallace: Thanks, Mark. Let me come back again on the guidance question. Not much more to add there. But, let me assure the team, there is tremendous complexity and volatility week-to-week based on whats happening with COVID. And you get decisions made in countries, whether its shutting down borders, you have an incredibly complex supply chain.  Second and third order derivative effects of implications in one market to another. Youve obviously seen the escalation of case counts in big markets for us, mainly Brazil, India and Mexico. And all of those are very difficult to predict and they are all kind of intertwined. And when you get the triangulation of those, it creates significant uncertainty relative to how things can unfold.  That being said, we are executing against it very well, but I assure you there is a lot of work that goes behind the day-to-day in making sure that we continue to operate and deal with the circumstances that confront us. And those circumstances make it very difficult to predict exactly which ways things are going to go. So, not much more to add on the guidance question.  On market share, overall market shares, we are okay in the quarter, but we are not that pleased quite frankly. Yes, you mentioned the translation impact. That was a big impact on our total shares, obviously with LATAM having such strong shares.  Their shares were actually up half a share point in the year-to-date basis, but given the translation impact of those currencies on a global basis, we saw our shares come down. U.S., a little soft in the quarter. I talked a little bit about pulling back on some promotions. Now we feel comfortable with where we are relative to the promotional environment.  There was some  still surprising me some aggressive couponing going on that we quite frankly didnt follow and that we would like to try to avoid in the future as we dont think thats an effective use of money. But we have the right promotions generated through our revenue management efforts that we see ready to go in the back half, but coupled with strong innovation.  I would say that the launch of Optic White Renewal in the U.S. has been very, very successful. I mentioned earlier thats our first $7 price point, hit a two share, 50% of that incremental. Its been the most successful new product launch in the category since the launch of Optic White ten years ago.  So again, I think we are getting great confidence in our ability to premiumize the category and as we move into a more recessionary environment as we discussed earlier, well have a strong base business and a strong core innovation of plan to address that. If you look across the other categories, by and large pretty good share performance.  Many of those categories quite frankly driven  share driven by demand and the ability to supply the shelves, whether it would be liquid hand soap, or dish which we have not necessarily met the demand at this stage and share has suffered a little. But where we are focused and where we are spending our money, we are getting some share growth.  We are not pleased quite frankly with some of the share performance in the U.S. But again, we believe that was somewhat circumstantial and we got strong plans and investment in the back half to change that. 
Operator: And our final question will come from Rob Ottenstein with Evercore. Please go ahead. 
Rob Ottenstein : Great. Thank you very much. I am wondering if we can kind of dial back to some of the pre-COVID priorities that you had, just to kind of get a sense of how you are doing on those as the world changed and specifically, some of the premiumization efforts outside of the U.S., the competition against local natural brands in China and India, the expansion of the Elmex, Meridol basically, if you could give us a rundown of those initiatives and have you maintained kind of the foot on the pedal on those?  How are you doing? And are they still as relevant as before? 
Noel Wallace: Yes. Thanks, Rob. And then, good morning. So, again, I talked about, we expect the strategy that we had put in place 18 months ago, quite frankly as we went to the crisis and interrogated that we felt it was perfectly suited for the behaviors and the dynamics we were seeing in the category. I mean, we needed to continue and they are behind the core business.  The adjacencies were there and that allows us to rethink some of our core businesses and how we get into rapidly growing segments. Take floor cleaners where weve expanded the portfolio into more hygiene anti-bacterial related product. And likewise, the focus we were on for quite some time to truly elevate our digital commerce business and youve seen consistent growth both from a top-line performance, as well as share performance in ecommerce.  And a lot of that capability is being driven by the success weve had in Hills and obviously ramping up capabilities across the company both in the digital area as well as the ecommerce space and that weve done that through developing our internal talent, as well as bringing in outside talent that we think has been a real boost for the organization to help us think a little bit differently.  So, strategy working and nothing that we feel we need to change, continue to be agile as we move forward. I think some of the learning weve had on the agility side as it we can innovate much, much faster than we have in the past. And that we intend to systemize that as we move forward to make sure that we capture that learning on an ongoing basis.  Premiumization has been a big part. I mentioned earlier in the call, we do roughly 50% of our toothpaste business in mid-price and another 25% in value and the balance in premium. And if you take the premium, the fastest growing part of the market has been the ultra-premium where we have not competed. The launch of Optic While Renewal is an example at $7 taking that bundle and moving that around the world is an opportunity for us.  And I think it has certainly given us confidence, notwithstanding the fact that it is tough to launch premium bundle successful, but given us confidence we have now a lot of the capabilities necessary to push more aggressively on premium. And weve learned throughout the history and particularly with the last recession, 2008, 2009, you may recall Rob that one of the most successful launches during that period was Optic White.  And that was an affordable luxury and we understand that there still is a segment of the market looking for premium, value-oriented bundles that provide a significant point of difference and Renewal is one. And so, we will balance that very carefully as we move into a more challenged macro environment and well do that with super premium innovation in the right markets, as well as continuing to focus on our core.  On naturals, to your question there, we are excited about our natural strategy. Toms has got some terrific plans ahead of it with Craig and Dubitsky and Lauri and the team from Hello are doing an outstanding job opening our eyes the opportunities in naturals across the category. The Hello brand continue to expand in the U.S. and is delivering nice growth and I think that category we know long-term will be very, very beneficial.  Consumers continue to be extremely interested in purpose-driven brands, particularly brands with a strong sustainability profile and while the short-term in the crisis we saw a fall-off of natural brands. Weve seen that category start to rebound and we expect longer term, it will continue to be a healthy growth opportunity for us.  Your last comment I think was on the Elmex expansion. Again, as weve talked about, weve been very selective with that strategy and where we move Elmex and Meridol into markets with high pharmacy retail environments and we are doing that very successfully. Brazil was the early launch, Great results coming out of that through the pharmacy expansion plan we have there.  This is not a short-term volume strategy. We want to build a long-term therapeutic business in the pharmacy channel and doing that with strong therapeutic brands like Elmex and Meridol and you are going to see that continue to unfold as we increase investment and continue to build a long-term sustainable business for the markets where we extend it. That will have a couple more to expand in as we move into 2021. So, hopefully, that answers your question, Rob.  And I guess, that brings us to the end. So let me just sum it up. I think overall, a quality quarter, but we all recognize, weve got more work to do and a lot of challenges still in front of us. I want to thank 36,000 Colgate people around the world who continue to be extraordinarily resilient, well-focused on executing our strategy, building new capabilities across the organization and winning on the ground and the success of the quarter goes out to them.  So, thanks everyone and we look forward to catching up with everyone soon. 
Operator: And this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-01 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Colgate-Palmolive's First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded and is being broadcast live at www.colgatepalmolive.com. Now, for opening remarks, I would like to turn this call over to Chief Investor Relations Officer, John Faucher. Please go ahead.
John Faucher: Thanks, Mary. Good morning, and welcome to our first quarter earnings release conference call. This is John Faucher, Chief Investor Relations Officer. Today's conference call will include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from these statements. Please refer to the earnings press release and our most recent filings with the SEC, including our 2019 annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings, all available on Colgate's website for a discussion of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these statements. This conference call will also include a discussion of non-GAAP financial measures, including those identified in table six of the earnings press release. A full reconciliation to the corresponding GAAP financial measures is included in the earnings press release and is available on Colgate's website. Please note that starting today in both the press release and the conference call, we are now using the term Base Business to refer to non-GAAP measures that exclude certain items in both the current and year ago periods.  Joining me on the call this morning from their homes are; Noel Wallace, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Henning Jakobsen, Chief Financial Officer. Noel will start off with his thoughts on the current operating environment, and how we are adapting to the uncertainty about COVID-19 and the economy. I will then discuss our Q1 performance and provide some context around 2020 before opening it up for Q&A. Given the busy conference calls scheduled today, we request that you limit yourselves to one question so that as many people as possible get to ask the question. If you have further questions, you are welcomed to re-enter the queue. Now, I'll turn it over to Noel.
Noel Wallace: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. First, I hope that you and your families are safe and well during these unprecedented times. Obviously, we're operating in a difficult environment, and we expect things to stay difficult for some time. But there's one thing you should know about Colgate-Palmolive and the 34,000 people at the heart of our company, we're at our best when times are difficult. I want to thank all of the Colgate people around the world, many of whom are listening to this call, who have scaled enormous obstacles to keep our business running and to deliver the results that we reported today. We thrive in difficult times because we are at the heart, a local company with global brands and strategies and best-in-class execution. Our locally based operating model, financial discipline and sound balance sheet helped to position Colgate to emerge from this crisis an even stronger company. We produce and sell products that people rely on every single day to keep themselves and their families, including their pets, safe and healthy. Our responsibility to our employees, our customers, our consumers and our communities has never been greater. We treat this responsibility with the utmost seriousness and intend to do our best for all of our stakeholders, including our shareholders. That said, and despite strong Q1 results, we have chosen to withdraw our annual guidance for 2020. This was not an easy decision for us. However, given the combined uncertainty surrounding the future impact to COVID-19 and government actions to stem the spread of the virus, we believe this is the correct choice. The second and third order effects of this crisis through economic stress to our supply chain, retail partners and consumers are difficult to predict at this point, particularly as they're intertwined. As we proceed through the year, we hope to provide you with updated guidance when it proves feasible. In that light, I want to focus on what we are -- how we are managing through the crisis to give you the context for what we're facing, but also some confidence in how we are meeting this head on. I'll discuss three topics; how staying true to our values and purpose is helping us navigate this environment, how we're adapting our strategies and executing with agility and how we are managing through the crisis with an eye towards the future. Staying true to our values and purpose is vital in the current environment as it impacts both our people and our brands. Our number one priority around the world is the health and safety of our Colgate people and their families. In order to deliver on that, we have to implement many policies and procedures to enhance health and safety standards within the company. We have advanced our safety and screening protocols and made adjustments to our work processes to support social distancing. Where possible, we're expanding these policies to our third-party partners. Additionally, we are expanding our health and wellness programs for our people, including counseling, paid time off to care for family members and flexible schedules to adapt to changing family circumstances. We have talked to you a lot over the past years about brand purpose and consumers' preference for brands to give them something to buy into. The results we have seen in the marketplace show that consumers are responding to this crisis by focusing on trusted brands. Our marketing teams have created new programs and adapting existing ones to lean into our brand purpose. At the beginning of the year, we began to roll out a new equity campaign for Colgate Toothpaste based on the inherent optimism of the brand. The central idea is powerful, using Colgate Toothpaste gives people the confidence to smile on regardless of the challenges or questions they face. We've adapted this campaign in digital settings to highlight how important smiles are in a world where we can't be with the people most important to us. So these days, you just smile, whether on Google Hangouts, Zoom or FaceTime, that lets people know that you feel -- well, lets people know how you feel about them. We know handwashing is a first-line of defense against the coronavirus, and we're very proud of our work with the World Health Organization to promote handwashing by distributing 25 million free bars of soap. We initiated this program to support WHO's #SafeHands campaign and are partnering with Save the Children in care to distribute the product, particularly in emerging markets where the need is most acute. We're also donating $20 million worth of health and hygiene products to help consumers in hard hit areas. In New York City, our hometown, we've been donating product to health care workers and first responders all over the city. The second topic is executing our strategy with even greater agility. The strategy that we have discussed with you over the past two years is working as evidenced by our reacceleration in organic sales growth during that time. But we know that simply executing our existing plans isn't enough. We need to be even more agile in this new world. We are still focused on our core brands, innovation in faster-growth segments and expansion in high-growth channels and markets. While we will make some shifts in priorities and timings, our key focus areas do not need to change. Delivering on our core brands will be vital over the foreseeable future. Consumers want to know that the products they are buying are effective and provide good value. This aligns with our portfolio as our core brands are often at base and mainstream price points, which we expect to become bigger focus areas for retailers and consumers as the economic pressures have increased unemployment mount. Our core innovation strategy will bring news to these big segments and is intended to bring added value in a period where price increases may be difficult to take. We will also continue to focus on innovation in faster-growth segments. Our plans for 2020 and 2021 will still include significant premium innovation as it is often innovation that drives store traffic. As part of our efforts to expand our business in faster-growth channels, we have focused even more aggressively on e-commerce and direct-to-consumer. This was the learning that we took from our experiences in China in the first quarter, which helped us to shift resources towards channels that will benefit from disruption in our markets. We saw significant e-commerce share gains in toothpaste in the US in the first quarter behind the launch of Optic White Renewal. And Hill's worked with their brick-and-mortar partners to accelerate their e-commerce offerings in order to offset lost store traffic. Overall, our e-commerce business was up more than 50% in the first quarter. And our North American division e-commerce sales more than doubled in the quarter versus prior year. Our professional teams have learned new ways to engage their customers in a socially distant world. Similar to what we do with Hill's to Home, PCA Skin is helping their spa customers by having them book orders for direct-to-consumer shipments so they can still drive revenue. But agility isn't just executing our strategy the same way we had planned. In this current environment, it requires streamlining our processes and making decisions more quickly so that we can get better respond to our customers and consumers' needs. There's no better example of this than our global supply chain. As the crisis hit, we mobilized our supply chain teams to offset lost production in China to increase manufacturing elsewhere. We established strict safety procedures in China, which allowed us to reopen our factories in a safe and efficient manner. Now, we are operating at over 100% of our expected capacity in many of our Chinese plants, which is helping to alleviate pressure in countries where COVID is still a developing problem. By taking these procedures around the globe, we helped our Anzio, Italy plant stay open throughout the crisis, delivering 40% more volume in March than initially anticipated. After realizing the scale of the increased demand for many of our health and hygiene products, our marketing and customer development teams worked with our retail partners to develop streamlined product offerings that allow our supply chain to produce fewer SKUs for longer runs, which increased capacity to meet consumer demand. We also identified alternative formulas, materials, packaging designs and product artwork to give us flexibility as we prepare for further disruption in our networks. We have also become more digitally oriented by transitioning 10,000 people to work outside the office. Thanks to the resilience of our global networks, our quarterly closing process is one of the smoothest in memory despite the fact that all of our shared service centers in Mexico City, Warsaw and Mumbai, all working 100% remotely. And all of this happened in just nine weeks since I presented to you at the CAGNY conference. This great work has helped us deliver the results that we reported today. This proven capacity for agility will continue as we encounter ongoing impacts from the crisis, economic uncertainty and foreign exchange headwinds. Our third priority is balancing how we manage to get through the crisis, ensuring that we can win when it's over. We have established our -- we have re-established our top line momentum over the past two years. We need to sustain that momentum and adapt our financial plans to deliver in a very difficult 2020, while leaving ourselves well positioned for growth when markets normalize. We will continue to support our brands through impactful marketing programs. We know that compelling advertising behind strong brands is crucial to maintaining long-term organic sales growth, which is the key value driver for our company. We also need to further invest in the capabilities that are driving growth: digital, e-commerce and analytics. We will not fall behind in building the skills needed for when the economy comes back. Productivity is always a priority for us. And these times, we work even harder to take costs out of the P&L to help offset some of the additional pressure that will come from COVID mitigation, foreign exchange and the weakening economy. Our Funding the Growth initiatives, are ramping up to take out discretionary costs that may be unnecessary given the current business environment. We're using analytics to identify and eliminate promotional programs that are not generating value given the consumer environment we find ourselves in. I will finish up by reminding you of our strategies surrounding cash flow and liquidity, which remain unchanged. We have historically generated significant amounts of free cash flow, a trend that continued in the first quarter. Our priorities for uses of cash include capital investments for productivity and future growth; paying dividends to our shareholders, which we have done consistently for 124 straight years; and acquisitions to accelerate growth. We generally allocate the balance of our cash flow to share repurchase. Consistent with prior comments, we have moderated our share repurchase activity as we focus more of our cash flow on reducing the debt from the Filorga and Hello transactions. Turning to liquidity, we've been issuing commercial paper throughout the crisis. We remain committed to our AA minus debt rating. And as of the end of the first quarter, we have cash and cash equivalents on hand that are more than three times our long-term debt maturities over the next 12 months. We also have access to lines of credit should we need them. So those are our priorities. Although there is tremendous amount of uncertainty right now, I am confident that we have the right priorities, the right strategies and most of all, the right people, Colgate people to navigate through the crisis -- emerge stronger on the other side. And now I'll turn it over to John to discuss our Q1 results and provide some context on our full 2020.
John Faucher: Thanks, Noel. We delivered strong -- operating profit, earnings per share and cash flow in Q1 2020 as we responded aggressively to the COVID-19 pandemic around the globe. We delivered a combination of volume and pricing growth, with organic sales growth across all four categories and in every division except for Asia Pacific, where China and India were negatively impacted by the pandemic. While pantry loading due to COVID-19 obviously, provided the benefit to the quarter, our sales and profit trends were strong through January and February. As Noel mentioned, our underlying growth strategies are working, and we believe they will continue to benefit us going forward even as we adapt to a new reality. On a GAAP basis, our gross profit margin was 60.2%, up 130 basis points year-over-year. On a base business basis, our gross profit margin for the quarter was 60.3%, which was up 110 basis points. Our gross profit margin was up in every division in the quarter. For the first quarter, pricing was 70 basis points favorable to gross margin, while raw materials were a 130 basis point headwind, including the transactional impact from foreign exchange. Productivity added 150 basis points. Mix was a 20 basis point benefit in the quarter. On a GAAP basis, our SG&A ratio was up 90 basis points as a percent to sales. On a base business basis, our SG&A ratio was up 100 basis points in the quarter driven by an increase in advertising to sales as our advertising spending was up 13% year-over-year. Excluding advertising, our SG&A was up slightly year-over-year driven by an increase in logistics costs as we work to meet heightened demand. On a GAAP basis, our operating profit was up 8% year-over-year, while it was up 6% on a base business basis. Our EPS was up 28% on a GAAP basis and up 12% on a base business basis. As Noel mentioned, we delivered strong cash flow growth in the quarter, up 28% year-over-year due to net income growth, favorable working capital performance, lower tax payments and the lapping of a voluntary pension contribution in the year ago period. North America delivered strong growth in the quarter, aided by increased consumer demand across all categories, particularly liquid hand soap and dish soap and household cleaners. As Noel mentioned, we're particularly pleased with the performance of Colgate Optic White Renewal toothpaste, which is driving share gains for the Optic White franchise, both online and in brick-and-mortar. Latin America net sales were flat in the quarter as strong volume and pricing growth were offset by significant foreign exchange headwinds. All three categories delivered strong organic sales growth in the first quarter, led by Oral Care. Both Mexico and Brazil delivered a good mix of volume and pricing growth. Colgate Total delivered strong growth in the quarter, helping to drive our premium portfolio. Our digital marketing campaign that Noel mentioned has reached over 135 million users across multiple platforms with engagement and view-through rates well above CPG norms. Europe's double-digit net sales growth in the quarter was driven by 8% organic volume growth, the inclusion of Filorga, minus 1.5% pricing and negative foreign exchange. Europe's high single-digit organic volume growth was driven across all categories and every hub. Palmolive liquid hand soap and Ajax cleaning products drove strong sales growth across the division, while Sanex Body Wash reached peak market shares. In the U.K., our premium Toothpaste business behind Colgate Total and Colgate Max White Ultimate drove organic sales growth and market share gains for the Colgate brand. The first quarter was a difficult one for the Asia Pacific division. We saw a significant impact on China from the COVID-19 pandemic throughout the quarter, while India was impacted by a country-wide shut down that began in late March. In China, we have begun to see the country open back up. And trends are improving in Q2, but we caution that the country still is not back to pre-crisis levels. We continue to focus on innovation, particularly at premium price points in the e-commerce channel. Our Colgate Miracle Repair toothpaste with concentrated amino acid is the biggest driver of growth for Colgate's e-commerce business and has helped drive a more than 20% increase in average selling price for our e-commerce business in China. In India, we are still experiencing disruptions to both our supply chain and our retail network, consistent with what you have heard from other companies. Trends have started to improve, and our plants are beginning to ramp back up. But we still expect an impact from the crisis in the second quarter. In Africa Eurasia, our strong net sales and organic sales growth was driven by volume growth across every hub. Our focus on faster-growth channels continues to pay dividends, particularly in terms of discounters in Russia and Turkey. We saw a continued improvement in our South African business. Our Protex brand, which delivers anti-bacterial and anti-derm benefits, is uniquely positioned for the current environment and drove significant growth in Q1 in South Africa and many other markets around the world. And I'll finish off with Hill, which continues to deliver excellent results. Those remain an example of how execution of a consistent strategy around brand purpose, core innovation and a focus on faster-growth channels can deliver growth in any markets. Sales growth was led by North America, where continued double-digit growth before the pandemic was augmented by consumer pantry loading late in the quarter. The e-commerce business was up by more than 50% as we drove strong growth across all platforms. In Europe, Hill's delivered its fastest net sales growth and organic sales growth in many years, with growth in advance of the impact of the crisis. Prescription diet drove the growth in the quarter, and we are beginning to see the benefit from the Science Plan relaunch. While we are not providing guidance, we want to provide some context around certain factors that you should consider as you work on your models for 2020. Our organic sales momentum continued into April, although foreign exchange continued to worsen as we benefited from the rebuilding of retail inventories and increased demand in certain categories, offset by weakness in some emerging markets. As we mentioned in the press release, based on current spot rates, we expect foreign exchange to have a mid-single-digit negative impact on net sales for the full year. We now expect our tax rate to be in the range of 21% to 22% on a GAAP basis, while on a base business basis, we now expect our tax rate to be in the range of 23.5% to 24.5%. Also, as Noel mentioned, we continue to plan for less benefit from share repurchase in the year as we focus more of our cash flow on reducing the debt from the Filorga and Hello transactions. And with that, Mary, can you open it up for questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We can take our first question from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Dara Mohsenian: Hey, guys. Good morning. Hope youre all well. So you mentioned a potential negative impact on forward category growth in this new environment. Noel, I was just hoping you could be a bit more specific on your expectations in some of the key emerging markets countries. Are we looking at potential magnitude that's significant in your minds or more modest, and perhaps you can compare and contrast the situation we saw in the last recession a little more than a decade ago. And then also from a revenue perspective, one of the unique aspects of Colgate is the professional recommendations, whether itd be dentists, veterinarians or dermatologists now. So, can you just help us understand how much of an impact the lack of office visits you think could have going forward on market share and ultimately, revenue? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Good morning, Dara. Let me start with taking a step back on, as you referenced, 2008, 2009 and reaffirm some of the strengths that allowed us to emerge through that crisis stronger. The portfolio of our business is very strong in recessions, as you well know. We have price points across the full continuum, particularly our core businesses. Playing on your comment around the professional endorsements that historically played very well for us and will continue to play very well for us during this crisis, particularly given the scientific nature of our products, and the efficacy of our products, and I wouldn't expect given that some people will not be visiting the profession, the strength of the brand will be altered in any way during that period. The brand continues to be very, very strong, and our endorsements from the professional all over the world continue to be strong. So I don't anticipate that we'll have any issues certainly some of our business moving through the profession will be impacted in the short-term, but long-term the brand strength will continue to prevail in this in this period of time. Moving on to the category, listen, we've seen a lot of volatility in the categories. Hence, one of the reasons that we pulled guidance. There's a lot of uncertainties as things jump up and down. But rest assured people are still brushing their teeth. And as you've seen, people are still taking a lot of showers and washing their hands. In some categories, we expect the behavior change to be quite consistent over the next couple months. Liquid hand soap bar soap, bar cleaners, we've seen a real acceleration in consumption in those categories. And our anticipation is those will continue. Oral Care has been negative as some of the pipeline comes out from February and March and April. But we expect that category will come back, particularly as economies start to loosen up and you get more and more traffic coming back in the stores. As you've seen, we've had tremendous growth in e-commerce. That was what we discussed at the CAGNY, a big, big focus area for us over the last nine months. We put a lot of resources into that space. We're really learning. Obviously, the Hill's business is best-in-class. We're transferring those learnings around the world. So we're getting consumption in the categories that you're seeing quite weak in brick-and-mortar coming through in e-commerce now. And certainly, that will play well for us longer term. So overall, categories will come back, a lot of volatility right now in emerging markets. I was on the phone this morning with our Asia team, and they're seeing things come back quite nicely. We're about 75% of where they were pre-crisis, but that has stepped up meaningfully over the last six weeks or so. And so overall, we'll see categories come back, but it's about getting store traffic back and getting some of the economy solution. But overall, looking okay.
Operator: And we can now take our next question from Andrea Teixeira of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Andrea Teixeira: Thank you. Good morning, and hope all is well. So you sounded very positive to Dara's question on consumption trend, especially soap. So Noel, I was hoping if you can comment a little bit of consumption and what's happening in April. Are you still working on replenishing the shelves? Or did you benefit from stockpiling, primarily, I would say, probably in North America and Western Europe? Or are you seeing trends reaccelerate as you go? And how much production capacity are you being able to keep up to your comments about Asia and other parts of the world? Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Thanks, Andrea. So let's take North America first. Obviously, significant spikes in March relative to consumption, a lot of the panic buying, but more importantly, some of the trends I articulated earlier around how we're seeing consumption increase in certain categories like bar soap, like liquid hand soap, like floor cleaners. And that has continued through April, as John said. We've seen strong category growth in those specific areas. Obviously, some of the momentum that we're seeing in April is replenishing inventories that were at very low levels coming out of March, particularly in those high-demand categories. Conversely, in categories where we saw pantry loading like Oral Care, we've seen the categories come down in consumption as you would expect, given the pantry load that was in March, and no specific reason why consumers would be brushing their teeth more. So it would be what you expect. Categories where consumers are using them more, good consumption and categories that were driven by some of the panic buying has slowed down, and in fact, are negative in April. And that would be consistent for both Europe and the U.S.
Operator: And we can now take our next question from Wendy Nicholson of Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Wendy Nicholson: Hi. Just one housekeeping issue. On Hill's, can you remind us what percentage of that business is e-comm? And I know you said the whole business, the whole company on e-comm was up 50% for the quarter, but can you tell us a sense of how much Hills' e-comm business was up. But then my real question is more structurally, actually on China, where I know you've had some market share challenges over the last couple of years. I'm just curious, because I know that's a very fragmented market. There's so many local brands in the Oral Care category. Do you think you've done anything structural in that category, so that you're going to emerge from the COVID crisis with a stronger market share position? I'm just wondering if the crisis has sort of helped wash out maybe some of that local competition. Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Thanks, Wendy. Let me take Hill's. Obviously, as John mentioned, the Hill's success, once again, in the quarter was extraordinary. And I think it really points to the underlying strength of that business: one, great core innovation; two, great efficacious scientific brands that play really well in the marketplace; and three, an incredibly adept organization around winning digitally and winning online. Specifically online, to your question, their business was up in excess of the company growth, which was around 54%, 55% for total Colgate. Hill's was up 57% in the quarter and saw good progress across particularly some of the key initiatives they implemented with some of the brick-and-mortar retailers, which was unusual, given some of the struggles that, that retail environment had. But overall, great growth on Hill's. It's a high -- it's in the teens in terms of percent of sales. It continues to grow, obviously, and the success we've had with some of the Science Diet relaunch, particularly in some of the pure-play retailers has been quite notable. Moving on to China, all the strategies, Wendy, that we put in place that we've talked about over the last 18 months or so, repositioning the portfolio, moving significant structural changes relative to moving from brick-and-mortar to online, both in resource and capabilities, all of that is playing out really well for us. We've stepped up our innovation, particularly in the online space. You heard John talk about Miracle Repair. I did get some good news this morning that the Darlie franchise has returned to the number one share of market brand in the country. We had lost share market to Yunnan Baiyao, the local player. We have returned to leadership in March, which is terrific. Shares are up for both Colgate and Darlie in March. We're seeing good progression there, particularly in the online space. More work to do on Colgate. However, the significant repositioning of the portfolio will happen in the back half of this year. But structurally, we've made all the changes that we think are necessary to win. And as I mentioned earlier, I think big brands are going to win in this environment, whether it's in Asia or anywhere around the world, the proven efficacy positioning the scientific knowledge that we have and how we communicate that in our brand purpose, particularly around our core businesses, will bode well moving forward.
Operator: And we can now take our next question from Steve Powers of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. 
Steve Powers: Great. Thanks. Noel, maybe just to build on that. You've spoken about what you're seeing today on the ground generally in emerging markets. But can we get a little more insight into how you're thinking about the go forward? Just comparing what you just said there about China to what you expect over time in India versus Eastern Europe versus Brazil and Latin America. And I guess, whether in terms of the shape of consumer demand, the competition and market share outlook. And specific to Latin America, your confidence in your ability to realize pricing where those FX transaction cost pressures are probably going to be most acute over the next couple of quarters? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Historically, we handle these crisis is quite well in emerging markets, given the pricing power that we have. So, let's talk a little bit about our strategy right now, which we think will modify slightly as we see some of the recessionary pressures come. Obviously, a lot of opportunity for us in the premium side of the business. We've been discussing that with you for the last 18 months or so, how much upside we have on premium innovation. That will continue to happen as I mentioned. But we will dial up more of our core innovation, particularly given the price points that we have and the size of those businesses in emerging markets. And those tend to be the opening price points in many big markets, whether it's Mexico, Brazil or India. So you'll see more innovation coming in that space, and we're doing a lot of things very, very quickly to adapt to some of the consumer behavior changes we've seen, particularly around the importance of health and hygiene and how that plays out with some of our products. Interesting, as we've gone through the last couple of months, our focus on the Total relaunch, particularly the antibacterial positioning and long-lasting antibacterial benefit that product provides has benefited us greatly in the last six weeks. We've seen some of our big markets, whether it be Brazil, Mexico, U.K., we've seen the premium innovation on Total working. So moving forward a little bit more on core, continue to focus on premium side, but we think we're positioned well for the emerging markets. Now obviously, we can't anticipate how much unemployment will be in some of these markets or potential lockdowns that we'll see coming from COVID, but the portfolio, at least how we're positioning it, we'll be well positioned for the emerging trends that we'll see there. Likewise, the same in India and Eastern Europe, there will be no change. The strategy will be consistently executed around the world, locally adapted as necessary. But we don't see that changing based on any of the markets. China would be perhaps the exception, given some of the portfolio strategies that we'll be adopting in the back half and the specific needs of that market. Your second question around LatAm pricing, again, it's -- obviously, the devaluation has been significant. So we've got a couple of things that we're looking at. Obviously, we've taken pricing. You saw that in the first quarter. We will continue to take pricing, but it will get a little bit more difficult, particularly in the current environment. We've had opportunities to dial back on promotions in some of those markets as we see, obviously, store traffic down. So we've been quite prudent. On how we're thinking about promotional spend, a lot of work on revenue growth management and price pack architecture, particularly now as we move into a recessionary environment. So, we'll see more of that happening. And a little bit more benign pricing environment -- excuse me, material pricing environment moving forward, we think the combination of all of that will allow us to continue to maintain the integrity of the LatAm P&L and maintain the investment, which is still important for us to emerge stronger coming out of this.
Operator: And we can now take our next question from Olivia Tong of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Olivia Tong: Hi. Thank you. Good morning. Just want to talk about shifts in your view in terms of innovation rollout, given, obviously, there's a lot of stock up already, recession coming. And then just marketing around that. Marketing was particularly strong this quarter. So the support is still pretty high. But just wondering as you think about the rest of the year and where consumer pantries -- positions of consumer pantries, how you think about innovation and marketing? Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Thanks, Olivia. So as I just mentioned, we're -- we've been doubling down on innovation for the better part of 18 months now. And it's interesting as a management team, as we've gone into this, we've obviously been looking specifically at what innovation is right for the current environment. We will be moving some things around as necessary. We're dialing up some areas. We've orchestrated a series of teams internally to work specifically around some of the common truth that we're seeing, particularly in the health and hygiene spaces: one, how we adopt our portfolio; and two, how we accelerate innovation moving into this. What's interesting is we have just a long history of great clinical studies and claims and science behind our products that we think we can pull out of the jaws and use in this current environment, great formulations with great science and claims that will play into health and hygiene. So we think very appropriate for us to look at our innovation and modify it as necessary moving forward. And the key focus for us here is agility and doing this really, really quickly. So you'll start to see some of that innovation come to the market in the back half of this year already that wasn't necessarily there before. Some of the bigger premium innovations, as I mentioned, will stay. We will alter those based on some of the spacing, whether it's moving out later in the third quarter, so to speak, versus earlier to allow some normalization, particularly in some of our key markets where we see store traffic down quite considerably right now. So that will happen. Continuing to support the business, we've always done that during tough times, and we've come out of it stronger as a result. The brands have emerged stronger. We see competition spending quite a bit, at least on the media side, a lot more movement for us in the digital and e-commerce space, which we're putting a lot more money in. And I think you can see the results that we generated in the first quarter. Certainly, that shift of resources and spending in e-commerce is paid out for. So marketing spending will be prudent and thoughtful moving forward to be sure. But we'll continue to support our brands, which we believe is in the best interest of generating the long-term growth that we want to deliver.
Operator: And we can now take our next question from Kevin Grundy of Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Kevin Grundy: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. And I hope you are doing well. Noel, question on consumption trends and specifically, those increases in consumption that are more transitory in the current environment versus those that you see as more lasting, given changes in consumer behavior. So we're already seeing a move towards greater working from home. I think there's every expectation that's going to persist, heightened emphasis on health and wellness, accelerated shift to e-commerce, just to name a few. But as you think about your portfolio across Oral Care, Home Care, Personal Care and Pet, can you discuss whether you see a change in consumption trends longer term that are more lasting? If so, do you see this as a net positive for your portfolio? Thank you. 
Noel Wallace: Sure, Kevin. And -- the obvious is we have a very large soap business globally, one of our bigger categories. We obviously have a large liquid hand soap business, particularly in Europe and the U.S. We don't talk a lot about our Home Care business, but we have a very strong Home Care business in Latin America as well as in Europe and growing really quickly in North America. All those businesses, we're seeing behavior changes that we think will stick moving forward. I mean, consumers will wash their hands more, people staying at home will be cleaning their floors more. Obviously, people are washing their clothing more. So our fabric softener business will benefit from that. So categories where we see behavior change, we compete in quite a few of them. Obviously, people aren't going to stop brushing their teeth. And that will continue to be obviously a growth opportunity moving forward for us, but we don't see any sizable changes there. We'll see more volatility in the Oral Care space, I think, because you probably see more pantry loading in terms of how people are buying products coming in and out of the category less frequently. So obviously, as we think about innovation, we'll have to time that innovation quite carefully and be quite prudent on that. So overall, our categories are positioned quite well. Obviously, skin health is an area where we've seen quite a bit of disruption in, whether it be travel retail or some of our pharmacy business in Europe as well as our derm business here in the U.S. And we're working very closely with those teams, particularly in the area of telehealth, working on opportunities to continue to engage those communities so they can serve their customers with product online. We talked about the Hill's to Home model that we've been driving over the last year, which has done very, very well for Hill's. We're expanding that into our skin health business in order to stimulate demand at both institutions and spas as well as derms. So, overall, we'll see that category go through a bumpy road, we think, over the next couple months, six months or so. But if you go back to 2008 and 2009, you know, it took more or less nine months to 12 months for that category to come back. The basic fundamentals for skin health long term are still really, really good. It's a highly profitable category. So long-term, we're very comfortable with where we are, but we'll make the necessary changes in the short-term in skin health.
Operator: And we can now take our next question from Bill Chappell of SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Bill Chappell: Thanks. Good morning. And again, hope you and your family are well.
Noel Wallace: Thanks Bill.
Bill Chappell: Just a kind of question on the supply chain. I mean, certainly remarkable, as I'm sure you're aware, that you and your peers can kind of have manufacturing plants running at 80%, 90% capacity on a regular basis, all of a sudden, takes the surge of the business and really have pretty limited out of stocks. And so I'm just trying to understand what near term, is that margin-accretive business as you're going even faster? Or do you have to have incremental costs that will ease as you go forward? And then longer term, what does that tell you about your supply chain that you can handle that much more capacity when you thought they were already at 80% to 90% utilization?
Noel Wallace: Yes. Thanks, Bill. So again, as I mentioned in my prepared commentary, it's been inspiring to watch our supply chain around the world deal with this. And we have discussions internally how important some of the crisis management meetings that we have throughout the year to deal with contingency planning and risk mitigation. And all of that really prevailed during these difficult times. It's the global supply chain and the standardization that we have and how we operate it, while globally is still very local, we're able to shift resources very, very quickly. So as I mentioned, right out of the gate, when China started to struggle, we shifted resources into Europe immediately. And we're able to supply everywhere that China was supplying out of Europe. Likewise, as Europe started to be challenged or Latin America or US started to be challenged, we were able to shift back to Asia. So there's a lot of flexibility in our supply chain and the credit to the team. A lot of work goes into that, to be sure. Some of the incremental volumes that we've seen, obviously, we pushed to contractors, that comes out of the lower margin. But moving forward, as we work on some of these standardization opportunities that I mentioned, for instance, working with some of our key trade partners to simplify our portfolios, that will allow us to reduce the SKUs that we're producing and bring some of that production back in-house, where we can elevate capacity based on the simplification efforts that come through that. Obviously, strategically, we're also looking at investing in some of these categories to expand capacity as required moving forward to ensure that we can meet the demand that we see ongoing. So, short-term, we anticipate that there's some margin implications with the costs associated with COVID, whether it's logistics or some of the contract that we have longer term or we'll bring that back in-house and find ways to continue to deliver the margin that's accretive to the business.
Operator: And we can now take our next question from Steve Strycula of UBS. Please go ahead.
Steve Strycula: Hi, good morning, Noel and John.
Noel Wallace: Hey, Steve.
Steve Strycula: Question on the incentive structure back to 2019 when, Noel, when you took over as CEO, it seems like there's a greater index waiting to organic sales emphasis and market share performance. So within that, how do we think about there is visible pockets of opportunity over the next two, three years? And specifically, how can Colgate use the volatility in the current marketplace and kind of lean in with investments to emerge stronger during this period of time. And John, quick clarification for the FX implication to sales, how should we think about the multiplier factors, what that could be to EBIT dollars or EPS? Thank you.
Noel Wallace: So, Steve, as I mentioned, these -- we've been around for a long, long time. Colgate, we've dealt with a lot of crisis and depressions and even pandemics at one point in time. So, this is obviously very unusual, and there's a lot of unpredictability, which is, obviously, you've heard in the print throughout the last two weeks, but we continue to focus on the fundamentals, which we've been building for the last two years to strengthen our business. So, it's building `brands with purpose, and that's the reason why we will continue to invest behind our brands. We've always found that our ability to innovate and invest in difficult times allows us to emerge with strong brands and strong income statements as we come out of this. And we'll continue to do that. We've stepped up our productivity measures as you've heard me talk about quite often. We're using digital very differently across the company, the collaboration tools that we put in place going into this based on the Google suite of tools has been, just quite frankly, extraordinary to get 10,000 people working day one virtually was, I think, a testament to our IT organization and what we've been able to do there, likewise, using technology to drive more productivity in our closings, so all of that will continue to dial up as we go through this. Relative to the incentive structure, we'll continue to be focused on organic sales and obviously, bottom line profitability. That continues to be the focus for the company. You've seen the reacceleration of our business over the last six quarters. Even with some of the pantry, we accelerated our organic sales in the quarter, both from a Hill's standpoint and from a Colgate standpoint. So, the underlying fundamentals for the business, we believe, are quite strong. And continuing to invest in them, continuing to build capabilities, as I mentioned earlier, in spaces like digital, e-commerce and analytics, we believe will position us extremely well coming out of this.
Operator: And we can now take our next question from Lauren Lieberman of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Lauren Lieberman: Great. Thanks. Good morning.
Noel Wallace: Hey Lauren.
Lauren Lieberman: I wanted to talk a little bit more -- we've talked about Latin America quite a bit. But what we have been thinking about is the degree to which some of the strategies that you'd outlined as part of your longer-term plan around premium innovation and pursuing new channels. But part of this is about kind of accelerated category growth in the region as maybe some of the household penetration or daily usage trends have kind of plateaued at some level if there is an opportunity, but the pace of development on those factors has been a little bit less. So, if we go into a severe recession in those regions, does sort of the growth of the market flow or go -- the efforts you were trying to leverage to accelerate the growth, is that just a bit less effective in the near term or intermediate term? Or am I missing something in terms of there's more opportunity on household penetration or usage that can keep market growth rates healthier.
Noel Wallace: Yes. Thanks, Lauren. It really depends on the category. I mean, obviously, some of the ones I mentioned earlier like liquid hand soap and bar soap, we will expect in emerging markets, for instance, liquid hand soap penetration to grow. Those are fundamentally bar soap markets. But the efficiency and hygiene nature of liquid hand soap may lend itself to increase band penetration. Products like spray cleaners and wipes, we'll see more penetration grow, and we're expanding those as well. So there are certain categories where we see certainly the opportunity to grow penetration, particularly ones that are -- provide an efficiency or an added value, and that will be our focus. Consumption in those categories, likewise, will probably offset some of the pricing pressures that you'll see in some of those markets. We typically found not significant trade down in recessions, but you do get some for sure. And we've been able to deal with that with revenue growth management, obviously, a focus on innovating behind the core, which is, as I mentioned earlier, usually at opening price points. And that allows us to take pricing in those categories. Price pack architecture and recessions has always worked quite effectively for us. So it really depends on the category and the market. Overall, we'll probably see a little slowness or a reduction in terms of value growth. Volumes, as I mentioned, people don't stop brushing their teeth. And in categories, which we mentioned, we in fact, think we'll see an increase in consumption moving through this.
Operator: And we can now take our next question from Mark Astrachan of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Mark Astrachan: Yes, thanks, and good morning everybody.
Noel Wallace: Hi, Mark.
Mark Astrachan: A quick follow-up. So one, just on Latin America in terms of how are you thinking about pricing in a market, especially some of the bigger countries where inflation is actually below recent historical levels. I mean, I recall more pricing to inflation as opposed to FX, so maybe just some thoughts there. And then secondly, just a reminder on input costs and the ties to oil kind of directionally, and how we should think about that potentially being offset by some of the higher costs that you mentioned before on manufacturing, other things you're doing around COVID?
Noel Wallace: Sure. Nothing -- on the pricing front, obviously, in some of the emerging markets, we're going to be quite prudent and cautious on how we're looking at pricing. Although historically, we have been quite aggressive in taking -- we took pricing in the first quarter. That will obviously translate through the balance of the year. We have plans to continue to look at pricing, and we'll do that quite creatively, either through managing our gross to net much more efficiently, particularly given store traffic being down. We'll do that through some of our channel focus as well. We'll do that through some of our innovation in terms of price points, innovation at different price points. So, we have different mechanisms that we'll be using. We obviously will gauge what competitors are doing. But given some of our leadership positions in most of the emerging markets, our intent will be to lead pricing. And we've always done that, but we'll be mindful of how we do that, particularly given the sensitivity in the current environment. On the cost side, we see, obviously, costs being a little less of a headwind than they were in the year-ago period. We've seen resins obviously come down. But on the flip side, prices have gone up, ag prices have gone up. But net-net, we'll see less headwinds than we saw in the back half of last year. And we'll watch it all very carefully. As you've heard most others talk about, there's typically a six to nine month lag between the drop of oil prices and where we see the benefit moving through, through the P&L. But by and large, we'll see a better environment in the back half of the year. And as I mentioned earlier, we'll start to see some of those costs from COVID subside, particularly as we bring some of that production in-house and some of the panic buying becomes a little bit more predictable. Difficult at this stage to say that, but we expect it to become a little bit more predictable, which allow us to get a better line of sight on how we want to handle capacity planning for our facilities and our contractors. And bear in mind, Mark, one other point is, obviously, some of the logistics costs associated with this, we're doing everything we can to deliver the customer service that our partners or customers are looking for and there will be some added logistics costs that will come in the year-ago period as well associated with this.
Operator: And we can now take our next question from Rob Ottenstein of Evercore Investment Bank. Please go ahead. 
Rob Ottenstein: Great. Thank you very much, guys. Noel, John, I want to call you guys out a little bit. The press release is very conservative. You're withdrawing guidance, but kind of everything I hear on this call is very positive. April is strong. You're raising advertising 13%. You're going to dial up marketing. You're crushing it in e-commerce. China's getting better. You're getting significant -- what you see as ongoing increases in your cleaning and sanitary products. You're getting pretty good volume in pricing in Mexico, Brazil. And your cost outlook in the second half of the year, you say, is very encouraging. So I'm a little confused in terms of the caution in the press release and taking away guidance, all things considered. And obviously, very, very tough environment out there, but the commentary so far has been so positive. I'm confused.
Noel Wallace: So listen, it's straight to what we said in the commentary. The unpredictability of what we're seeing across the world is at a level that we've never seen before. Obviously, India, we didn't anticipate would shut down like it shut down. We had plants and distribution channels shut down for almost two weeks. They're obviously coming back online as we speak, but that had a significant impact at the back end of the quarter and has had a significant impact in April. And we can't predict exactly where it's going to happen. Obviously, we've seen things creep up in terms of the number of incidences in Brazil. So, what happens there going forward. So again, it's the unpredictability of what we're seeing all around the world. And you combine that with the continued strengthening of the dollar around the world and the foreign exchange headwinds that -- gives us pause. And we've seen, obviously, a lot of volatility, likewise, in some of the consumption numbers that we've been talking about throughout the call. They're jumping all over the place right now. And so it's very difficult to get a line of sight on how things are going to ultimately unfold. Yes, the fundamentals of our categories are good long-term, but the uncertainty with government regulations and disruptions moving forward, we think it's the prudent thing to hold our guidance at this stage. And we'll come back to you as soon as we can when we have a little bit more confidence on where things are headed.
Operator: And we can now take our next question from Jason English of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Jason English: Hey. Good morning, folks. Thank you for signing me in. Hope everyone is well and congrats to you and your firm for navigating the situation as well as you have so far. I want to come back to the last question because I thought it was a great question. I mean you responded to the part about why pull the guidance, I get it. But I think Rob and I had the same reaction to the press release and the same conflicting interpretation of this call so far. I want to zoom in on one line in the press release that maybe I read too much into. But in there, you say you expect government actions, consumer behavior related to COVID-19 and economic uncertainty to reduce category growth in many markets. I read that, and I interpret that as unequivocal deceleration on the forward. Maybe you were just simply referring to the exceptional growth in the first quarter. But when I listened to you walk through your expectations of each category and market, I hear lots of puts and takes. Skin care, a little softer, maybe a little bit of trade down in Oral Care, but all this is going to be offset by personal and home sanitization and cleaning. Is that the right interpretation? It's going to be choppy and slower in the first quarter, but as you think about underlying growth rates, while there's a lot of uncertainty, you don't really have a reason to think that your category is going to be materially slower going forward.
Noel Wallace: Yes, Jason, listen, if you look at the weeklies, the monthlies on the categories all around the world, and I've got them here in front of me, they're all over the place on categories like Oral Care. Obviously, you've seen more consistency in categories like liquid hand soap and bar soap and cleaners. The biggest unknown force, in our view, is the degree of the recession that we're going to see all around the world. And you combine that with the foreign exchange headwinds that we're faced with right now and ability to take pricing, which has always been a challenge in an environment like this, although we've had great success there, this is unique and a bit different. So it's really the uncertainty that we're seeing and the disruptions that we're seeing. So again, if big markets start to get -- have more lockdowns, that creates a significant headwind for us. It creates a significant headwind for the category. If we see unemployment jump 10%, 15% in certain markets, we've not dealt with that in the past. That will have some impact on the value orientation of our categories as well. So all in all, there's uncertainty moving forward. We're trying to position ourselves as well as we can. We've got good experience on this, but there is significant unpredictability based on what I've outlined earlier.
Operator: And we have no further questions over the phone at this time. I would like to conclude today's question-and-answer session. I'll now hand it back to your speakers for any closing or additional remarks.
Noel Wallace: Well, thanks, everyone. Obviously, unusual and unprecedented times, I want to once again thank all the Colgate people. It's inspiring to work with such an incredibly talented organization. We're greatly benefited by having a management team that has dealt with this level of uncertainty, but obviously, working hard to continue to deliver the results. And we look forward to having more discussions with everyone moving forward. Thanks, everyone. Be safe.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-31 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgatepalmolive.com. Now for opening remarks, I'd like to turn the call over to Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, John Faucher. Please go ahead John.
John Faucher: Thanks, Aaron. Good morning, and welcome to our fourth quarter earnings release conference call. This is John Faucher. Today's conference call will include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from these statements. Please refer to the earnings press release and our most recent filings with the SEC, including our 2018 annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings all available on Colgate's website for a discussion of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these statements. This conference call will also include a discussion of non-GAAP financial measures, including those identified in tables 8 and 9 of the earnings press release. A full reconciliation to the corresponding GAAP financial measures is included in the earnings press release and is available on Colgate's website. Joining me this morning are Noel Wallace, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Henning Jakobsen Chief Financial Officer. I will begin with some thoughts on our performance in 2019, before moving to our 2020 guidance. We made meaningful progress in 2019 on our path to returning to sustainable profitable growth. As we said at the beginning of 2019, we increased investment behind our brands and in the capabilities that are required to deliver growth in our changing global markets. We also implemented changes in how we work to streamline our processes and drive empowerment to make us faster. Those strategic choices have started to pay off. As in 2019, we delivered net sales growth in excess of our initial guidance and organic sales growth at the high-end of our initial 2019 guidance range of 2% to 4% and within our long-term target range of 3% to 5%. On a non-GAAP basis, we delivered earnings per share within the guidance range we gave you at the beginning of the year, while our GAAP earnings per share were in excess of initial guidance. Our free cash flow was up 7% in 2019, due to improved working capital performance and discipline on capital spending. We delivered this performance despite some headwinds from economic uncertainty in markets like Mexico, Brazil and India. And importantly, we delivered on our commitment to return to growth in China, delivering organic sales growth in both the third and fourth quarters. So how do we drive better growth in 2019? Our continued focus on innovating around the core of our business, driving growth in adjacent segments, and expanding our availability in faster growth markets and channels is paying off. We successfully re-launched several of our core franchises. On Colgate Total, we delivered that brand's fastest organic sales growth in several years led by key markets like the U.S., Brazil and Mexico. Sales continues to deliver strong growth with major contributions coming from the Science Diet re-launch. In North America, Hill's delivered double-digit growth in Q4, while cycling a double-digit comparison in the year-ago period. We have more core innovation to come in 2020, especially on key oral care and personal care brands. Our performance in faster-growing adjacencies has been a significant contributor to our improvement in 2019. We delivered growth with new products that appeal to consumers' preferences for products that are more natural and sustainable. We have driven sales and market share growth with our charcoal toothpaste and bamboo toothbrush launches around the world and Sanex Zero% continues to grow as well. In skin health, EltaMD and PCA skin both achieved double-digit sales growth for the year. We acquired Filorga in Q3 and we are excited to announce that earlier today we closed our acquisition of the Hello Oral Care brand. These acquisitions should also contribute to growth going forward. A quick note on Filorga, we are currently reporting Filorga on a one-month lag. So the fourth quarter includes Filorga results only from the closing of the deal in mid-September through the end of November. When we transition Filorga to SAP, we will line up our reporting calendars. Our focus on availability in the faster-growth markets and channels has seen us deliver very strong growth in pharmacy, club, cash and carry and especially e-commerce. Our e-commerce organic sales grew 30% in 2019, and we established a new direct-to-consumer business with Hill's to Home, which provides a fast and easy way for veterinarians to sign patients up for prescription diet. It's a new subscription model that increases compliance. We're leveraging the learning's from Hill's new venture into our direct-to-consumer efforts across the rest of our business. We also made significant inroads on sustainability during the year. We launched the first of its kind recyclable toothpaste tube certified by the Association of Plastic Recyclers, which is now available in both Europe and North America. As of 2019, we have received TRUE Zero Waste certification on 16 facilities and we earned our highest recognition ever from the Dow Jones Worldwide Sustainability Index taking the lead in our industry sector for the first time. Our fourth quarter performance reinforces the progress that I just laid out. We delivered our fifth consecutive quarter of sequential acceleration in organic sales growth and we returned to gross margin expansion and delivered leverage on our overheads. On a GAAP basis, our gross profit margin in the fourth quarter was up 100 basis points. Excluding the impact of charges from our global growth and efficiency program and acquisition-related costs, our gross profit margin was up 80 basis points. For the fourth quarter, pricing was favorable to our gross margin by 60 basis points. Raw materials were unfavorable by 270 basis points, almost entirely offset by productivity from our funding the growth initiatives of 260 basis points. Other, primarily mix from Filorga was favorable by 30 basis points. Our advertising spending was up 13% for the fourth quarter, finishing up 6.5% for the full year. In the fourth quarter, excluding the charges from our global growth and efficiency program and advertising, our SG&A was down 70 basis points year-over-year as we benefited from operating leverage, productivity savings and lower logistics costs. So as we close the door on 2019, our focus is to advance on this progress through 2020. For 2020, we expect net sales growth of 4% to 6%, driven by organic sales growth in the 3% to 5% range, consistent with our long-term targets, a 1% to 2% benefit from the acquisitions of Filorga and Hello and a modest negative impact from foreign exchange. We expect gross profit margin expansion in 2020 driven by the underlying business as well as the mix benefits from Filorga. We expect positive pricing and the continued strength of our productivity initiatives to more than offset modest raw materials inflation. We will continue to invest behind our brands to maintain organic sales growth, not just in terms of advertising, which we expect to be up year-over-year, but also in building key growth capabilities in areas like innovation and data and analytics. We expect to drive leverage through the rest of our cost base through a combination of topline growth, cost discipline, productivity and mix. These investments are crucial not only to sustain organic sales growth, but also to get our market shares growing again. Our growth in non-measured channels is very strong and this is a key part of the strategy we've talked about all through 2019. And we are focused on improving our overall share performance. This is particularly true in North America, where we think a share turnaround in track channels is still a few quarters away. Accelerating our innovation efforts, particularly in premium segments will be the key factor in delivering better market shares. Interest expense should be up slightly in the year due to the increased debt from Filorga and the Hello transactions. We expect our tax rate to be between 24.5% and 25.5% on both a GAAP basis and excluding acquisition costs. On a GAAP basis, based on current spot rates, we are planning for a mid to high single-digit increase in earnings per share. Excluding charges resulting from the global growth and efficiency program, acquisition-related costs, the benefit from a value-added tax matter in Brazil and the benefit from Swiss income tax reform in 2019, based on current spot rates, we are planning for a low to mid single-digit increase in earnings per share. At this point, it seems certain that there will be a negative impact from the coronavirus on our businesses in China and the total company for at least the first quarter. While we expect it to be temporary, it is still too early to quantify the impact. And therefore, this has not been included in our guidance. We expect to be in a position to provide an update at CAGNY as well as on our first quarter call. We believe our plan for this year appropriately balances our improved performance, our need to sustain organic sales growth, our focus on driving cost out of our P&L and the uncertainties that exist in a fairly volatile world. And here to give you his thoughts on 2020 is Noel.
Noel Wallace: Thanks, John, and Happy New Year, everyone. As John discussed, we made meaningful progress in 2019. We grew volume in organic sales in every division. We delivered organic sales growth in all four of our categories, Oral Care, Personal Care, Home Care and Pet Nutrition. In our Oral Care, business we grew organic sales mid-single digits in the year, led by our toothpaste business. And we closed out the year with our highest quarterly rate of organic sales growth in more than three years. But we know we're in 2020 now and we have more work to do. So here are my thoughts on our top three priorities for this year. The first is premium innovation to drive growth. We delivered successful innovation last year by focusing on our core adjacencies and new channels, but markets, categories, consumer preferences are changing and premium is winning, still a lot of opportunity for us in whitening, lifestyle, therapeutic, new forms in pet like wet and importantly in products that are more sustainable and more natural. We're deeply excited about the Hello acquisition given the potential we see for that brand on top of our core business. And obviously skin health is a big area of opportunity for us. Lastly, while we've improved our speed of innovation, we need to get faster. We are aggressively cutting the time it takes innovation to reach the market and you'll see that play out over 2020. Our second priority is becoming more digital and data-driven in everything we do commercially. Continuing on innovation to get faster, we need to use digital tools to replace our traditional testing methods in order to speed up our innovation. We're using analytics to more effectively target our digital spending and drive a higher ROI. We're accelerating our e-commerce business by becoming more data-driven. We're sharing learning across our businesses and geographies and we're co-locating Colgate and Hill's businesses to share best practices and drive efficiencies. And finally, delivering productivity across the P&L through new ways of working. Digital plays a part here as well. Projects like our global move to S/4HANA will allow us to simplify and standardize processes and move resources toward areas that drive real growth. In our supply chain, we have opportunities for more automation and robotics to drive more savings and we're enhancing our productivity culture, so our Colgate employees can continue to deliver our best-in-class funding the growth program, along with tackling other cost opportunities to drive efficiencies. So, those are our top three priorities we're focused on for 2020, more premium innovation to drive our growth, digital and data to make us faster and smarter, productivity to drive our margins. And now I'll be happy to take any questions.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, todays question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically for the telephone audience. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Steve Strycula with UBS.
Steve Strycula: Hi, good morning. So my first question would be is how should we think about with the inclusion of new brands such as Hello, how do we think about your ability to manage category assortment within oral care as you kind of build this forward? I think John mentioned a desire to premiumize some of the North American business in his prepared remarks. So how do we think about names say Colgate returning to growth in the United States and balancing that with growth platforms such as Hello and Toms?
Noel Wallace: Yeah, Steve thanks, and good morning. So, clearly as you look at our portfolio around the world, we have had a history of managing multiple brands and doing it quite successfully. Obviously the Tom's brand here in the U.S. has been a successful growth driver over the last couple of years. And what's so exciting about the Hello brand is given its positioning it really complements our entire portfolio extraordinarily well. It's obviously on a lifestyle type brand and a free form type positioning SKUs are very high amongst millennials and Gen Z where some of our other brands don't perform now. So as we look to manage this brand particularly in North America and around the world, we think it's uniquely positioned in terms of delivering incremental growth to the core franchise. As we saw in 2019, we continue to accelerate oral care growth across the business. And last year it was one of the better years we've had on oral care particularly in toothpaste. And so we're very excited about what Hello is going to bring to the business. We've shown historically we know how to integrate acquisitions and run brands and portfolios with multiple brands in them and that will be the case for us in 2020 with Hello.
Operator: Well go next to Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: Thanks. Good morning. So very interesting that you did not give a gross margin target for 2020. So I wanted to know if you could just address that change if we should think about that as maybe being a bit of a different approach at Colgate, whereas, gross margins has always been held up as a must have. So if you can just talk a little bit about that that would be great. Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Good morning, Lauren. Listen, there's a lot of unpredictability in the world we live in today, a lot of volatility whether it be raw and packed materials, whether it be foreign exchange, a lot of mix play, a lot of geography mix play as well. And while we still have laser focus on driving gross margin and as John outlined in his commentary, we plan to grow gross margins in 2020, we felt it was important to really focus on the continued priority, which is driving top line growth and delivering the EPS guidance that we provided to The Street this morning. As far as gross margins go, we believe the mix opportunities that we have, obviously, bringing brands like Hello into the business, the skin care focus we have, all of those complementing our productivity, funding the growth initiatives will allow us to continue to accelerate gross margins.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.
Dara Mohsenian: Hi, good morning guys.
Noel Wallace: Good Morning.
Dara Mohsenian: So we've seen a clear rebound in organic sales growth of the company. But so far it's been a bit uneven with pet and emerging markets businesses accelerating substantially both for the full year but also in Q4, but not a strong results in North America and Europe. So I was just hoping you could compare and contrast the impact from your strategy changes on those two separate areas. Is there anything you've learned in emerging markets and pet you can apply to North America and Europe? And any green shoots there in North America, Europe or when at least should we expect to see improvement particularly in light of the comments that the track channels in North America may take some time to turn? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Thanks Dara. So let's take a step back on the overarching strategy that we've been deploying over the last 12 to 18 months, which is obviously focused on our core, driving adjacencies and exploring and operating differently with our new -- with different channels. And you've seen that obviously play out in the acceleration of organic growth. And as we said in the upfront statements, we accelerated growth across all of our geographies, all of our divisions in that regard and obviously all of our categories. So we think the underlying strategy on how we're executing that around the world is doing quite well. Now, obviously, as you pull out different geographies, Europe categories are a bit slower, different competitive base. Obviously we've got a very strong business there with both the Colgate franchise and the all mix franchise. And the strategy that we just articulated we are executing really well there. Shares are pretty good across Europe on our business. And as we talked about earlier, Total performed very, very well particularly in the U.K., which is one of our largest markets. So overall we're optimistic on where we see Europe going relative to some of the strategies we're deploying. But bear in mind, the categories aren't growing nearly as fast in Europe as they are in the rest of the world. Categories in emerging markets are basically in our categories growing at about 2 times to the developed part of the world. So again, you would expect both North America and Europe to be at a slower pace in terms of top line growth. Relative to North America, obviously there's a lot of work being done from the team on how we're turning around that business. We're currently not at the potential that we see for that business as we speak. We're very, very focused on transforming how we think about innovation. There'll be a lot more focus on premium as we go throughout the year. Most of that will be back-half weighted. The team under John looks leadership is really rethinking on how we look at innovation from a structure standpoint, how we look at it from a premium standpoint and we have some good R&D technologies coming down the pipeline that we think will continue to accelerate growth. But we're going to fix North America the right way. Obviously, we're disappointed with the progress that we made in the fourth quarter, but I have to say based on the plans I've seen, we're really encouraged on where they're going. We're not going to buy our share back. We're going to do things in terms of making sure that we have long-term sustainable growth in that business and driving the premium piece of the business is the key focus.
Operator: We'll move next to Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: Hey, good morning folks and happy belated new year.
Noel Wallace: Hi, Jason.
Jason English: I guess, I want to come back to one of the pieces that Dara highlighted that's performed well and that's pet food. Really impressive growth. I guess the key question is one of durability because it's been -- it's been a long time since we've seen this type of growth. We are hearing from tractor supply yesterday and I know they're not the hugest retailer, but they're one of the more vocal ones that they're looking to reset their shelves and give some brands that have turned positive more space, give some of the legacy grain-free brands less space. Are you seeing that same shift? And do you expect it to bet at you? And is it a reason to believe that we can continue to see this type of momentum as we track to 2020?
Noel Wallace: Yes. Listen, we're obviously very pleased as you've seen in the numbers with Hill's. And this harkens back to kind of the cornerstone of our strategy across the company which is focusing on the core, which we've seen terrific growth on Science Diet as we rolled out across North America. We will be rolling the Science Diet relaunch, we started in the late 2019 in Europe and that will expand to the rest of the world in 2020. We looked at adjacencies obviously, as we're getting into the core. And the channel expansion that we had both in farm and feed as well as e-commerce, really sits well with how confident we are with the strategy that we're executing around the world. Now specifically on the durability of that business aside from the fact that they continue to have a strong pipeline of innovation coming the Science Diet rollout will go throughout the rest of the world in 2020. Take the U.S. as an example. We delivered double-digit growth in the fourth quarter on the Hill's business last year and we delivered another double-digit growth this year in fourth quarter, so given the size of that business, I think a clear indication that the durability is there. Now there's no question the comps will get more difficult as we move forward. So we need to continue to focus on the things that we do really well which is the innovation piece of the business, executing against new channels and exploring new adjacencies, which I mentioned in some of my up growth comments about the opportunities we see in wet moving forward.
Operator: We'll move next to Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan.
Andrea Teixeira: Hi, good morning everyone. So I wanted to know if you can explore more -- you took us through Europe in a bit of North America. But as embedded in your guidance, you're thinking of a more balanced growth in between North America and developing markets. And if you can also elaborate a little bit more obviously we've got the coronavirus impact, but the Asia Pacific volumes have been coming back since March quarter since the third quarter and then the fourth quarter. And if you continue to see momentum there. And in LatAm, if you can still see a more balanced volume pricing growth as you roll out the more premium products there? Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Thanks. So let's talk a little bit about emerging markets. As you well know, we do 70% more or less 70% of our revenues outside the U.S. So we're very focused on emerging markets. And as I mentioned earlier, the emerging market growth rates at least in our core categories are growing at a healthy pace above where we see the developed part of the world moving. So organic growth of 5% in emerging on the year versus 3% in developing obviously is consistent with what we'd like to see the profile of our organic growth moving forward given the strength that we have in emerging markets. Latin America specifically doing well, Mexico doing well in Brazil. Categories are in the 4% to 5% rate there. We should -- obviously there's some uncertainty on where Mexico is going given the fact that they are technically in a recession. And macroeconomics in Brazil seem to be improving. We'll see how that unfolds over time. But the business is quite solid in Latin America and the category seem to be holding up pretty well. Moving on to Asia. Obviously very pleased with another quarter of organic growth and we seem to be getting on track. But as we've said, the turnaround in Asia is going to be -- is going to take some time. While we saw good growth in the back half of the year, this is a long-term strategy that we're executing in Asia to get the portfolio right, to get the go-to-market right and get the innovation structure right, particularly as we look at how we innovate on the growing e-commerce channel. The coronavirus there's not much more to add on that. First and foremost, we're very pleased that all of our employees are safe. We are very focused on that. We have mobilized the supply chain to look at all contingency planning relative to production should the implications of the virus extend beyond the current dates. And we're intending to come back to everyone with more information at CAGNY. Africa is one we don't talk about a lot. Obviously, we had issues in that business 18 to 24 months ago. You've seen I think the durability of the strategy play out in the Africa numbers, where we've seen consistent growth. Importantly, one of our largest markets South Africa had a good back half. And so the categories as well as our business in that important geography seem to be performing quite well.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank.
Steve Powers: Great. Thanks. Maybe first just to clean up on North America. I know you said, you wouldn't buy your way back to share strength. But the pricing and profitability there this quarter just came in below our expectations. So maybe you could help unpack what happened in the quarter and whether that will carry over until at least the first half of 2020? My main question more broadly, just if you could maybe just the play across your skin care businesses and that category has been accelerating. Just would love a little bit more context from you about how your various brands are performing against expectations. And then also just a comment on your appetite to do more in skin care, whether prioritizing organic investment maybe expanding brands like Tom's or even Hello in that direction? Or obviously pursuing additional M&A? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Sure, Steve. On the pricing bear in mind that in the fourth quarter of last year we were not promoting quite frankly at all across most of our toothpaste franchise given the preparation for the launch of Total. So the comps were obviously very difficult for us in the fourth quarter this year versus where they were in the fourth quarter last year. We also had a bit of mix both in the category and the channel mix that impacted the margins in the quarter. Moving forward, as John mentioned in his comments, the work that we're doing to prepare for long-term sustainable growth in the U.S. consistent with our strategy and very focused particularly in the U.S. around premium innovation, most of that will kick in, in the back half of 2020. Relative to skin care, we're very pleased. You heard in the upfront comments those businesses are growing double-digits and we intend to continue to focus and accelerate our investment in those categories as we move through the balance of 2020. And they've got a good innovation pipeline and we're obviously very carefully thinking about our expansion into new geographies. What we do see is significant upside in the geographies in which we currently compete. Obviously, China is a big piece of the skin care business both for Elta and for Filorga, so we'll have to  we're on a wait and see in terms of the impact of the coronavirus on our business there. Filorga, specifically has a good travel retail business, so we'll see how that unfolds moving forward. And as it relates to M&A, listen we've got between Elta PCA and Filorga, we think the right skin care assets right now. Obviously, if something came across that really got our attention then we would consider it. And with the acquisition of Hello, we're tremendously excited in terms of the growth potential there. We think we're right where we need to be in terms of M&A but never say never.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Nik Modi with RBC.
Nik Modi: Yes, good morning, everyone. I was hoping you can provide some compare and contrast. I mean, Hill's has been doing very well after struggling for a bit. And so I just wanted to hear your thoughts on what happened to Hill's and kind of how you think about the core Oral Care business in terms of kind of the progression and evolution of some of the strategies that you've been putting in place?
Noel Wallace: Sure. Again relative to the strategy that we're deploying across the world which is core adjacencies and channels, Hill's is hitting on all cylinders in that regard. The other important area that we see that they have a unique advantage in is how they're thinking about the business digitally and how we're focused very much on now embracing analytics to use to drive our e-commerce business, which was incidentally up almost 40% in the quarter. So they're hitting on all the right things right now and they've got obviously good growth plans moving forward. But as I've said, the comps get more difficult. The good news is obviously the prescription diet business, which is an important part of that business. We have strong innovation coming down in 2020 and we think we're well positioned, obviously given some of the impacts of the recall that we had in 2019 to recover from that moving forward. Obviously relative to the learnings we have on Hill's, as I mentioned, likewise in my upfront comments, we're seeing great benefits by combining our teams, particularly around digital and e-commerce on the ground to share learnings and really maximize efficiencies in terms of how we look at digital, how we buy digital and how we execute against the data that we're learning from Matt. Hill's is quite advanced in that and sharing those learnings broadly across the Colgate business will pay dividends for us.
Operator: We'll go next to Rob Ottenstein with Evercore ISI.
Rob Ottenstein: Great. Thank you very much. I think you mentioned, e-commerce overall up 30%; Hill's almost 40%. Can you perhaps kind of just give us a sense of what's going on in e-commerce on the Oral Care side? And particularly, in the U.S. market and in China, what kind of growth rates you're seeing? What percentage of the business is e-commerce? Kind of initiatives you're doing? And most specifically on China you started to touch on it, but love to get a little bit more granularity in terms of whether you have the right brand portfolio, the right price points, whether it's a question of technology relationships with the large e-commerce providers to really get the Chinese e-commerce business rocking and rolling? Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Sure. So, pleased with e-commerce overall. As John mentioned, we were up 30% in the year. This is a fluid business that you continually bring new learnings and which is great about the business, because it's so data-driven, you're able to ascertain, what's working, what's not and act upon that pretty quickly. So we're thinking quite differently among how we structure ourselves around e-commerce with fully independent teams managing that business, so they can take -- that they're empowered to make decisions and taking those decisions very live rather than having to wait for that. So that's certainly benefiting us both on the oral care side or the Colgate side as well as Hill's side. The Colgate business was up significantly last year in the U.S., our e-commerce business was up just shy of 40%. Shares ticked up again. Remember we have a very strong Toms of Maine business. Hello will come into the franchise now, which is quite strong on e-commerce as well. And the Colgate business is driving that nice growth. As we look at China specifically, we're starting to develop much more strategic relationships with some of the big platforms there, whether it be Alibaba or JD. We're looking at structuring ourselves differently in order to ensure that we're getting -- partnering with them in a very different way not only in terms of the data side of the business, but likewise on the innovation side of the business where we're going to need to really focus on the premium side, which I mentioned and collaborating with some of our big partners and having the flexibility to do things a bit more uniquely we think will bode well for the business moving forward.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Olivia Tong with Bank of America.
Olivia Tong: Great. Thanks. First on North America, just as you think about the remediation actions you're taking there, what's your view on margins? Because they've obviously come in pretty dramatically. So you talked about the focus on premiumization. Do you think going forward the margin gets better because of the premiumization? Or is this sort of a certain level of investment is now here to stay.
Noel Wallace: Thanks Olivia. Sure. Listen the margins improved in the fourth quarter obviously from where they were in the third quarter. As I talked about, we had some more difficult comparisons given the promotional environment a year ago. We have seen a little bit of a step-up in promotional in the toothpaste category particularly around couponing as we've seen some of our competitors increase their values in that space, but we'll manage that very carefully. As I mentioned earlier, our focus is getting back to durable sustainable growth and premium innovation is at the heart of that and the premium innovation will obviously be accretive to the margin as we move forward, as we continue to push the mix in that area. Obviously, the move towards naturals and lifestyle brands, Naturals with Toms of Maine, which will increase the investment behind that business will help margins. The lifestyle brands like Hello, as we continue to push that business, which incidentally today only has a 9% awareness in the U.S. market. So as we put more investment behind that, and we continue to expand the distribution, obviously, that will play out nicely for the business as well. The advertising is meant to obviously create long-term sustainable growth for us and we've seen that obviously play out holistically and globally on the top line and North America will get its fair share as we continue to rebuild that business moving forward. But again, we're going to do that the right way focused on innovation and making sure that we're building the brands for the long-term.
Operator: We go next to Kevin Grundy with Jefferies.
Kevin Grundy: Thanks. Good morning everyone. Question for you on the company's ability to drive greater leverage between the top line and earnings as we look beyond 2020. So clearly this was an investment year. You're getting the top line payback, which is encouraging, but EPS down mid single-digits as you look out to next year up low to mid single-digits relatively in line with the mid single-digit -- excuse me, low single -- excuse me, mid single-digit top line that you're guiding to organically. Understanding FX is a little bit of a component there a little bit of a headwind. But will investment levels be adequate for the company as best you can tell as you look at your budget and you look at your guidance now. So as you get beyond 2020, should the investment community expect a return to high single-digit EPS growth where you're able to get better leverage once investment levels are adequate? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Yeah. Thanks Steve. We're not going to obviously guide beyond 2020 at this stage. But let me talk a little bit about leverage and productivity and how we're thinking about it. First and foremost, as we've been very consistent with our strategy around reinvigorating top line growth and driving sustainable organic growth, you've seen that obviously sequentially through the last five quarters and the best leverage we're going to get through the P&L is as we deliver the top line. Obviously, we'll see where foreign exchange goes. We believe it will be a little less punishing than it has been in the past this year. But again, with the unpredictability of the environments that we compete we shall see. As I mentioned in the upfront beyond premium innovation, which will obviously drive the top line and the leverage through the P&L, we are very, very focused on productivity across the entire P&L. We have a list of projects that we're thinking through. We're obviously looking at productivity delivered through technology and the discussions I had around S4 and on how we leverage the simplification efforts that will come from that and the standardization that will come from that. So we're very focused on that. The supply chain, likewise, looking as I mentioned to use robotics and automation very differently moving forward. We're looking at segmentation of our facilities around the world to drive more efficiencies in the plants. So, productivity is right in our focus right now. And as we drive the top line, we'll see that productivity move through the P&L. Most of that productivity particularly for North America we'll see that coming through in the back half of 2020.
Operator: We move next to Mark Astrachan with Stifel.
Mark Astrachan: Thanks and good morning, everybody. Wanted to ask about Hello kind of specifically in M&A strategy broadly. So, what does Hello give you that you couldn't have done with your own brands? And I guess just more broadly, what's driving the increase in M&A over the last year or so as you've taken over? How do you describe the company's ability to handle digest multiple deals. And once I get that they're small but there's a lot more going on here than there has been. Thoughts on doing more deals. Can you take on more at this point potentially even something larger should that materialize? And maybe how do you think about the leverage targets although not necessarily specific to M&A but just kind of broadly since there's certainly not a lot of leverage on the balance sheet at this point?
Noel Wallace: Yeah. So thanks Mark. So I mentioned upfront that markets are changing, categories are changing, consumers are changing, and we've seen that disruption certainly peak out very aggressively in Asia, and particularly China and we've seen a lot more of that in North America over the last 18 months. And so as we look at our business, we're obviously looking to position our brands in areas, where they can best compete. And as we look at our portfolio strategies, we obviously can't be a one brand for all particularly given the disruptions, you're seeing in the marketplace. And if we see the right opportunity for complementary brands within our portfolio, particularly in Oral Care, we will seek to go after those. And Hello was a perfect, perfect fit for us relative to its unique positioning in terms of millennials and Gen Z, which is not a strength of the Colgate franchise. It obviously complements it well  itself very well with Toms. Hello is a very lifestyle-oriented brand, where Toms is a very core natural-oriented brand, so we think it fits well and we're going to run the business independently. We're going to run the business differently and not bring it into the Colgate business. So we're very fortunate to have Craig and Lloyd coming over to the business. I think some of you have met them. You know the strength of their leadership. You know the strength of their marketing, instincts and how they think about brands. We fully intend to use both of them across the Colgate business around the world to help us think about innovation very, very differently. And I think Craig will be a wonderful ambassador for us as we think about, how we're transforming our innovation approach to the market. As I mentioned, earlier we're very comfortable with the M&A that we've made, where we continue to be able to deliver against those. We have a track record of delivering successfully against M&A. And I think the reason is we're very focused. We let the business run independently. We maintain their cultures, but we offer them all the opportunities to flex the Colgate machine so to speak relative to synergies, best-practices, training, you name it and that we'll continue to do that with Hello.
Operator: We'll move next to Bill Chappell with SunTrust.
Bill Chappell: Thanks. Good morning.
Noel Wallace: Hey, Bill.
Bill Chappell: I don't  taking a year to look back on the total re-launch especially in North America, but also kind of worldwide. I mean, what would be your grade of it just from the Super Bowl commercial to the money spent there. And I understand that it was in part done you needed to kind of restage the platform before you rolled out new products this year. But just trying to understand, especially in light of kind of the fourth quarter North American results how good  was this in line with expectations? Could the money been spent elsewhere? Just kind of your color would be great.
Noel Wallace: Yeah. Thanks, Bill. So listen we took a 10% price increase on that business and we held that price increase through the year. And if you take a big core franchise like Colgate Total that's probably the best pricing performance, we've had in the better part of the decade. So from a pricing standpoint, we're quite excited. And we've had the fastest growth on Colgate Total in over three years. So that in its own suggests that the relaunch was successful. Did we have slightly higher expectations in certain geographies? Sure. But our big markets like the U.K., like Brazil, like Mexico where we have high shares we did very well in North America perhaps delivered against our expectation. Our volume share was okay. But recall, we downsized that brand and perhaps we would have done a little bit differently given some of the learning's we have through the launch. But overall, it drove the brand, it drove the equity, and we had a good year on oral care.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ali Dibadj with Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj: Hey guys, thanks. So regarding your 2020 guidance, I'd love to better understand the lack of top-line growth leveraging into your bottom line. And if you back it out, it feels like it would suggest something like another up to 100 basis points call it maybe 75 basis points of reinvestment into the business again in 2020. And so in that context, I'd love to get a sense of how you assess the return on that spend given what you've seen so far in 2019 particularly on market share. The market share continues to decline as you put it out in your press release not getting better. You still have the U.S., Brazil, Mexico, France, China, India kind of your core areas still losing share. So love to hear how you think about the returns in that overall context?
Noel Wallace: Good. Well, let me take the latter part of your question first. I think the returns and the results Ali, obviously, a 5% organic in the fourth quarter, sequentially up from the fourth. And as we've discussed and you have highlighted that for quite some time the need to continue to invest behind the business. We think we've that played out relative to the organic performance that we delivered. On the 2020 guide, obviously, just a couple of mechanics through the P&L, the Filorga as a full year on a percent of sales advertising, obviously, much higher and adding a bit to the overall advertising line. But as we mentioned upfront, we have a strong focus on premium innovation and we want to continue to accelerate the investment behind our brands and our businesses in order to deliver long-term sustainable growth. It's early days right now. Obviously we've got a lot of work to do this year. It's only January, a lot can change relative to the macros. You see a lot of uncertainty. We'll see where China plays out. Brazil, Mexico likewise as I mentioned earlier, India a little bit of softness obviously in the real markets we're seeing. So we think the guidance from where we are today and where we sit is absolutely appropriate in terms of how we're thinking about the business. And as we move throughout the year, we'll continue to update that as necessary.
Operator: We'll take our final question today from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: Oh, great. Thank you. I just wanted to follow-up on Asia in general, not seeking about outlook for China and coronavirus in particular at all. But when you look back, Asia had the best volume performance I think since 2015 and the best pricing performance in 2014. So just at a holistic level if you could talk a little bit about, sort of, again ex-coronavirus sustainability and what types of things have really triggered that uptick and if you're thinking about that as being like a new base level for the performance you can have out of the region? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Thanks Lauren. There was also an earlier question on our portfolio in China. I remind the audience that we, obviously, have the Colgate franchise and the Darlie franchise that delivers our leadership market position in China. Both those businesses continue to perform well, particularly the Darlie business came back nicely in the fourth quarter. Was able to launch again focused on our strategy, premium innovation particularly around some -- you'll be surprised to hear baking soda products have now become very, very popular in China and are being sold at premium prices and that's certainly helped deliver not only the pricing but the volume. On the Colgate side as I mentioned earlier we're in the midst of a long-term turnaround here. We still got a lot of work to do relative to that business. We're pleased with where we saw the business perform. We had a good 11/11 again behind premium pricing. Our miracle repair product, our volcanic products that we launched in the quarter delivered good volume and good pricing. As you look outwards, obviously, we'll see the impact of corona and what happens in China, it's going to be very difficult at this point to predict the sustainability of where we are right now given the implications of that. But we're certainly structuring ourselves and putting the fundamentals in place to deliver long-term sustainable growth in those markets.
Operator: And at this time, I'll turn it back to management for any additional or closing remarks.
Noel Wallace: So, no, thank you everyone. Obviously we'll see everyone at CAGNY. I look forward to having more discussions there. And for all the Colgate people that are listening, let me wholeheartedly thank you for your incredible support and work for the last year and we look forward to your continued focus in 2020. Thanks everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-11-01 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded, and is being simulcast live at www.colgatepalmolive.com. Now for opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to the Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, John Faucher. Please go ahead, John.
John Faucher : Thanks, Paula. Good Morning, and welcome to our third quarter earnings release conference call. This is John Faucher, Senior Vice President for Investor Relations. Today's conference call will include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from these statements. Please refer to the earnings press release and our most recent filings with the SEC, including our 2018 Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings, all available on Colgate's website for a discussion of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these statements. This conference call will also include a discussion of non-GAAP financial measures, including those identified in tables 8 and 9 of the earnings press release. A full reconciliation to the corresponding GAAP financial measures is included in the earnings press release and is available on Colgate's website. Joining me this morning are Noel Wallace, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Henning Jakobsen, Chief Financial Officer. I will begin with some thoughts on our performance before discussing our updated 2019 guidance. We'll then open it up for Noel's Q&A session. The third quarter marked a further step in our plan to return to sustainable organic sales growth. Throughout 2019, we are focused on innovating around the core of our business, driving growth in adjacent segments and expanding our availability in faster growth markets and channels. Along with higher levels of consumer-facing spending, these strategies are paying off in broad-based growth across our businesses. Q3 marked the third quarter in a row where we delivered a combination of both volume and pricing growth on an organic basis. Volume was up in every division, and pricing was positive in every division, except for one. Our revenue growth management strategies are driving pricing growth as we focus on premium innovation. On a geographic basis, we saw organic sales growth in five of our six divisions. Importantly, we returned to organic sales growth in Asia Pacific, including delivering organic sales growth in the Greater China region. We drove a good combination of developed market growth, plus 3.5%; and emerging market growth, plus 6%. And from a category standpoint, we again delivered organic sales growth across all four of our businesses: Oral Care, Personal Care, Home Care and Pet Nutrition. In order to drive this growth, we continue to invest behind our businesses. Total advertising spending was up nicely in the quarter. In particular, I would point to Hill's where a significant increase in spending over the past few years behind our purpose-driven marketing has been a key driver of the organic sales growth. We were also pleased to close the Filorga transaction on September 19th, continuing the expansion of our Personal Care portfolio into skin health, although we point out that Filorga's results from the acquisition date through quarter end were immaterial to our results of operations and were not included in our Q3 results. On the sustainability front, we received recognition from the Dow Jones Worldwide Sustainability Index, taking the lead in our industry sector for the first time. Back in September, Noel discussed our new recyclable toothpaste tube. We are currently in production and it will be on shelf under the Tom's brand in November. Moving to our Q3 results. Our net sales grew 2% in the quarter. We delivered 4.5% organic sales growth, with 3% unit volume growth and 1.5% favorable pricing. This was partially offset by foreign exchange impact of minus 2.5%. On a GAAP basis, our gross margin was even with Q3 2018. Excluding the impact of our Global Growth and Efficiency Program, it was down 20 basis points year-over-year. Pricing was a positive 70 basis point impact to gross margin in the third quarter, while our productivity programs drove a 240 basis point benefit. This was offset by a 310 basis point drag from raw materials inflation, which included foreign trend -- foreign exchange transaction costs. Other, primarily mix was unfavorable by 20 basis points. Our stronger growth in emerging markets relative to our developed markets business put some slight pressure on our gross margin. On an absolute basis, advertising investment was up 7% year-over-year. On a percent of sales basis, advertising was up 50 basis points year-over-year. Excluding charges resulting from our Global Growth and Efficiency Program and advertising spending, our SG&A expenses were up year-over-year in the third quarter on an absolute basis, but down as a percent of sales, as we were able to offset higher compensation and other costs with savings from our productivity programs. On a GAAP basis, diluted earnings per share of $0.67 were up 12% year-over-year in Q3. Excluding charges resulting from our Global Growth and Efficiency Program in 2019 and 2018, acquisition costs in 2019 and a charge related to U.S. tax reform in 2018, diluted earnings per share were down 1.5% to $0.71. Our free cash flow through the first nine months of 2019 was $1.9 billion, which was up 3% versus prior year. Taking a quick look at the divisions. North America net sales grew 1.5% in the quarter, driven by 1% pricing growth and 0.5% volume growth. There was no FX impact in the quarter. Our performance in e-commerce where we continue to see strong share growth and other non-measured channels, was partially offset by declines in food retail. We also remain very pleased with the performance of our skin health businesses, Elta MD and PCA Skin. Our focus in North America continues to be on the premiumization of our Oral Care portfolio through innovation. Colgate Total SF and Colgate Optic White drove pricing growth in the quarter, and we have further innovation to come in the next few quarters, particularly on Optic White. Europe posted a 5% decline in net sales, with organic sales flat and foreign exchange minus 5%. Growth in Northern Europe behind the relaunch of Colgate Total and our whitening brands, was offset by weakness in Western Europe, where the retail environment continues to be difficult. As with North America, we expect significant premium innovation to drive improved price mix going forward, as we have a full calendar of naturals innovation in the first half of 2020. Latin America net sales were up 3%, as 4.5% volume and 3.5% pricing were only partially offset by 5% negative foreign exchange. Our 8% organic sales growth was broad-based, as we saw organic sales growth in every hub for the third quarter in a row. While Brazil benefited from the year ago comparison, which included some impact from the trucker strike, the underlying business remains solid and pricing was up nicely, driven by premium products like Protex Face and Colgate Total 12. Net sales in Asia Pacific were up 2.5%. Volume growth was 2%. Pricing grew 1%, while foreign exchange was minus 0.5%. Organic sales growth of 3% was our first positive result in six quarters. Importantly, we delivered organic sales growth in the Greater China region in the quarter, driven by improvements in both volume and pricing. While the China improvement in the third quarter was ahead of our expectations, we remain laser-focused on executing our plan to return the business to sustainable profitable growth through improved go-to-market capabilities, China-specific innovation and improved brand marketing. Asia-Pacific growth was led by toothpaste, particularly our naturals portfolio and Colgate anti-cavity toothpaste. The Africa/Eurasia division delivered 5% net sales growth in the quarter, its best result in several years. Organic sales growth of 6% consisted of 4% pricing growth and 2% organic volume growth. FX was a 2% drag on net sales growth, while our newly established joint venture in Nigeria was a 1% benefit to net sales and volume growth. The organic sales growth in Africa/Eurasia was consistent across all hubs and we are particularly pleased with our strong performance in Eurasia in the quarter where our focus on faster growth channels like discounters is paying off. Momentum on our pet food business continued in Q3, as Hill's delivered 8.5% net sales growth and 10% organic sales growth. Hills' 6.5% volume growth was their best results since 2006. Pricing was positive at 3.5%, while foreign exchange was negative at minus 1.5%. Our core innovation strategy continues to deliver robust growth in North America and is now beginning to pay off internationally as we rollout the Science Diet relaunch around the globe. In August, Hill's partnered on NBCUniversal's annual Clear the Shelters Pet adoption campaign in the U.S. This year's campaign was its most successful ever, with over 160,000 pets adopted over the course of the campaign, an increase of 57% versus last year's program. Hill's earned over 9,000 displays, which helped drive the strong U.S. volume growth in the quarter. Moving on to guidance. We continue to expect net sales to be flat to up low-single-digits. We have raised our organic sales growth target to plus 3% to 4%, with the full-year growth rate roughly in line with year-to-date growth. We now expect our full-year gross margin to be down slightly on both a GAAP basis and excluding the items referenced in the earnings press release. We do expect gross margin to be up year-over-year on both a GAAP and non-GAAP basis in the fourth quarter. We would expect advertising as a percent of sales for the full year to be fairly consistent with the year-to-date level. We now expect our full-year 2019 tax rate to be between 24% and 24.5%, both on a GAAP basis and excluding the items referenced in the earnings press release. Our previous guidance was for 25% to 26%. This change includes the recent reduction in corporate taxes in India. As mentioned on the Q2 call, we will moderate our share repurchase activity for the next several quarters in order to return to a leverage ratio more in line with our ratio before the Filorga transaction. Based on current spot rates, we expect the GAAP earnings per share to be down low-single-digits for the year. Excluding the items referenced in the earnings press release, we still expect earnings per share to decline mid-single-digits for the year. And with that, I'll turn it over to Noel for the Q&A. Paula?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. First, we'll go to Steve Strycula with UBS.
Steve Strycula: So, Noel, question on the gross margin and for John as well. How do we think about what caused the weakness in Q3 in gross margin sequentially from the last quarter and what changes, if anything, to drive the positive inflection in Q4 and into next year? Thank you.
Noel Wallace : Sure. Thanks, Steve. So yes, we're disappointed with the gross margin in the third quarter. A couple things that happened that we weren't expecting. Obviously, the sales mix, as John outlined, with more growth coming with emerging markets had a softening impact on the margin line. This significant growth we saw on the Hill's business, which quite frankly was extraordinary. We're very pleased about that. Obviously, the mix more toward Science Diet versus prescription diet, obviously, compressed the margin a bit. Raw materials were slightly worse than we were expecting as we went into the quarter, as was foreign exchange, slightly worse than we were expecting as we went into the quarter. So overall, a couple surprises that came through. We're focused on the premiumization. We're focused on accelerating, funding the growth through the back half -- through the fourth quarter, excuse me. And obviously, getting the mix right across the regions and that's where we'll focus our attention going into the fourth quarter. So, we're confident we'll see fourth quarter margins rebound as we finish out the year.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman : Okay. Thank you. I was curious if you could talk a little bit about trends in North America. And I know Nielsen data clearly does not tell the full picture of your Oral Care business. But then seeing the results this quarter, it feels like we're still very much more price-mix heavy than volume heavy. So if you can talk a little bit about how that Total relaunch is progressing? What you're now seeing in terms of repeat, and if it -- maybe a thought that the pricing has gone possibly a little bit too far on that brand? Thanks.
Noel Wallace : Thanks, Lauren. Yeah, let me talk broadly on Colgate Total. Obviously, we're really pleased with the relaunch. Our shares are up on a global basis versus where they were pre-launch. As you know, we took a 10% price increase on that business globally. Particularly as it relates to the U.S., we took a 20% price increase on that business. There has been some elasticity that we've seen come through. Our share is down about three-tenths of a share point versus where we were before we started the relaunch. A little bit disappointing, we expected it to be flat to up. We're in the midst of looking at our messaging and ensure we get that corrected as we continue to accelerate investment behind that business moving forward. But pleased given the significance of the price increase that were slightly down, but more importantly, we'd like to see that turn around as we get some of the go-to-market and some of the marketing plans more sharp in the balance of the year. But globally, pleased, as I mentioned, the fact that we've gotten a 10% increase and we're growing share is a real progress for us. And we'll continue to put the investment behind that business as we move through the balance of this year and into the first half of next year. It's consistent with our -- with our strategy to get the core businesses moving and we'll look to relaunch some other core businesses in 2020. We will start to outline that as we move into the first quarter press release. Some of the excitement that we have on some of the innovation coming down that, that will come with more pricing as you would expect and more premiumizations. All-in-all, I think we're pleased with Colgate Total overall. The U.S. was a bump this quarter for sure. We were expecting a little bit more. It's been a tough promotional environment in the U.S. Other channels, non-tracked channels continue to do well, but not as well as we had in the second quarter, so a bit lumpy in that regard. We're very focused in the U.S., specifically on premium innovation and getting that right as we move into 2020. Our revenue growth management principles that we're starting to embed across the entire commercial organization, we see the discipline coming behind that. And we're quite optimistic that we'll see gross margins continue to improve as we move through the balance of 2020 and we'll see the shares come back as we start to put the premiumization strategy in place.
Operator: And moving on, we'll go to Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank.
Steve Powers: So tremendous top line performance in pet again this quarter. I guess the question for me is how does that compare to -- how does that compare to your plan coming in and how does it influence your thinking, if at all, going forward? Relatedly, when do you think you might see more of a profit inflection in that business, commensurate with the top-line momentum? And then if I could tack on a follow-on to Steve's Strycula question at the open. And I hear you on the puts and takes on gross margin in the quarter. But just as a follow-up on that, how might this quarter influence your thinking about realistic gross margin objectives looking into 2020? Because your 2019 represents, I think, the fourth time in about -- fourth time in five years that Colgate has come into the year targeting material gross margin improvement only to finish effectively flattish or down on the year. And I get the macro pressures. But I also see there is a recurring trend. So just how do you protect against being kind of overreaching again in 2020 and having to course correct midyear? Thanks.
Noel Wallace : Thanks, Steve. Let me get -- address Hill's first. Obviously, an extraordinary quarter for the Hill's business. The Science Diet relaunch, which is largely driven by the U.S. right now, we're in the midst of rolling that out through the rest of the world. So, we're quite excited about what that will bring moving forward. But the U.S. had just an exceptional quarter, particularly behind Science Diet. I think everything that we've been talking about in terms of driving the core, increase in the advertising, getting the pricing right on that business, getting the go-to-market and new channel distribution right. In fact, we were up 14% in farm and feed in the quarter and that just is a result of increased focus on some of these emerging channels. Our e-commerce shares grew eight-tenths of a share point. Our pet specialty share grew eight-tenths of a share point. So, all of this bodes well for sustainable growth moving forward. We see the continued growth in the pet category. Prescription diet has a significant amount of innovation coming in 2020, and we'll see that continue to play through the business. That obviously plays out in a much higher margin for the business. So the gross margins will improve as we move forward. We were surprised a bit, again, on the gross margin and the raw material increases that we saw on vitamins and other agricultural products in the quarter. The business has taken price increases at the beginning of the quarter, behind both the Science Diet business and the prescription diet business in order to recover that and build gross margins moving forward. So on Hill's, very pleased. It's sustainable. It's broad-based. And we've got the good news coming in terms of international expansion of SD and some good innovation coming on prescription diet. So all bodes well there. On your margin question, obviously, coming back to the core of our strategy, which is driving the core businesses with price increases in innovation, getting adjacencies right. Obviously, we're very pleased with how the portfolio is shaping up around skin health and the significant margin accretion over the long-term that will bring to our business and the growth that will bring to our business. The adjacent segments that we're going into, particularly around products with natural ingredients, particularly around sensitivity and gum around the world will bode well, channel expansion into pharmacies where we under index. Likewise, we have significant expansion opportunities in that channel, which will drive improved gross margin moving forward. So listen, we're disappointed. We know our history has been about consistent gross margin improvement. We are laser-focused on delivering the productivity through the P&L to make that happen moving forward. And I think as you see, the top-line continue to grow, which we've been focused on throughout this year. You're going to see the gross margins come behind that as we move through 2020.
Operator: And Jason English with Goldman Sachs has our next question.
Jason English : Hey. Good morning, folks. Thanks for slotting me in. I appreciate it. I'm going to build off of both of those points, real quick on pet. I see your incredibly strong numbers and congrats on that. I also see Nestle strong numbers on its legacy premium brand coming out the U.S. It does beg the question of whether or not we're seeing a broader market movement, pivoting back away from grain-free to some of the products you're offering and Nestle is offerings as well. I'd love it, if you could comment on that, particularly in the wake of the DCM concerns out there? And then coming back to gross margin real quick. I hear you on the mix components, but I'm nonetheless really surprised when we delve into North America and see 220 basis points of gross margin compression. Despite sort of an easy comp, sequentially your margins eroded a lot more in that market. Inflation pressure stepped up a lot, which seems to defy the broader cost curves we're looking at. And frankly, it leaves me a bit confounded. And I love it, if you could delve deeper there and just to illuminate what's happening there so we can better understand it?
Noel Wallace : Sure. Jason. Let me take the Hill's question first. Obviously, DCM has had an impact. I mean, I think there has been a return particularly to products like ours, which are very science-based and theres tremendous trust that we built over the years behind our brand. And as John mentioned, really moving a lot more advertising to our purpose-driven advertising I think has created great credibility and resonates with the consumer and the pet owners. And you've seen that translate into growth. Obviously, we're very premium priced. The broader market, which is, obviously, you see some of the competitors move into grocery. We think that's also afforded an opportunity for us to continue to differentiate ourselves, which I think talks to more long-term sustainability for that business moving forward. And the innovation pipeline, as I mentioned, is rich and robust. And they're bold on the pricing. So, I expect that business will continue to be -- perform very well for us. Now specifically on North America margins, obviously, very disappointed with what happened in the quarter. Both volume and pricing was a little below our expectations. Mix worked really against us in the quarter, both from a channel standpoint, from a sizing standpoint and from a category standpoint. So, we had all three moving against us in the quarter and we need to address that. And the team has put plans in place for the fourth quarter to get that turned around and ensuring as we move into the budget plans for 2020, that we address that. Manufacturing costs, likewise, were a little bit higher. That was the surprise. We're all over that, and we'll address that as we move into 2020. We expect Q4 to be up in North America. There will be some continued headwinds as we get the channels and the sizes are sorted out in terms of where we see the business. But likewise, I think, as we've seen across the total business that we'll see margins improve in the fourth quarter. The other areas, we're seeing lifts on promotion are not delivering what we expected. Obviously, a slightly more competitive environment with some of the smaller brands in the category. And I think as we continue to accelerate our spending, particularly in digital where we can gain, I believe an advantage, we're going to see that, hopefully, translate back to bigger brands growing faster. So, those are the components. We're on it. We're not pleased at all with it. And likewise, as we go into North America as we continue to accelerate the skin business, that will bode well for margins over the longer term.
Operator: And moving on, we'll go to Wendy Nicholson of Citi.
Wendy Nicholson : Hi. Just following up on that. First, on the skin care business, you've got three acquisitions. It sounds like you're pleased with each of them. It sounds like that each kind of fell a different niche. But can you comment on sort of any further appetite there? Do you feel like you kind of are where you want to be in skin with those three different businesses? But then my bigger question first, really just a follow-up. My bigger question is, you talked about maybe expanding the sort of relaunch initiative or program like you have with Total and Hill's this year, into some new categories next year. So bottom line, I'm wondering will operating margin go up next year? I care less about gross margin. I care more about how much you plan to spend on marketing? Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Thanks, Wendy. Yes, on your second question, we're not going to guide yet on 2020 as we get into the first quarter. We will give you deep transparency in terms of how we're thinking about margins and operating margins. But overall, if you take where we've been historically, I think you can interpret that we would obviously like to see all those moving in the right direction. Specifically, on the skincare, as you said, we're really pleased. I just returned from a two-week trip around the world meeting with some of the Filorga people, welcoming them into the Colgate family both in Europe and in China. And I was deeply excited from what I saw from a quality of talent standpoint, from the plans they have in place, from the growth they are delivering and the significant gross margins that they have on those businesses. The plans are solid. They're focused in terms of areas that we believe we can win in and where they believe they can win in on the Filorga business. So, I'm pleased theyre not trying to stretch themselves into different areas. They're very focused on the pharmacy channel. They are very focused on online and obviously building their travel retail business out, which is exciting. On Elta and PCA, again, terrific growth in the quarter for the business and we're now looking at the 2020 plans in terms of how we want to expand those businesses, which will be exciting. Obviously, the margins allow us to have a lot more flexibility as we move forward and the growth in the category looks terrific. So overall, we're quite pleased with what we have. Never say never, but our focus is to continue to accelerate the growth on those businesses from a top-line and a bottom-line standpoint.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Robert Ottenstein with Evercore ISI.
Robert Ottenstein : Great. Thank you very much. I was wondering if we can return to Oral Care. You mentioned that you were very pleased with the Colgate Total relaunch. I was wondering, first, if you can give us a sense of how much kind of global sales are up for that franchise? And then perhaps go into a little bit more detail globally on how you're doing with therapeutics? How are Elmex and Meridol doing? What markets they've been gaining traction in and maybe how much those are up? And then touch on naturals, particularly in countries that there have been issues and opportunities in China, Russia, and India? Thank you.
Noel Wallace : Yes, we won't comment specifically on the sales numbers. I will tell you that the toothpaste organic growth in the quarter was the highest we've had in six quarters, which is terrific for us. We saw the growth obviously accelerate as we roll Total across Latin America. Mexico and Brazil, our two largest markets, we've had significant success on the rollout of Colgate Total in those markets. Our premium share of the toothpaste segment in both Mexico and Brazil is up. The shares on Colgate Total in Brazil are up about 1.5, in Mexico about 0.5. So, they look terrific and driving, obviously, more of our business into the premium space. Overall, the shares look good on Colgate Total and we're pleased with what we're seeing. Relative to the second part of your question on pricing, the pricing -- I can't remember what you asked me, Robert?
Robert Ottenstein : On Elmex and Meridol, and then also on the naturals?
Noel Wallace : Thank you. Thank you. Yes, Elmex, as you've heard previously, we launched it in Latin America, specifically in Brazil. That business is doing well. We launched it in the pharmacy channel across both toothpaste, toothbrushes and mouth washes, are seeing great growth on toothpaste, seeing really good growth on toothbrushes. Mouthwash has been a bit soft. Likewise, we launched in China online. We've generated about a six-tenths of a share point in China on that business, which given the number of brands online, that is a good result for us. And we launched it in the NAMET region, the Northern Africa region. And that continues to do well. The other area was in Turkey with Meridol, which I think we talked about a little bit in the second quarter call how pleased we are with the performance of that business in Turkey that is taking us -- taking the business to market leadership with the success we've had behind both Meridol and Colgate. So overall, we're pleased with that and we're in the midst of thinking about the key markets we'll expand in 2020.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Ali Dibadj with Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj: Hey, guys. So, I just have one kind of broad question, taking a step back a little bit. And we see kind of among your peers the kind of the anomaly with a little bit of difficulty -- certainly relative difficulty taking pricing, particularly with such a big innovation rollout with Total and commodities should have been allowing you to take prices. But it was tougher for you than others. Why do you think that is? Is there particularly different category competitive dynamic? For example, Sensodyne's parent company going public in the next couple of years. And I guess related to that, you've in the past have been pretty adamant about saying that you are investing enough and 2019 is kind of one year, reinvestment year rather than a multi-year investment year. Does anything you've seen so far -- again, the category competitive dynamic, ROIs done on the promotional spend, you mentioned a moment ago. Anything at all that gives you pause on the assertion previously that this isn't a multi-year reinvestment phase for Colgate? And I guess, underlying that whether you're going to have to increase reinvestment even further into 2020? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: So, let me take the pricing question first, Ali. We are really pleased with the pricing on a -- we've had -- on a two-year stack, we've had four quarters of sequential growth on pricing, so it looks terrific for us. And I think in an environment that we compete in today, which is certainly very competitive around the world to get that pricing through not only on Colgate Total but across our franchises is terrific. The focus on the core business, bringing real value to consumers into the trade and delivering increased prices through that, we believe is working and that will be the continued strategy moving forward. Your second point on advertising and investment, listen, we need to continue to investing behind our business and we need to continue to accelerate share growth across the world. We've got a robust pipeline of innovation coming. We're going to continue to support that. We've got big core relaunches coming that we will support. But obviously, getting the gross margin going and continued productivity across the P&L is where we are laser-focused on right now. And that's how we'll construct the P&L for 2020 in terms of how we look at using operating margin, both from a gross margin and the [BO] standpoint to help fund the advertising that we'll need to drive the top-line.
Operator: Moving on, we'll go to Olivia Tong with Bank of America.
Olivia Tong : Great. Thanks. Good morning. First, just on the Optic White innovation North America. I would imagine that that's smaller than the Total relaunch. So, can you talk about other things that you're planning to do in the market to help offset the higher base? And then just a follow-up on the advertising. You've been increasing advertising spend for four consecutive quarters now. Organic growth has been steadily improving. But -- like where or how are you going to improve return on your spend because you have some markets and brands that have really taken off like Hill's and you said you were going to improve in China and you did, but then North American growth has now decelerated. So, is there a need to potentially increase investment even more aggressively from here or what's going to improve the ROI on that? Thank you.
Noel Wallace : Sure. Thanks, Olivia. So on the North America question, they've got a great pipeline behind Optic White in terms of some of the innovation coming, which will include premiumization. As you can imagine that, likewise, we'll be looking at premiumization around the world on Optic White. In fact, we have introduced a 20-pound toothpaste behind Optic White in UK to give you a sense of the boldness of how we're thinking about some of the premiumization strategies. Likewise, when you take the trend towards natural ingredients in the U.S., you'll see expansions across the Colgate portfolio as obviously a step up on our Tom's of Maine business as well, which we think will be important in terms of driving more premiumization in the North America business and driving more share growth. Relative to pricing and what we need in advertising around the world, listen, let me come back to revenue growth management and how we're trying to embed that across the world, across the commercial organization. We talked about it a bit. But as I travel, I'm getting more encouraged by the fact that it's taking on deep commercial ownership. So historically, we would take pricing and the directive for that came out of the marketing organization. Now, we're taking our GM across the entire commercial enterprise and holding everyone accountable for delivering pricing opportunities moving forward, not just the marketing folks. So, this is going to be shared responsibility to really go after how we drive ASP, which will ultimately bode well, I think, for the margin. And the spending that we'll need around the world to continue to fund the opportunities that we have. So, on the advertising and the P&L dynamics for 2020, we will come back to you in the first quarter and give you a lot more clarity on how we're thinking about things. The return on investment, we'll see really coming through as we continue to focus on these big core businesses, which we need to get turned around. And that's where we're going to get the best return on investment, putting a lot more support behind data analytics, particularly in the digital space where we have the ability to really cultivate learning in terms of what's working, what's not. And that will obviously improve our ROI as we move forward.
Operator: And Kevin Grundy with Jefferies, has our next question.
Kevin Grundy: Noel, question on North America and specifically the competitive environment currently and looking forward. So in a context overall, there is a consensus view that industry participants have been relatively rational from a pricing and promotion perspective over the past 12 months with pricing that was put into place in the fall. But as the industry starts to cycle this pricing and with commodity headwinds now less onerous than they have been, it would be great to get your updated thoughts on the promotional environment and specifically the potential for competitive intensity to pick up your, potentially, the detriment of the profit pool. So, any thoughts there would be helpful? Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Yes, I think the environment has been more rational, to be sure, around the world, particularly in North America. I would say the one exception would be Brazil where we've seen some odd pricing in some of the categories, which just doesn't make any sense. But specifically, as it relates to North America, we've seen -- obviously, a lot of our competitors are working together with the trade, everyone is looking to drive category value. And that's what we need to do. We need to ensure that our innovation is premium. We need to ensure that it is driving category dollars and that's where everyone wins in that regard. We've seen certainly over the last six months to nine months a little bit of pickup in some of the smaller brands, the trade picking up some of those and pushing those. So in the long-term, my view is the big brands, as they get more dialed in on digital, they get more dialed in on how they do data-driven marketing, you'll see opportunities for the big brands to continue to increase the residents and the relatability that we have with consumers. And that's what's key as we compete against some of these smaller brands. So overall, a rational competitive environment, a little bit more competition from smaller brands. You see a -- the promotional lifts, not as high as they used to be. But I don't see sales on promotion increasing, which is a good news. So, we need to get the innovation right and the premiumization right in North America and we'll be off to the races.
Operator: Moving on, we'll go to Bill Chappell with SunTrust .
Bill Chappell : Just a little bit follow-up on Mexico in particular, but all of LatAm. We've certainly heard from some of your peers and multinationals that there is some slowing there. And so, I guess, maybe what you're seeing for the key market? And then also your ability to -- in line with all the rest of the questions today -- take price as we go into next year with that in mind?
Noel Wallace: Sure. So, let me take the two big markets, Brazil and Mexico. I'll take Brazil first. Brazil, obviously, up versus where we were last year, a little slowdown in the third quarter but the consumer continues to be a pretty robust there. Our business was up double digits in the third quarter. Obviously, a slightly easier comp versus where we were with the trucker strike, which partially hit us in the third quarter last year. But again, as I look at Brazil, and quite frankly, Latin America, good pricing, good volume, following good pricing that we took in the second quarter of 2019. So after aggressive pricing, we saw volume come back very nicely across the region. And we think that really bodes well for the underlying health of Latin America, specifically Brazil looks pretty good. Mexico, on the other hand, a little softer. We saw a little softness in the quarter versus what we've seen in the first half of the year. I think there is some uncertainty in terms of politically and economically where things are going there. Our strategy is the same. We're focused on premiumization. As I mentioned earlier, the total business is performing exceptionally well in that market. We're pushing naturals, natural ingredients into the portfolio as well. We've seen that as a significant ASP premium to the market. We are pushing sensitivity in that market. We have seen some nice growth on that as well. So overall, it's a premiumization strategy across the region. But as we see some of the markets slow, specifically Mexico, we will dial that up.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Andrea Teixeira with J.P. Morgan.
Andrea Teixeira: Hi. Thank you for squeezing me in. If you can speak a little bit on Asia Pac, it showed the sequential improvement on the headline but not on a two-year stack. But particularly on the volumes, I think you kind of -- you inflected volumes there and you accelerated. Is that related to the -- can we read into the China destocking and improvement that you called about in the second half? Is that how you see? Is that according to plan? Anything you'd call out on China or Asia Pac in particular? Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Thanks, Andrea. Yes, we're pleased. Obviously, as John mentioned, with Asia, it's a little ahead of our expectations. We saw growth across every one of our hubs. It was broad-based and strong in terms of volume and price. And we feel that the momentum we have across Asia will continue. The particular call out was China. Obviously, a journey to get here, and we feel the strategies we've put in place in terms of our go-to-market changes, our portfolio changes, how we're working across the different retail environments, particularly online and the structural changes that we made in that organization are all starting to pay off, as we saw China deliver its first positive organic since Q4 of 2017. So again, it's been a while to get there, but we feel we're in a very good place and we'll continue to see that growth accelerate as we move into the fourth quarter and as we look at the 2020 plans, we would certainly hope to see that business continuing to grow. We realize that a lot of our competitors are getting significant growth out of China, so this bodes well that we continue to see our business accelerate and the strategies that we've put in place are starting to work.
Operator: Moving on, we'll go to Mark Astrachan with Stifel.
Mark Astrachan: Two questions, I guess. One is just on Hill's. Maybe talk about how you're thinking about sustainability? Maybe was there any benefit from incremental channel fill from some of the new product launches in the U.S. in particular and just kind of how you're thinking about that? And then back to gross margin, I guess I'm a little surprised. You're surprised at what happened in the quarter. You talked about taking pricing on Hill's early in the quarter, so you had some idea there. It seems that there was going to be some pressure. North America was the category that had the -- geography that had the most pressure kind of in your backyard. So, when we were on the phone at the end of July, I mean, how much of this did you know at that point? What kind of visibility, then do you have at this point to tell us that you expect improvement in 4Q and going forward?
Noel Wallace: So, let me talk about the sustainability in the Hill's business first, then we'll talk about pricing and margins again. Obviously, on Hill's, that business is hitting on all cylinders right now. They're expanding our presence in store, I think because the trade sees the sell-ins of the brand and how important it is to consumers in terms of how we're positioning the brand itself, and the messaging and the benefits that come with that. The pricing has stuck. The pricing you mentioned, Mark, was not in the second quarter. We've just taken pricing in the fourth quarter. So at the end of September, we took additional round of pricing on both our Hill's Science Diet business as well as the prescription diet business. So, that will hit us more in the fourth quarter, as we see the benefits of that coming through the P&L. We're in the midst of rolling out the Science Diet business globally. We've started in Latin America. It's moving into Asia in Japan, as well as Europe. And we've seen the early indications are like we've seen in U.S., so that bodes well for the sustainability of that business moving forward. What I also mentioned earlier is that we have really dialed up our innovation and are focused on the prescription diet part of the business, which is, you'll start to see those plans unfold in 2020. And we're certainly confident that, that business is going to continue to drive good results. Obviously, the quarter was exceptional. I'm not suggesting we're going to see double-digit growth in the fourth quarter or 2020 but we will see good strong growth as well as margin expansion as we move into 2020. Listen, on the mix issue, it was surprise for us, Mark. If you look back historically, we've always had positive or no impact on mix relative to our business. We saw some geographic issues. We saw some category issues in the quarter and we didn't anticipate that as we moved in -- as we moved through the second quarter discussion. As we moved into the quarter, it looked fine. As we went through the balance of the quarter, it got a little bit more challenging. And so we're on that. We are addressing that and have the right discussions with the teams moving forward. We, obviously, are a little bit more FX-ed that came through the P&L, than expected as well. That was a surprise to us. We were all hopeful that given the strong FX hits that we had last year, that we would see a more benign environment that picked up in the quarter. The good news is that's dropped back and we see spot rates coming back today. And we're hopeful that those spot rates will hold. But the surprise there was both mix and FX, and as I mentioned earlier, some of the raw packing materials that we saw come through the P&L as well.
Operator: And I'd like to turn it back to our presenters for any additional or closing comments.
Noel Wallace: No, thanks. Again, I appreciate the questions. We're on the gross margin discussion. 90 days through the quarter, we'll get that addressed moving forward. Obviously, the top-line sequential growth looks terrific for the business. It's broad-based across all of our categories, as well as both emerging and developed markets. As we look to the first quarter, we will come back to you with, obviously, a lot more specificity in terms of guidance for 2020. Let me again thank the 35,000 Colgate people who have worked so hard to deliver that sequential growth in the P&L, which looks terrific. And we look forward to continue discussions as we move into the fourth quarter and first quarter call. Thanks so much.
Operator: And it does conclude todays conference. We would like to thank everyone for their participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-26 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to todays Colgate-Palmolive Company Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgate-palmolive.com. Now, for opening remarks, Id like to turn the call over to Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, John Faucher. Please go ahead, John.
John Faucher: Thanks Ebony. Good morning and welcome to our second quarter earnings release conference call. This is John Faucher, Senior Vice President for Investor Relations. Todays conference call will include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from these statements. Please refer to the earnings press release and our most recent filings with the SEC including our 2018 Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings all available on Colgates website for a discussion of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these statements. This conference call will also include a discussion of non-GAAP financial measures, including those identified in table 8 and 9 of the earnings press release. A full reconciliation to the corresponding GAAP financial measures is included in the earnings press release and is available on Colgates website. Joining me this morning are Noel Wallace, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Henning Jakobsen, Chief Financial Officer. I will start off with some thoughts on our progress halfway through the year. I'll then provide some details on Q2 and our full year outlook. I will then turn it over to Noel for his thoughts and he'll open it up for your questions. Halfway through 2019, were pleased but not satisfied with the acceleration in organic sales growth. As Noel discussed earlier in the year, delivering on our organic sales growth target is our number one priority for 2019. We continue to focus on executing against three key areas to accelerate growth: using innovation to drive the core, pushing into adjacent higher growth segments and expanding our availability in faster growth channels. These strategies have helped us to deliver broad-based improvement in organic sales growth over the past few quarters with a healthy balance between price and volume growth. For both the first and second quarters we've delivered organic sales growth across all four product categories: Oral Care, Personal Care, Home Care and Pet Nutrition and in both developed and emerging markets. Our first area of focus is driving the core through innovation like Colgate Total and Hill's Science Diet re-launches. Weve seen Colgate Total's global market share improved sequentially since the re-launch and we're seeing significant increases in pricing across key markets. For Science Diet were seeing share gains in brick and mortar, as well as in e-commerce in the U.S. Were just at the beginning of the international rollout of this re-launch and the initial retailer response has been positive. Secondly, we are pushing into adjacent higher-growth segments like Naturals and Therapeutics. We are very pleased with the progress that our Charcoal launches are making around the world and we continue to expand elmex and meridol to new markets. Our third focus is to expand the availability of our products around the world by focusing on faster growth channels like e-commerce and discounters which are driving much of the category growth. Our U.S. e-commerce business continues to deliver growth well in excess of the category driving significant toothpaste market share gains in the second quarter and year-to-date. Next we're pleased to share progress in gross margin expansion in the second quarter as our gross margin was up for the first time in five quarters. Our focus on delivering pricing through premiumization and revenue growth management is paying off both in terms of organic sales growth and at the gross margin line, and our funding the growth initiatives are having a strong year so far. We are also very excited about the transaction we announced two weeks ago. Weve spoken over the past few years about our focus on skin health. The completion of our acquisition of the Laboratoires Filorga Cosmtiques Skin Care business will provide us with a high margin, very high-growth brand with a focus on the anti-ageing segment. Filorga had net sales of approximately $250 million for the latest 12 months ending June 2019. The business is also nicely profitable as it has growth in operating margins that are above our overall Personal Care margins. As we said in the press release announcing the transaction, we expect no impact to EPS this year from Filorga, that excludes $0.01 of transaction costs. We expect roughly $0.01 of earnings accretion in 2020. We plan to finance the acquisition with a combination of cash and debt. In order to pay down the additional debt more quickly, we intend to reduce our share repurchase activity after the close of the transaction. We expect this will reduce our 2019 growth share repurchase by around 10% from last year's total of $1.24 billion. Finally, we made some real progress on enhancing our leadership on sustainability. As part of our 2025 target to make all of our packaging recyclable, we received the first-ever approval for recyclable toothpaste tube in The United States from the Association of plastic recyclers. This is a big step in our sustainability journey. Moving to our Q2 results. Our net sales declined 0.5% in the second quarter. We delivered 4% organic sales growth with 1% unit volume growth and 3% favorable pricing. This was more than offset by negative foreign exchange impact of 4.5%. On a GAAP basis, our gross margin was up 50 basis points year-over-year. Excluding the impact of our Global Growth and Efficiency Program, it was up 30 basis points year-over-year. Pricing was a positive 100 basis point impact to gross margin in the second quarter, while strong productivity performance drove a 220 basis point benefit. This was mostly offset by a minus 300 basis point drag from raw materials inflation, which includes foreign exchange transaction cost and other was favorable by 10 basis points. On an absolute basis, advertising investment was up 3% year-over-year. On a percent of sales basis advertising was up 40 basis points year-over-year with increases on a percent of sales basis in every division. We still expect the greater increase in advertising spending on both an absolute basis and as a percent of sales in the second half of the year. Excluding charges resulting from our Global Growth and Efficiency Program and advertising spending, our SG&A expenses were up year-over-year in the second quarter on an absolute basis and as a percent of sales. As higher compensation, logistics costs and the cycling of some one time benefits in the year-ago period more than offset savings from our productivity programs. On a GAAP basis diluting earnings per share of $0.68 were down 7% year-over-year in Q2. Excluding charges resulting from our Global Growth and Efficiency Program in 2019 and 2018 and the benefit from a foreign tax matter in 2018 diluted earnings per share were down 6% to $0.72. Our free cash flow through the first half was $1.1 billion which was up 2% versus prior year. Now taking a quick look at the divisions. North America net sales grew 2.5% in the quarter as 2% volume growth and 1% pricing growth were partially offset by minus 0.5% foreign exchange. North America Oral Care growth was led by our toothpaste business where the Colgate Total relaunch help drive significant positive pricing. Our Personal Care growth was led by our PCA Skin and Elta MD professional skin care businesses, which continued to deliver a very strong growth. On the Home Care business Fabuloso continued its strong performance reaching its highest ever market share in the US. Europe posted a 5% decline in net sales with organic sales up 1% and foreign exchange minus 6%. Were seeing sequential market share implement following the Colgate Total relaunch in key markets like the UK, Spain and Italy. On the Personal Care side, our Sanex physiological line, which brings pharmacy trends into mass channels, is driving incremental share and body cleansing. Latin America net sales were down 0.5% as 1.5% volume and 5.5% pricing were offset by 7.5% negative foreign exchange. For the second quarter in a row, we saw organic sales growth in every hub, including Mexico and Brazil. The underlying category growth rates in Latin America remain modestly positive, which is an improvement versus 2018. Our focus on premiumizing our portfolio through the Colgate Total relaunch, additional Oral Care and Personal Care premium innovation and revenue growth management, drove the strong pricing growth across the division. Net sales in Asia Pacific were down 4%, driven by negative foreign exchange of 3%, a 1.5% decline in volume and positive pricing of 0.5%. We showed improvement in organic sales growth in the quarter, led by better pricing growth. As expected, China remained drag on our results, with all of the other hubs showing organic sales growth. Were encouraged by the performance of the natural toothpaste brands in India and Thailand, while our South Pacific business benefited from strong pricing for the Colgate Total relaunch. Our results in China improved sequentially in the quarter, but remained negative, as we continue to focus on optimizing our distribution network. As we indicated last quarter, we expect more significant improvement in the second half of the year. The Africa, Eurasia division delivered robust underlying performance in the quarter, with net sales up 0.5%, volume plus 3.5%, pricing up 6% and foreign exchange of minus 9%. The division delivered organic sales growth across every hub, driven by strong pricing. Significant investment in advertising spending over the past few years is paying off in improved growth across the division. Our Eurasia hub continued its improved performance, led by Russia, with solid volume and pricing growth, aided by the Colgate Total re-launch. Our strong volume and pricing performance in Turkey allowed the Colgate brand to achieve all-time highs in market share and establish market share leadership. Our Sub-Saharan Africa business also delivered a nice combination of volume and pricing growth in the quarter. Hill's continued to deliver in Q2, with net sales growth of 3.5%, volume growth of 2% and pricing growth of 4%, were partially offset by negative foreign exchange of minus 2.5%. The turnaround at Hill's over the last 2 years shows that a combination of increased marketing support and strong innovation, behind a compelling brand purpose narrative, can drive growth. While growth was led by North America, every hub delivered positive pricing and every hub, but one, delivered volume growth in the quarter. The international results are encouraging, since they do not yet reflect any impact from the Science Diet re-launch outside of North America. Europe grew both volume and pricing in the quarter, behind our new Prescription Diet Stews business and e-commerce growth. Moving on to full year guidance, which excludes the impact of the Florida transaction. We continue to expect net sales to be flat to up low single digits and organic sales to be up 2% to 4%. Given our performance year-to-date, we would expect organic sales to be towards the higher end of that 2% to 4% range. Based on current spot rates for the full year, we still expect gross margin to be up year-over-year on both a GAAP basis and excluding charges related to our Global Growth and Efficiency Program. We expect the benefits of pricing and our productivity programs to offset an overall increase in raw material costs which include foreign exchange transaction cost. We would expect advertising as a percent of sales for the full year to be fairly consistent with the first half level. We now expect our full year 2019 tax rate to be between 25% and 26% both on a GAAP basis and excluding charges related to our Global Growth and Efficiency Program in 2019 and 2018 and the charge related to U.S. tax reform and the benefit from a foreign tax matter in 2018. Our previous guidance was for 25.5% to 26.5%.  Based on current spot rates, we expect GAAP earnings per share to be down low single digits for the year. Excluding charges related to the Global Growth and Efficiency Program in 2019 and 2018 and the charge related to U.S. tax reform and the benefit from a foreign tax matter in 2018 based on current spot rates, we expect earnings per share to decline mid-single digits for the year. And with that, I'll turn it over to Noel.
Noel Wallace: Great. Thanks John and good morning everyone. I thought I'd open up with a few thoughts before we jump into the Q&A. Solid quarter to be sure. We're pleased with the broad-based acceleration in organic sales growth, particularly for geographic and category level and more sharply around emerging markets as we've continued to focus on accelerating that part of the world. As weve said in the past and you've heard me talk about we're really trying to drive faster growth differently and that really begins with a clear understanding of our categories, clear understanding of our consumers in our retail environments and how they are changing and how it shapes our efforts, how it allocates our investments differently, how we decide to innovate differently against those changes and informs the investment choices that we make so far through the first half of the year and moving through the back of the year as well. Happily, you are seeing us pay off to our increased investments in our focus on driving the core through to better utilization as John mentioned. Were very selective on the adjacent segments that we're going after, Naturals particularly is important; the Premium Therapeutic is an area of opportunity for us; and most recently the focus that we have on Skin Health behind Elta PCA and soon as we integrate the Filorga acquisition that we recently announced. Lastly on the channel acceleration and specifically our go to market approach and we're going after e-commerce where we've seen significant acceleration in the first half of the year as well as in pharmacy and discount stores. Now while the shares in track channels are not where they -- where we like them to be, the first step is obviously accelerating growth across our business on a broad-based perspective and you're going to start to see the shares improve in the back half, but first we need to get the top line moving. And as you well know generating significant share growth and organic growth in non-track channels which is obviously not picked up in the share results that you're looking at. But we know we need to drive profitable growth and to do that we need to change how we think about driving productivity across the organization as well. Of course, we remain focused on those traditional efforts that we've done so well. Our focus on finding the cost which is off to a great start in the first half of the year in particular an accelerated in the second half of the quarter. The due jab which is come to end in the balance of this year, but we are well focused on fully maximizing that as we move through the next six months of the year. And our productivity lens really needs to move beyond just the cost-cutting efforts. We need to think about productivity, and how we really maximize and fully realize the capacity of all the Colgate people around the Colgate world. And to do that, we need to change how we work: eliminating and streamlining processes getting to quicker decisions through the use of data and analytics, using technology across the enterprise to support our business more effectively. You heard me talk about a little bit in the past on SAP, and how we're  now upgrading S/4HANA and we're now looking to build global capabilities once again that will make us far more productive with a single global standard far more simplified and automated system, to allow us to get their decisions quicker, and allow us to find efficiency faster. All of these changes were importantly free up capacity of Colgate people to drive growth and do that on a more sustainable basis moving forward. So excited about the progress we're making, but as I said earlier, more work to do. With that, I'll turn it over to you for the Q&A please.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question from Dara Mohsenian of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Dara Mohsenian: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Noel Wallace: Hey, Dara.
Dara Mohsenian: So this is now your third skin care deal in the last couple of years here in the segment for a company that generally has been pretty to judicious with M&A in the past. And you mentioned skin care expansion is a priority last quarter. So I was just hoping, if you could give us a better state of the union around your interest in skin care, is gaining a lot more scale in the segment of priority as you look out over the next 5 to 10 years? And just help us better understand the strategy to succeed in the segment from a Colgate perspective particularly relative to some of the larger established competitors that seemingly you are spending a lot of money and effort already in this segment? What gives you the confidence that Colgate can prosper in Skin Care? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: All right, Dara. Thanks. Obviously, we're - let's start off with Elta and PCA which we talked about know a couple of times. We love the capabilities they're bringing to the organization, but underscoring that is the category itself. I mean, Skin Care is a significant category. It's growing at a cliff of about 5% to 6% globally. We know, it's highly margin accretive to us and we feel like the spaces that we are very thoughtfully selected to participate in are spaces that we can do well. So we talked about Elta particularly as we relate to the fact that they're very derm recommended and the capabilities and that we can bring to that on PCA statistician driven and the endorsements that we can continue to drive there. And more recently with Filorga, obviously they are very strong in the pharmacy channel, which we think we can obviously bring significant value to. Were being selective on the space as we go into, but continue to be very judicious on the acquisition front. These things kind of happen in stream so to speak and we're obviously building out a very strong skin care portfolio, but will continue to be very, very mindful moving forward, and how we continue to build that. If I look at Filorga very specifically, we really love the brand. It's positioned extraordinarily well demographically, when you look around the world. 90% of its business is in anti-ageing and certainly the demographic trends that we see both here in North America and all around the world bode well for that business moving forward. Antiaging within the Skin Care segment is the fastest-growing sub-segment within Skin Care. It's highly profitable to the business and accretive on a gross margin basis. Importantly, they got a really well-balanced management team with significant experience in Skin Care that we think will add real value to us. And as I mentioned earlier, we like the profile of the channels, particularly the pharmacy growth where their premium price within pharmacy, which we think will add a lot of value to our pharmacy business around the world and they've got new expansion opportunities and emerging channels in the world. And last, I'd say geographically, obviously strengthen in Europe, but more importantly emerging strength in Asia, and particularly China. So those are the reasons, we like Skin Care. Were going to be continued to answer your question to be very judicious and thoughtful about M&A. We feel we got really good one here and it's going to round out the Skin Care portfolio quite nicely.
Dara Mohsenian: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Well take our next question from Andrea Teixeira, JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Andrea Teixeira: Thank you. Good morning.
Noel Wallace: Good morning.
Andrea Teixeira: Good morning. So can you please elaborate a little bit more on the funding for growth. I think you came in well in the gross margin level. And usually it's back loaded in the balance of the year. So my question is, if we should be seeing that probably slightly ahead of expectation and that funding bit of your overhead expenses on that one if you can tell us, I think its part of your SG&A came in a little stronger, because you're investing in these emerging channels that you just described for Skin Care? r is there anything that may have been heavier in the quarter? And if we have time - if I can just squeeze in China if you could update us on the changes there and the distribution that'll be great? Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Thanks, Andrea. So let me quickly go through the margin forward which I think you heard John take you through. But in summary, were obviously pleased with the pricing that we generate in the quarter up one point and funding the growth as you mentioned a little bit outpacing where we where at this time last year. And I think that's a result of more sharpened focused on the cost lines, specifically moving to the first half of this year. And that bodes well obviously for the back of this year, particularly as we see hopefully lower transaction costs are coming through the P&L given were lapping some of the significant deval that we had in the second half of last year, material prices were up about 300 basis points, so those are obviously offset with the strong pricing and a strong funding growth that we had. So the outlook for the balance as John mentioned that, we expect to see our gross margin is up and we'll continue to be very sharply focused on funding the growth. And I think the efforts that we have around revenue growth management and premiumization of our bundles, particularly around the core bode well for the back of the year. On the SG&A line, the biggest impact on SG&A in the quarter were result of the following: higher logistics cost, which we've seen as you know creeping into the P&L over the last six to nine months, a swinging compensation this year versus last year, where obviously the results were weaker in the quarter, and last year we had some one-time benefits that we're now lapping through the P&L. Looking ahead, we obviously do not feel we got an issue of cost at SG&A line. We're very focused on maximizing the GGEP programs through the last six months of the year. More importantly, setting up some of the significant changes we've made around the company both structurally and operationally to ensure that they continues to yield savings for us as we move into 2020. The other element of that is looking at what we're going to do with S/4HANA, as I mentioned upfront significant structural change for us over the next 18 months, where we anticipate that will generate significant savings for us as we look to standardize, processes and systems around the world and find ways to drive more agility to the systems. So, all in all, we think we're in a good place. The growth in SG&A was more one time. We think, we feel we got good control of that moving forward.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank.
Steve Powers: Hey, great. Thanks. Good morning all. So, as John highlighted, you've been hard at regaining traction in Asia and China specifically over the past several quarters. And it sounds like, you still feel optimistic about those efforts beginning to take greater hold in the second half. But can you maybe help frame your expectations for us in a bit more detail, just in terms of what success would look like over the balance of the year in that region for you? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Its progress specifically. Obviously, we've seen progress sequentially in the quarter from first or second. Asia came in slightly ahead of plan, but not enough to change the outlook that we have guided for the back of the year. Importantly, on Asia, all hubs were up very nicely in the quarter outside of China. And China was sequentially up in the quarter. And so, as we've guided before, we anticipated that we'll continue to see that improvement through the back half of this year. And that's the plan that we're executing as we speak.
Operator: Well take our next question from Ali Dibadj with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Ali Dibadj: Hey, guys. Thanks. I guess, I'm probably just trying to understand whether you think you're hitting the right balance investments versus topline and bottom line delivery. You guys see it much more granularity, but kind of from the outside -- certainly looks like SG&A expenses were up 195 basis points you just said that short term. We could tell A&P was only up about 40 basis points on a percent of sales year-on-year which is below what we had thought and certainly below we thought for the year. And then meanwhile, you mentioned the global toothpaste share was down 40 basis points year-on-year, manual toothpaste share was down 40 basis points year-on-year become to continues to loose share in North America, I guess the U.S.; Mexico; Brazil; Russia; India; China. And to be clear, this is not tracked or untracked out of. This is just by our numbers in the release. And then, you're getting to the EPS by better taxes, lowering the increase in A&P for the year and now seeing you're in a curtailed buybacks by 10% for these acquisitions in Skin care. So it's - you put this mosaic together and I guess I'm struggling to see the clear vector that suggests that you're getting the right balance in terms of investment for the long term. So, or do you need to make more dramatic actions on cost savings or spend back or something else. So, I'm just trying to get a sense of which of those mosaic pieces I should overemphasize versus are underemphasize to feel comfortable that the balance in investments is the right one? Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Thanks, Ali. So let's start with the story that we've been communicating externally which is that is to get an acceleration of topline growth back into the P&L. And the investment strategy to do that as you've seen, we've accelerated our investments and to be sure that acceleration is paid off in the first quarter and then acceleration in the second quarter. And specifically in the second quarter you've see an acceleration across all of our categories relative to that investment. You've seen acceleration across all of our geographies ex-Asia with that investment. So we're pleased by frankly with the focus that we put in a story that were building throughout the organization, which is to accelerate top line growth through an accelerated Investment Strategy, you're certainly seeing that payoff. We haven't seen the shares move, as you mentioned we started to see some of the accelerate as we move through the back half of the quarter. The total which is received a decent amount investment in the first half and will continue to receive investment through the balance of the year. Our shares are up globally on that basis. And remember a big part of that was ensuring the investment help us generate the price increase that we executed behind that relaunch, which is on average we are seeing about 10% come through on total globally. So the Investment Strategy to ensure that they had a successful launch we think is playing out. And as you heard from John, likewise on Science Diet where we've accelerated investment we've seen growth across all areas of the P&L and all areas of the business. So again, from an investment standpoint, the story was more investment to generate top line growth and were seeing that we take on a balance basis throughout the world.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jason English: Hey. Good morning, folks. Thanks for sorting me in. Weve obviously covered a reasonable ground already. I guess, I'd like drill in a bit deeper on Latin America. As already referenced in money to your market share by country Brazil and Mexico are two areas are excluded from your market share growth figures, yet Latin America has been sort of held up as the area where you reach to your innovation process. It's got perhaps the fastest speed to market a lot going on, you've been expanded channels. Can you update us on the progress of that? And hows it maybe sequentially market share maybe building in these markets? And also still sticking Latin America, sorry really is a still long winded, this is also the area where going to your segment bridges you're seeing more sequential increase in overhead expenses and the increases is pricing in context of the FX pressure there. Can you give us a little more color on where that money is going in that market? Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Okay. A lot there. So let me step back on Latin America. Again, the focus strategy around core adjacencies and segments we think is really playing out in the quarter. And again, sequentially up on the first quarter, they've now seen two strong quarters of growth and very balanced growth at that relative to pricing and volume. Good pricing coming through in the quarter as well, which is obviously driven by some changes that we made on Colgate Total, as well as our reacting to some of the inflationary pressures that we saw coming through the P&L in the back half of 2018. Looking specifically at Mexico and Brazil, I think we're quite pleased and what we're seeing there. On Brazil, obviously, the categories look okay, slightly down in the second quarter, but on the half still up versus where we were last year. We've seen some promotional pricing on the lower end of the franchise particularly around the Sorriso brand, which we talked about in the first quarter. That continued in the second quarter obviously a bigger dip in February on shares, but starting to see that slowly come back. But more pleasingly was the launch of Colgate Total in both those markets has done very, very well, just getting out of the gates about a month and half of real clear readings on it in Brazil the share is up about 0.5 points on Colgate Total to at least from what I'm seeing a record high share for quite some time at $17.5. And likewise in Mexico, we're up over a point on Colgate Total, where overall shares are flat. So I think the strategy that we're putting in place particularly on Oral Care and driving the core paying off, as I mentioned I think previously, they are pushing aggressively into new channel expansion in pharmacy with the launch of elmex that is driving incremental share in pharmacy as we speak. And we're happy to see what elmex is doing and continues to grow month end and month out. And the launching into some new adjacencies as well across the division which is doing well. What I was particularly excited about in the quarter was every single operating hub group across Latin America. We haven't see that for quite some time at least consistently. So again, I think the strategies there that we're deploying around the core adjacencies and segments are playing well. Good pricing in the second quarter, which will play out obviously with our Investment Strategy in the back half. And we're seeing more and more investment go in. Coming back to certain extent to Ali's question, as we see Latin America accelerate, our Latin America has a lower advertising to sales given some of the cost of media in those businesses and that obviously moved its way through the overall company P&L. But again good plants in the back half with accelerated investment in that region.
Operator: Well take our next question from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Lauren Lieberman: Great. Thanks so much.
Noel Wallace: Hi, Lauren.
Lauren Lieberman: I wanted first to just follow-up on Brazil. I was actually focused a little bit more on volume just to comparisons, because I know that last year we had the Brazil trucking strike notwithstanding efforts is that a market share question. But I was just curious about volume trajectory in Brazil. If there was any impact there from some of the pricing you've taken in terms of the slower build back on volumes specifically? And then I do have a second bigger-picture question. Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Okay. Sure. So yes, we did take pretty significant pricing in the quarter. And I'll remind everyone that the cadence volume and pricing that we had last year as you may recall most of the truckers strike out the impact of that hit us in the third quarter. So the comparisons get much easier for us going forward. We didn't have - while we did have a small hit in the second quarter last year, it wasn't to the extent that we saw it in the third quarter, which is where most of the impact came through the P&L. In this quarter, our volume was slightly down, but pricing was strong. And largely driven by some of the price changes that we made based on some of the inflationary pressures that we faced in the back half of the year. Categories continue to be okay as I mentioned earlier and we got a strong innovation pipeline in the balance of the year and investment to support that. So we feel we are in a good position to see continued acceleration, particularly given the comparisons get easier in the year to go.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Bonnie Herzog with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Bonnie Herzog: Hi, thank you. Good morning. Actually, I wanted to circle back to some of your comments on your top line. I guess, I'm trying to understand your ability to sustain the improvements you've seen, especially as you head into next year and you have to let the innovation of the re-launches that you put into the market. And I know you're not going to give guidance for 2020, but could you touch on your ability to lap the innovation from this year? And then, maybe how full year innovation pipeline is for next year? Also as we think about your spending levels that did increase things continue to improve will you continue to reinvest in your business a long-term or should we start to see some of these potential upside sort of the bottom line? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Thanks. Specifically on the topline next year is no different than any year in the sense of that we continue to be focused on ensuring that we have won the right level of innovation to continue to drive incremental value in the market that we're focused on driving category value which is extremely important. You heard John talk a little bit about the success we're having behind revenue growth management and the discipline that we're deploying across the world to ensure that teams are thinking very differently about how to drive value back into the category which ultimately drives better topline growth for us and our trade customers. And then likewise as we look at some of the adjacencies geographic expansion opportunities we have each year being very deliberate about how we go after those. And so next year we'll be looking at some category expansion opportunities into new markets, we'll be looking into new agencies, and we'll be looking to support new core businesses as we mentioned which is going to be important part of our growth strategy moving forward to ensure every 12 to 18 months, we have a significant core business that we're putting investment behind to ensure that the incremental innovation we're getting behind adjacencies and channel expansion indeed comes on top. In terms of getting gross margins up and our focus there, I think we're starting - we're really happy with the fact that we've seen gross margin acceleration this quarter. That is the function I think of again sharpened focus on finding the growth, but more importantly, the pricing that we have taken on the revenue growth management aspects that are coming more a day in and day out in terms of how we manage the business. As we look at the back half as we see more benign inflation environment, particularly around foreign exchange, we expect that to continue to bode well for the gross margin line which will all of the investment that we need in the business to continue to accelerate that topline growth on a sustainable basis.
Operator: Well take our next question from Wendy Nicholson with Citi. Please go ahead.
Wendy Nicholson: Hi, thanks very much. A couple of things. First of all can you disclose how much the distribution expansion for Elta and PCA contributed to your organic sales growth? Second quick thing just in terms of the comments you made, Noel, about how the channel market share data hasn't looked as good as you expected to, but actually the North American shipments looks pretty good this quarter. So, my question is do you have sense or is there any there could be excess inventory in the trade? In other North American growth have to slow as the market share is kind of catch up with your shipments? And then my last question is with Justin having left the company as you kind of look at the management structure as you settle as new CEO, do you think is there going to be a new Chief Growth Officer? Are there other changes in sort of the management structure contemplated or is this just a typical Colgate succession planning all that kind of good step rolling through? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Great, Wendy. Thanks. Let me go one by one. Specifically, we don't disclose and break out obviously PCA and Elta within the context of the U.S. I'd say the growth was balanced. We had growth across all of our core segments in the quarter in the U.S. specifically Oral Care, Personal Care, and Home Care, as well as on the Hill's business as John mentioned, and obviously PCA and Elta continue to have a good quarter in that regard. Relative to the management structure question, obviously, as you well know as well as anyone we have a deep bench of tremendous leaders across the organization. With Justin's departure, were looking to obviously continue to develop our organization for people in new roles and responsibilities and we're in the process of making that happen. We've made some recent changes, which I'm really excited about, which elevated the responsibility of [indiscernible] specifically and move some new people into new roles across the organization and all that I think bodes well for practically the strategy that we're trying to execute moving forward. So in that case all good moves and very qualified bench of people to choose from in that regard. Relative to your question on inventories, I know that came up last time as well, I think from Ali, there is no inventory issues in the U. S. And we've had nice growth and untrack channels as you know particularly around the toothpaste business, Colgate Total way over in indexes and club, had a good quarter on club, having a good growth in some of other track channels e-commerce specifically. We saw significant share growth on the toothpaste business in the quarter, so all that obviously rolling up to a stronger organic delivery in the quarter for the North American business.
Operator: Our next question will come from Steve Strycula with UBS. Please go ahead.
Steve Strycula: Hi, good morning. My question is after three recent acquisitions, it appears that you're slowly stitching together a global premium skincare business with the clinical focus. So how do we think about the leadership and integration strategy of these businesses and one is in primarily France and China versus other assets in the U.S. How it is being integrated? Whats the leadership structure? And then if you could give us any more texture separately on the oral care business in China, you mentioned some improvement sequentially. But where are we in terms of milestones and repairing that business, maybe some qualitative talking points? Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Sure. So listen as we have learned in many of the successful acquisitions that weve made and we've been very prudent in approaching these acquisitions in this way and that is to ensure that we respect and admire the independence of these organizations. And from that perspective we will continue to run independently as we learn the business and more importantly understand how we can leverage some of the best practices across our entire skin care portfolio. So today Elta, PCA and Filorga are run independently, but that being we have a team of people here in New York as weve done through our other categories, ensuring that we are looking holistically at the business, leveraging the synergies that we see across the three different businesses. And more importantly from a growth opportunity ensuring that were sharing best practices across the three businesses to sustain accelerated growth moving forward. And as we go through the due diligence of each of those acquisitions, we very much put that in the back of our mind, how are these going to help the other businesses that we have. Not only on the skin care side, but obviously on the Colgate portfolio side as well in terms of transferring best practices. And that's something historically and culturally that we've done really well across the company. And that is to share the learning. And there's a tremendous sense of humility when we go in and make an acquisition to respect the depth of the management team what they've accomplished and to ensure that we listen and learn, but provide the scale and the efficiencies to them, so they can continue to drive top line growth. On the China question, it is moving exactly as anticipated. It is slightly ahead of schedule relative to some of the pickup that was on the quarter, but a lot of work to do. And well continue to see momentum build in the third quarter and into the fourth quarter this year based on the plans that we're executing as we speak.
Operator: Our next question will come from Javier Escalante with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Javier Escalante: Back to China again. So basically this improvement if you can basically split it between acceptance of the price increases as you took last year versus if is it elmex that is gaining traction online or is it that the destocking that is [indiscernible] And I have a more longer-term question after that. 
Noel Wallace: Thanks Javier. It's all of the above. Obviously as the go-to-market shifts happen so dramatically across specifically China over the last nine months, we needed to rebalance the inventory in the market and that is well underway and we've seen improvements in that respect. The elmex launch continues to do well and -- as it widen its distribution both across different e-commerce platforms and a rollout in Watson as well. So all in all, it's all those elements, the pricing likewise holding particularly on the 360 franchise that we took in the back half of last year, but it's all really trying to get the portfolio right the go to market strategies changes, right, the distributors strategies implemented as well. And all that is on schedule as I mentioned.
Operator: Our next question will come from Kevin Grundy with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Kevin Grundy: Thanks, good morning. Noel two-part question, if I can. First one just gauging the success of the Colgate Total rollout in the U. S.. Some of the Neilson data we see, suggest the brand is down about 0.5 point. I think the hope was to take some share from Sensodyne. Sensodyne seems like the market share trends are accelerating there. Maybe talk a little bit about of your gauging success so far with the product rollout to date? And then I hope, I can throw another one here. John spoke to the company superior results in the online channel where you're gaining share. And of course we've seen skin channels with the company is probably not where it hopes to be at this point from a market share perspective and bleeding little bit of share in Oral Care. Why do think that is? And maybe you can speak tactically what you need to do to address that? Thanks for those.
Noel Wallace: Sure. So again on Colgate Total, if you look globally where we are right now, the share is up, close to 0.5 point on the business. And that obviously considers the fact that we're down about 20 basis points in the U.S. which is on a weighted basis weighs very heavily into that 0.5 points growth that we have globally. So we're very pleased with where we are. Specifically on the U.S. recognized that we took a 16% downsizing on that product. So we're looking for the purchase - the recycle - excuse me, the purchase frequency of the brand to accelerate share moving forward. You're not going to get the price acquisition immediately moving through the consumption and therefore the share that will over time accelerate as we get the frequency of repurchased to accelerate. So all in all, were pleased with where we are particularly pleased with the fact that we generated about a 10% increase globally on that business which is one of the more significant increases that we've seen on that franchise and over a decade. And that bodes well, given that we have a sustainable spending on that business in the back of and we continue to rollout and some of our bigger baskets, particularly Latin America we just got under way towards the back end of the quarter. So all in all we are pleased. Not pleased with the track channels and despite the fact that we are growing in un-track channels really well, we need to get track channels growing again. So a lot of coupon activity in the first half of the year. We saw some share erosion on the base business in the first quarter which we're obviously trying to play a little bit of catch-up, but we're not going to chase some of this coupon driven activity that we're seeing. We want to ensure that we continue to move the franchise towards the premium end both on Colgate, Total with the launch of the Naturals and with the launch of some of the Whitening SKUs that we're putting into the market which will hopefully drive more incrementality moving forward. So more work to be done to be sure, but pleased over where we are with total re-launch.
Operator: And our next question will come from Bill Chappell with SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Bill Chappell: Good morning. Thanks. Hey, Noel just kind of big picture on emerging markets it certainly sounds more optimistic about kind of how things are trending. And I guess, the question is we saw the similar type optimism 18, 24 months ago, and then it went south for not just you but for everyone. I mean, is there a way to kind of talk about how this time is different? Or if it's not different so far are you just kind of cautiously optimistic in kind of what you see on the horizon?
Noel Wallace: Sure, Bill. So I'll let me - again we talked about Asia quite extensively, so I won't get into more specifics, obviously a good growth outside of China and the plans in place to see China continue to make progress in the back half of the year. I haven't talked a lot about Africa as you remembered that was a real headwind for us over the last couple of years, a completely focused on the fundamentals in those markets and some terrific execution by the team on the ground. We've seen a real acceleration in that business moving forward pleasingly Russia doing quite well Eurasia, Turkey likewise doing quite well where we achieved market leadership very recently in the toothpaste category in that market. So again Africa we think doing quite well and the fundamentals will bode well moving forward. Latin America, largely driven by some of the economic and political changes that we saw over the last 18 months and we'll be cautious on Latin America moving forward. So particularly in Brazil and Mexico, where you've seen political change, and new leaders in their first year of their administration we'll see how that unfolds. There's always uncertainty associated with that. But the categories was slightly down in the second quarter on the first half as I mentioned earlier up versus where they were last year. But the fundamentals I think we have in Latin America around again the core, the adjacencies and the channel work that we are doing we think will continue to bode well through the back half of this year and the comparisons particularly Latin America  America favor us as we look to the back half.
Bill Chappell: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question will come from Nik Modi with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Nik Modi: Yes. Thanks. Good morning, everyone. So just two little quick ones.
Noel Wallace: Hey, Nik.
Nik Modi:  Noel, maybe you can - hey, how are you? Good morning. Maybe you can just talk about your definition of skin health? And I'm just curious, if your definition longer term would extend outside of Queens [ph]? So that's the first question. And on the second question is really on FX. I mean, obviously its created tons of havoc over the years for all multinational companies. Coca-Cola provided some thoughts about how they expected to be a benign year in 2020 and I was hoping maybe you have some thoughts from your treasury group on have you guys are thinking about FX as you think about the next 12 months?
Noel Wallace: Sure. Let me take that FX question first. Obviously, we saw an acceleration of FX in the back half particularly Latin America and Eurasia. And we're expecting a slightly more benign environment obviously given those comparisons, but we can't be certain. There's obviously a lot of political instability and lot of rhetoric going on around the world. So I would hate to sit here and tried to predict exactly where FX is going to go. I'll remain cautious but we think it will be certainly better than what we experienced in the back half of last year. Specifically, as it relates to skin health, it's a big category. Obviously, there's a lot of different spaces to it. We like Elta and the sun care business. It's got a great skin cleansing business which is close into what we understand. PCA is uniquely positioned in the categories in which they compete. We like those. And the recent acquisition of Filorga obviously on the antiaging, we like that space a lot specifically one because of the economics of the space and the premium nature of it, but more importantly, as you look at the aging consumer everywhere in the world that will continue to be an expanding category for skin health. So, while we're being selective on where we go in. We want to ensure that we have great brands with great go-to-market and great management teams and that's kind of how we've looked at skin health, but obviously, the three are we believe are well-positioned where they compete and complement each other the longer term really well.
Operator: We'll take the next question from Olivia Tong with Bank of America.
Olivia Tong: Great. Thanks. I wanted to talk about the U.S. You alluded to a couple of efforts to improve performance in track channels, so little bit more detail there on how these initiatives help specifically in track channels? But also you continued to do significantly better in non-track, so is there any reason to expect that that relationship will change as you put more focus on track channels, presumably you're not driving growth in track by shifting between the two? And then just one quick thing on SG&A. Obviously, higher comp logistics you talked about, but some of it, it sounds like restoring sort of more normalized levels of comp, but is there anything in terms of like the investments that you're making hiring more people building out capabilities and systems and things like that? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Okay. So, let me try to address the first question there which is on track channels and untrack channels and how we think about that. First, we take a step back and ensure that as I mentioned upfront that we're really understanding the changes in the omnichannel environment and those changes happen very quickly relative to where the growth is coming from and how consumers are shopping. So, weve invested a lot more time and effort to ensure that we have a much sharper strategies around our go-to-market for ensure that we are putting resources, spending, and innovation against of the standards that we think are going to continue to accelerate. Particularly as it relates to the U.S., obviously, great growth in the first half of the year on e-commerce, our share up about 140 basis points, split between both Colgate and Palms and that's a function of one understanding the route-to-market and the route-to-purchase from consumer and getting innovation and the execution right in that channel. We talked about pharmacy channel around the world being one of the faster-growing channels that we see globally and we put plans in place to execute that both from a resource standpoint. And what I mean specifically by that is how we allocate our sales organization to growing opportunities and likewise from an innovation standpoint and from a portfolio standpoint where we've launched elmex, particularly in the very select geographies where the pharmacy channel is outpacing the market and where we're under-indexed in terms of share. So again, Olivia, we look at it very holistically and our channel strategies are allocated based on where we see the best growth opportunities. And when I talked a little bit upfront about how we're thinking about growth differently and how we are driving growth differently, it's ensuring that we're looking at each of those channels very exclusively in terms of our go to market, specifically as it relates to the innovation required to be successful. And we're starting to see that play off as we see the acceleration, particularly in non-track channels moving forward. On the SG&A, I think you hit it all already, but the last point you made is an interesting one in the sense of as we look at allocating resources and driving productivity across the organization, it really is ensuring that we are putting people in places that want to go to drive more accelerated growth for the company. So let's take their of digital and analytics and predictive analytics and making sure that we are putting resources in those areas because, we believe that will bode well and drive more sustainable growth and efficiency across the P&L moving forward. So, it's a shifting of resources in that line. The SG&A acceleration you saw in the quarter was not a result of adding more people, it was a result of the specific areas that I articulated earlier.
Operator: And our final question will come from Mark Astrachan with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Mark Astrachan: Thanks and good morning everybody.
Noel Wallace: Hi Mark.
Mark Astrachan: Two questions. One on Filorga. If you can just comment on what the growth rates have looked like trailing 12 months may be expectations on a go-forward basis. And on Pet Nutrition, so a large competitor reported similarly strong topline results this morning. I guess it seems like category growth rates not to take anything away from your performance have accelerated. So I guess I'm curious, what you think is driving the acceleration? How much is it priced versus underling category demand and what do you think a reasonable long-term growth rate would be from a category perspective?
Noel Wallace: Thanks, Mark. So back on Filorga, obviously, all I can disclose at this point, the acquisition hasn't closed is that we're very attracted by not only the growth rates of the category itself, but the growth rates of Filorga and the potential for continued growth in geographic expansion moving forward. And will disclose more information as we bring that under the Colgate family. Specifically, as it relates to the premiumization and the dog food category and the pet food category, I mean good growth we've seen a bit more stability in pet retail especially among PetSmart and PETCO, but still somewhat challenged that continued acceleration of e-commerce where were seeing nice growth in that business. And I think importantly, as we are seeing share growth around -- in the U.S. around the signs diet relaunch, which again included obviously significant packaging changes, significant reformulations, new campaigns and accelerated investment which will all intended to help support and drive trial, but more importantly justify the price increase that we took on the business which we had done in quite some time. So, all in all, we think the plans we have in place on hills. The fact that we've expanded distribution into some new channels and we got a terrific piece of advertising working for the business will bode well as we look to expand the Science Diet relaunch internationally in the back half.
Operator: And this does conclude today's question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the call back over to John Faucher for any additional or closing remarks.
John Faucher: So let me quickly close, as always, let me thank the entire Colgate family of people out there that have done such a terrific job again delivering sequential growth in the quarter. I remind everyone were in the third quarter, get back to work. And thanks everyone, have a great weekend.
Operator: Again ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-26 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Please standby. Good day. And welcome to todays Colgate-Palmolive Company First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgate-palmolive.com. Now, for opening remarks, Id like to turn the call over to Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, John Faucher. Please go ahead, sir.
John Faucher: Thanks, Vickie. Good morning. And welcome to our first quarter earnings release conference call. This is John Faucher, Senior Vice President for Investor Relations. Todays conference call will include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from these statements. Please refer to the earnings press release and our most recent filings with the SEC including our 2018 annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings all available on Colgates website for a discussion of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these statements. This conference call will also include a discussion of non-GAAP financial measures, including those identified in Table 6 of the earnings press release. A full reconciliation to the corresponding GAAP financial measures is included in the earnings press release and is available on Colgates website. Joining me this morning are Noel Wallace, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Henning Jakobsen, Chief Financial Officer. I will start off with a review of the quarter and our full year 2019 outlook. Noel will then provide a few quick thoughts before we open it up to Q&A. Our net sales declined 3% in Q1. We delivered 3% organic sales growth with 1% unit volume growth and 2% favorable pricing. This was offset by negative foreign exchange impact of 6%. We know that there is still work to do, but we are pleased with the further improvement in organic sales growth in the quarter, as we believe our strategies to reaccelerate growth are beginning to bear fruit. Importantly, the composition of the growth gives us comfort that we are returning to a more sustainable trajectory. On an organic basis, we delivered both volume and pricing growth for the first time in over two years, with volume and pricing growth in all four of our categories, Oral Care, Pet Nutrition, Personal Care and Home Care. We delivered geographically balanced organic sales growth with emerging markets and developed markets both up 3% and we delivered breadth in our organic sales growth with more than 75% of our hubs delivering organic sales growth in the quarter. Our focus on driving the core through innovation, attacking adjacent segments and expanding the availability of our brands in newer and higher growth channels and markets is beginning to pay off. Coupled with our increased brand support, we are optimistic that we can continue to deliver against the expectations for 2019 that we laid out on the fourth quarter earnings call. On a GAAP basis, our gross profit margin was down 130 basis points year-over-year. Excluding the impact of our Global Growth and Efficiency Program, it was down 110 basis points year-over-year. For the quarter, our 200 basis points of pricing provided a 70-basis-point benefit to gross margin. Raw materials costs, including foreign exchange transaction costs were a 320-basis-point drag on gross margin year-over-year. Our productivity programs led by our Funding the Growth initiatives provided a 150-basis-point benefit to gross margin. Other was a 10-basis-point drag. On an absolute basis, advertising investment was up 3% year-over-year. On a percent to sales basis, advertising was up 60 basis points year-over-year with increases on a percent to sale basis in every division. Excluding charges resulting from our Global Growth and Efficiency Program and advertising spending, our SG&A expenses were down year-over-year in the first quarter on an absolute basis and as a percent to sales, benefiting from our productivity programs. On a GAAP basis, diluted earnings per share of $0.65 were down 10% year-over-year in Q1. Excluding charges resulting from our Global Growth and Efficiency Program diluted earnings per share were down 10% to $0.67. Our free cash flow in the quarter was $534 million, which was up 7% versus Q1 2018. Taking a look at the divisional results. North America delivered 3% net sales growth and 3.5% organic sales growth in the quarter, with 2% volume growth and 1.5% pricing growth. We saw strong sales growth in toothpaste in the quarter driven by Colgate Total SF, Colgate Optic White, Colgate Essentials and Toms of Maine. Cloud and e-commerce delivered particularly strong toothpaste growth this quarter. The Colgate Total re-launch is proceeding in-line with our expectations, as Totals market share is up year-over-year since the launch. In the U.S., we took pricing through a downsizing, and this should lead to a shorter repurchase cycle, which should accelerate unit growth going forward as consumers come back more quickly. North America also benefited from the strong growth in the Elta MD and PCA Skin care businesses we acquired during Q1 of 2018. These brands are delivering very strong growth across a number of channels, including Professional, DTC and e-commerce. Europes net sales were down 7% in Q1, driven by negative foreign exchange. Organic sales were up 0.5% in the quarter, as volume growth of 1.5% was mostly offset by negative pricing of 1%. While categories in Europe remain sluggish, our market shares were up or flat in seven of 10 categories. We delivered strong volume growth in Northern Europe with the U.K. and Scandinavia both up on the back of the Colgate Total re-launch. We have reintroduced Colgate Total in Scandinavia and it is driving strong incremental market share gains in that region. We also launched our meridol Pur in several markets in Europe in Q1, which brings our top therapeutic gum offering into the natural space at a premium price. In Personal Care, we continue to drive significant share gains behind the Sanex body wash business. In France, Sanexs body wash share is up more than 100 basis points year-to-date behind Sanex zero percent and the Sanex Physiologic brand. Latin America, we are pleased with our acceleration in organic sales growth in Latin America in Q1. Net sales declined 4.5% in the quarter, as 10.5% negative foreign exchange more than offset 2.5% volume growth and 3.5% pricing growth in the quarter. Importantly, the growth was broad-based as we delivered organic sales growth in every hub. We are particularly pleased with the sequential improvement we saw in Brazil in the quarter versus Q4 2018 as we delivered both pricing and volume growth. Encouragingly, category trends in Brazil do seem to be better although the market remains very promotional. Our recent innovations in Oral Care are paying off nicely as we are seeing market share gains for our Colgate Natural Extracts toothpaste line, our Colgate Guard franchise in pharmacies in Brazil, and the Colgate Slim Soft Advanced toothbrush. Net sales in Asia-Pacific were down 8%, driven by negative foreign exchange of 5.5%, a 2.5% decline in volume, and flat pricing. Our results in China remain challenged by the difficult steps we are taking to reorient our portfolio in an Oral Care category that is rapidly premiumizing and shifting into e-commerce. As we indicated in January, we still expect trends to improve in the second half of the year. Encouragingly, we saw strong growth in both volume and pricing in India, with growth coming on both, the Colgate MaxFresh and Colgate Vedshakti franchises. In order to drive penetration of Vedshakti, we recently gave away 30 million samples at the Ardh Kumbh Mela festival in India. Our Africa/Eurasia business showed solid underlying business momentum in Q1, despite the negative impact of foreign exchange. FX was a 13% drag on sales growth in the quarter, offsetting 7% pricing growth and flat volume. Our Eurasia hub delivered a strong mixture of pricing and volume growth in the quarter driven by Russia. Our North Africa, Middle East, Turkey hub also delivered volume growth in the quarter, despite significant pricing to offset foreign exchange. In order to help continue this momentum, we launched the full Meridol regimen, toothpaste, toothbrushes and mouth rinse in the pharmacy channel in Turkey in the first quarter. We also launched Palmolive Micellar Care shower gel in Russia this past quarter taking advantage of a big personal care trend. And finally, Hills, our strong growth at Hills continued in Q1. Growth was led by the United States with particularly strong growth in e-commerce, pet specialty, and farm and feed. Internationally, our growth was very broad-based, we delivered both volume and pricing growth in Canada, Europe, Australia, Asia and Latin America. As we discussed at CAGNY, Q1 marked the beginning of our re-launch of our Science Diet brand with the new packaging on-shelf as we speak. Initial response has been positive as Science Diet market share trends continue to increase year-over-year in Q1. The re-launch will continue across the globe through the first half of 2020. We have also significantly exceeded our subscription targets for our Hill's to home service which allows pet parents to realize the benefits of home delivery, while maintaining contact with the veterinarian. Moving on to full year guidance, we continue to expect net sales to be flat to up low-single digits. We continue to expect organic sales to be up to 2% to 4% based on current spot rates. For the full year we still expect gross margin to be up year-over-year on both, a GAAP basis and excluding charges related to our global growth and efficiency program. We expect the benefits of pricing and our productivity programs to offset an overall increase in raw material costs which includes the impact of transnational foreign exchange. We expect our advertising spending to be up notably, year-over-year on both, an absolute basis and as a percent of sales. We would expect advertising as a percent of sales for the full year to be fairly consistent with the Q1 level. We continue to expect our full year 2019 tax rate to be between 25.5% and 26.5%, both on a GAAP basis and excluding charges related to our Global Growth and Efficiency Program in 2019 and 2018, and the charge related to U.S. tax reform and the benefit from a foreign tax matter in 2018. Based on current spot rates, we expect GAAP earnings per share to be down low-single digits for the year. Excluding the charges related to the Global Growth and Efficiency Program in 2019 and 2018, and the charge related to U.S. tax reform and the benefit from a foreign tax matter in 2018, based on current spot rates we expect earnings per share to decline mid-single digits for the year. We would note that the consensus EPS estimate is in the middle of that range. And with that I will turn it over to Noel for his thoughts before the Q&A.
Noel Wallace: Thanks, John and good morning everyone and thank you for joining us on the call today. I thought it appropriate to begin by framing three strategic areas of focus for our company that I believe will be critical to our ongoing success, and we certainly started to see transpire in the first quarter. The first area of focus is how we are thinking about organic sales growth. No question that to deliver long-term revenue growth that's sustainable, we need to be more aggressive about going after growth, and we are going after growth differently. As you recall in the fourth quarter call and at CAGNY, I spoke about some of our growth mindset, specifically we are driving the Colgate brands like Total and Science Diet, remember these are big brands, big brands with a global penetration in many countries around the world, and we are bringing that to market through significant new innovation and superior product and formulations. We would also bringing that alongside significant brand building along those businesses with real brand purpose that resonates with consumers in the different way. Second, we are going after adjacent categories and product segments like naturals which is doing very well for us, therapeutics by expanding Elmex and Meridol to select markets, and importantly, expanding skincare and continuing to focus our investment on opening new doors and channels with that category. Third, we are expanding the availability of our products through distribution and new markets, being very thoughtful in that regard but we see opportunities in new channels, particularly in channels like e-commerce which is key to our continued growth moving forward. We were very pleased with the growth in e-commerce in the first quarter which was up 28% versus the year ago period. So, more to do and more to come and we are certainly focused on those areas. Our second key area of focus is to simplify our processes and our structures around the world. We recognize that we need to change in order to respond to a rapidly changing marketplace in terms of our ease and how consumers are shopping. For example, we have revamping our innovation process to dramatically reduce the time to market. You heard my dear fellows speak about that at CAGNY and those changes are underway beginning in Latin America, and we will begin to roll those out around the world as we move into the balance of the year. Third area of focus for us is using data and looking to digitize the organization very differently. We know that data can enable faster growth and faster decision-making. We know that data drives further ROI in media, and we know that data-driven marketing is far better return-on-investment than the way we are spending today. We also know that we can use data to improve our assortment in e-commerce. In the area of digitization some exciting thing is coming down the pipeline for us to drive productivity across the organization. We are going to change from our SAP system that we have had in - that we started in 1994 to the upgraded SAP S/4HANA which we think is going to simplify our processes significantly around the world, drive more standardization and better reporting and decision-making from all of that. So you begin to see a lot of this unfold as we move into the balance of the year. We are pleased to see some of that taking hold in the first quarter of this year. So, before I jump into Q&A I wanted to take a moment to thank the 35,000 Colgate people for supporting me during this important transition over the last year. I am extremely proud to lead, to listen and to learn from that extraordinary team, and I know with their drive and continued commitment, and our focus on growth, we will build a future to smile about. And it's those people that I want to extend a special thanks to Ian Cook for the past 12 years of his extraordinary leadership as CEO of this company. He has transformed this organization in many ways and we will be forever grateful for his leadership. I especially want to thank him for his wise counsel and mentorship over the last six months as he has prepared me for this new role. So with that let me turn it over to the questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question today from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Lauren Lieberman: Noel, I was curious if we could you talk a little bit about market shares. Just - you know, market shares in oral care have been an important metric for the business, like health of the business and so on, and like a badge of honor, frankly. And this quarter, topline certainly improved sequentially but shares are down versus I think where we talked about them at the end of January, both globally and in some key markets like Brazil, Mexico, India. So can you just talk a little bit about that, how you are thinking about market share in particular? When you would expect that to turn as you think about the path forward and some to the greater growth mindset you are putting in play?
Noel Wallace: Overall, we have seen significant growth first of all, on untracked channels, particularly in U.S. where we saw double-digit growth in a lot of those untracked channels, which we are very encouraged about. If I stay within North America, the toothpaste shares are flat, we obviously introduce Colgate Total in the middle of February, we saw a significant competitive response and we have responded accordingly but we weren't going to deal overly aggressive in order to drive share. Bear in mind, that we are in this for the long-term, this is a marathon not a sprint with the launch of Colgate Total, it's not like introducing a new product, we have existing shelf space and existing penetration, it's a big brand and we are looking to continue the drive trial and repeat throughout the year. So the way we have structured and strategized our media spending over the year is to continue with high investments quarter-on-quarter through the balance of the year, and we think in the end that would generate sustained growth for the business. Moving on to some of the other markets, our value shares and volume shares in Mexico are actually flat, we are slightly down in Brazil and that was due to some aggressive promotion from the competitive environment, recognize that the Colgate Total launch which will have a significant premium in both those markets, which - where it has a sizeable share will launched in the second quarter. Our volume shares on balance are only down 30 basis points, so we feel quite comfortable with where we are, particularly, given the activity in most of the total spending coming in the year to go.
Operator: We will take the next question from Bonnie Herzog with Wells Fargo.
Bonnie Herzog: So, I had a question on your pricing in the quarter. I guess I am wondering why it slowed sequentially. And then I am also curious about this - for your emerging markets where I assume you would have been taking more pricing for FX. And then could you update us on your plan to any future pricing? Or essentially do you expect pricing to accelerate in the future or remain constant at current levels? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: We were actually very pleased with the balance of organic growth in the first quarter, obviously both volume and pricing up, we had good pricing in the fourth quarter as you have pointed out, and likewise, good pricing in the first quarter, so coming off of that, we are quite pleased. Some of the pricing still yet to come, we talked about in the fourth quarter, the two-thirds would roll through from 2018 to 2019, we have a third to go, and we are quite confident that we will generate the pricing that we set out for ourselves on the year. Certainly at the current spot rates, if spot rates change, we certainly have to look to take more pricing but we are quite comfortable with where we are and how that's flowed through. Specifically on Total, we are very pleased from the fact that we have seen pricing stick everywhere we have launched Colgate Total. Coming back to the U.S., our equivalized shares - as John mentioned, we downsized, the price per ounce is up about 16% in the Total toothpaste franchise and the U.S. is up 8%, so price is holding and more to come as we move through the balance of the year.
Operator: And the next question will come from Wendy Nicholson with Citi.
Wendy Nicholson: Just following up on China specifically, could you tell us exactly how much volumes were down in China? And I know you are going through a big repositioning of the brand and product assortment in that market but can you sort of give us some timing on that, when should we expect to see stronger numbers? Are there specific new products coming out or new advertising or anything like that? So, when do you think we turn positive in China? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Sure. So China came in as we expected in the quarter, we had - I think communicated in the fourth quarter call that we expected China to turn in the back half and that's exactly the timing that we are still looking for. Some significant changes in investment going into China as we speak, we are looking at obviously to get the portfolio structured appropriately, we are getting the structure in the organization and putting resources where we think the growth will come in that business moving forward. So we are making some investments in the business in the short-term that we believe would drive sustainable growth in the long-term for our business which will be - we will start to see that turn in the back half of the year.
Operator: And we will go to Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan.
Andrea Teixeira: So my question is on North America organic volumes, and a follow-up on the Colgate Total re-launch. So on North America, you called out on the prepared remarks that the benefit from EltaMD and PCA Skin now included in organic growth. Can you give us like, kind of a sort of magnitude - not a magnitude of that launch  not launch and the inclusion on the organic growth? And also on the Colgate Total re-launch, thinking about specifically, Latin America with Brazil in terms of the timing of the launch will all the volume of the re-launch be shipped during the second quarter? You had some of that done in the first quarter, so I am trying to see if there is any lumpiness on the volume as we progress through the quarters. Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Thanks, Andrea. Again, a good growth in the first quarter out of North America, we are not going to break it out but suffice to say, all of the key elements of the North America business grew in the first quarter. We were particularly pleased with Tom's of Maine which had another significant growth following a sequential growth over the last three quarters, so that's doing well, the sell-in on Total performed well. Obviously as you have pointed out, PCA and Elta were added into the organic growth, not a significant portion, but we are very pleased with the progress on that business that we have seen thus far. So overall, a good performance in North America across a well balanced organic growth in all of their categories and their core businesses. In terms of the re-launch of our Colgate Total in Latin America, we just started shipping at the end of the first quarter with most of the activity and all of the investment to come in the second quarter. So I would say a portion in the first, most to come in the second as we move forward.
Operator: We will go to Ali Dibadj with Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj: I am just trying to contextualize some of the discussions so far in the quarterly results in a little bit more broad, and you have done that a couple of times but I want to continue on that theme. The big debate I think is, are you spending enough, that's the one I hear the most. And so, if you look at the quarter's results, you could argue that they are consistent with that concerning narrative, right, we are not spending enough to turn the ship. The sequential pricing, i.e. probably more create spend, more promo this quarter to get more shelf space, there was clearly a lot of the inventory load, right, so that pricing that you guys talked about on Colgate Total, for example, in North America, a lot of inventory loaded in Elmex and others. AMP was up, maybe not quite as much as I thought it might be but it's up which I guess is good. But all this activity so far, and we still see those market share issues in the U.S. and in Mexico, Brazil, Russia, India, China, I mean U.K. looks little bit better but still some pressure - and by the way, do you wonder in the U.S. what the sell-out was versus the sell-in - so it doesn't look great on the tracked channels. So, I guess I am just trying to get underneath this idea of - should we just be more patient to see those terms? I think that's your messaging, but should we just be more patient to see this upturn? And so you are 100% confident that you are actually spending enough? And so this concern about another rebase to happen around the corner or not spending enough that view is just so far what you are seeing going to be wrong.
Noel Wallace: Thanks, Ali. A lot in that question. So let me try to step back for a moment, talk a little bit about our strategy. We realized to drive long-term sustainable growth that we do things very thoughtfully and in a measured way. We have taken the advertising up, as you well pointed out, quite significantly in our view, up in the first quarter, we will hold those levels through the balance of the year and everything that we know about building brands, particularly brands as big and as scalable as Colgate Total, it's that continuity that really pays off in the long run. We don't look to a percent to sales, we look for what do we need to do to create the right impressions and the right engagement behind a significant innovation like Colgate Total, and that's exactly what we are doing. We are going to continue to plot away with the plan that we have, we were very strategic in not making - and not necessarily spending all of our money in the first quarter, we want to balance out over the year, we are not buying shelf space, I heard you mention that. And a brand like Colgate Total, which is an existing brand in the U.S. at 10-share, that's a successful brand already. So what we are doing is basically trying to drive more velocity off-the-shelf, we are not necessarily increasing shelf and we didn't necessarily see any of that in terms of shelf increases in the first quarter. So we have got strong shares, strong shelf space, and we are going to continue to build on that. I will give you a little bit about consumption on Colgate Total. Obviously, as we move through some of the high competitive reactions in February and March, the last four weeks on Colgate Total, the consumption is up 40% and our share is up 1 point. So we are in a good position relative to what we are seeing there and obviously a lot of the work to come as we move through the balance of the year. And in terms of advertising, we will likewise see those increases come to bear as we roll it out, particularly, in big markets like Latin America.
Operator: And the next question is from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank.
Steve Powers: So as you talked about in the open, you are arguably managing a larger number of growth priorities today versus history. And I guess what - I am wondering as we you can talk more about how you are prioritizing them relative to one other. I am sure the first order of business is ensuring the Colgate - the core Colgate Oral Care franchise returns to market-leading growth, but around that, as you talked about, you got the expansion into naturals, you are broadening the reach of brands like Elmex, investing in e-commerce, stepping up support for professional skincare, and obviously driving Hill's as well. And - obviously, not all of those initiatives are mutually exclusive but again, how are you thinking about allocating relative investment dollars to each of them? If you had an extra dollar, which bucket are you most likely to add to? And any thoughts if you can do it all organically or are you increasingly opened to M&A in support of those initiatives? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: Thanks, Steve. So let me go back to a little bit about - with regards to my upfront comments around how we are framing growth. As I talked about at CAGNY, we are really looking at three specific priorities and in many respects that would kind of prioritize how we are spending, that will unfold through the balance of the year. Historically, we were very focused on line extensions and to a certain extent growing in the adjacencies, and we quickly recognized that we have to have a real balance. Colgate has big core businesses that are in many countries around the world that had significant leakage relative to share and were not driving the growth that we needed, hence our need to put real superior bundles behind the core in order to shore up the core, so when we balance that with increased innovation behind adjacencies like naturals, like therapeutics, that we get the incremental growth moving forward and that's exactly how we are going to prioritize it. Relative to M&A, certainly there is a lot of activity out there, we are still going to be extremely thoughtful on how we approach M&A. We have obviously done some great M&A over the last couple of years, specifically PCA and Elta which we are very excited about, as those assets become available we will think through them very carefully relative to their strategic fit in the business and what they bring, and if we find the right value we will certainly go after them.
Operator: And we will go to Olivia Tong with Bank of America.
Olivia Tong: Thanks, good morning. I wanted to talk a little bit about the balance. You talked a lot about the balance between developed markets versus emerging market performance, volume versus price, so as you progress through the year how do you think about that because I would assume that there, you talked about some of the pricing that you are planning to do in some of the markets, you know, a third of it still hasn't rolled through so I would assume that price becomes a bigger component of that. Do you think that volume then sort of turns a little bit and just your overview on the balance between all those different factors?
Noel Wallace: Sure. I think at the heart of a lot of that good balance this year, particularly between emerging and the developed world was the fact that we are starting to see some of the categories turn in the emerging markets which is particularly encouraging for us given our footprint. So moving forward, we would continue to see that balance of pricing and volume moving through the balance of the year. The innovation will support the volume that the innovation will support the premiumization that we are going after, particularly as we see total and the Science Diet business, which is just now going into the U.S. and the roll out through the balance of the year start to take hold. So we will continue to see the right balance as we move forward keeping the investment there will help drive that.
Operator: Next is Kevin Grundy with Jefferies.
Kevin Grundy: Thanks. Good morning.
Noel Wallace: Hi, Kevin.
Kevin Grundy: So, Noel, my question is on industry growth rates relative to your organic sales growth guidance at 2% to 4%. So at this point where would you peg industry growth in Total as you roll up your business and your geographies relative to the 3% organic growth in the quarter? How has that changed if at all since 4Q, you sound more upbeat on emerging markets, which is obviously a good thing. And then, for us, is it fair that we should expect an acceleration in your organic sales growth over the next couple of quarters as year-over-year comps seasons more spending goes into the marketplace and it seems like the emerging markets are in a better place? So thank you for that.
Noel Wallace: Sure. The categories as you mentioned, we have seen a tick-up particularly in emerging. We are modeling organic, excuse me, we are modeling category growth rates in that 3% to 5.5% depending on the market around the world. In the developed world, somewhere between flat to around 2.5%, we seen a little bit of tick-up in the U.S., Europe continues to move sideways, but the U.S. we are seeing a little bit of acceleration there. So we think we are relative to our guidance on the 2% to 4%. We are well-positioned where the categories are and if Latin America and particularly Africa continued to accelerate or hold at the current levels that would bode well for us. But we said that before, lets get a couple more quarters underneath us relative to those categories and we will go from there.
Operator: We will now go to Bill Chappell with SunTrust.
Bill Chappell: Thanks. Good morning.
Noel Wallace: Hey, Bill.
Bill Chappell: Noel, first a clarification you had said to Bonnies question you came into the year two-thirds of pricing and still a third to go. Are we still a third to go or did you do a fair amount during first quarter? And then, the second just on Hills, can you give us a little more color on the strength and maybe from a market share perspective we dont get to see so much of the channels are untracked its kind of hard to understand exactly where you are getting it. Is it from emphasis from the specialty channel coming back or is it just the vet channel is doing well or just help us give more color why its doing better?
Noel Wallace: Sure. Well, let me take the pricing question first. Yeah, we are about right. We are right where we thought we would be about two-thirds of the business. We are seeing a roll through and a third to go and we have got some pricing thats going into place starting the second quarter. So we are quite comfortable with that in terms of how thats going to roll through the balance of the quarters in 19. Hills is a great story. I come back to a lot of the fundamentals of our strategy, which is driving the core working on adjacencies and particularly expanding into new segments and new retail environments, and Hills ticks those boxes extraordinarily well. We obviously had great growth in the fourth quarter, really strong start to the year, relative to what we are seeing Science Diet re-launch and just now going into the market as I mentioned in terms of the full impact of the new packaging and the new formulations, which as I mentioned at CAGNY will be coupled with increased pricing and the media investment behind that business particularly in North America will now start to go into the market in the second quarter. U.S. had a very strong first quarter, and, again, I think its driven by great market share gains particularly in pet specialty. We obviously continue to have a very strong e-commerce business and holding shares there and we -- in terms of expanding into new channels, we have gone aggressively the farm and feed channel, which was growing and we were under indexed and we have seen incremental distribution and sales growth come from that. So, all-in-all, really pleased with where Hills is right now and particularly pleased given a lot of the Science Diet stuff is still to come in the U.S. and we will start to roll that out in the balance of the world as we move into the second half.
Operator: We will go to Robert Ottenstein with Evercore ISI.
Robert Ottenstein: Great. Thank you very much and nice start to the year.
Noel Wallace: Thanks, Robert.
Robert Ottenstein: Wondering if we could drill down a little bit more into whats going on in Brazil and so a couple of sub points, perhaps, if you can talk a little bit more about the competitive situation you mentioned still very tough promo environment. Is there any visibility on that changing and how do you expect to deal with that? Second, the rollout of the therapeutics, elmex, meridol in Brazil. How thats going? Do you need more investment there? Is it going to be kind of self-funding at this point, and I guess tied to that, how you are doing in the pharmacy channel? Thank you.
Noel Wallace: Great. Thanks, Robert. So again good results coming out of Brazil. We were pleased particularly given that we generated both volume and pricing in Brazil in the quarter, which was terrific to see. Relative to the promotion environment yeah we saw some of our competitors go quite aggressive in the first quarter. We decided not to chase that with our business. It was interesting the share loss that we saw in the first quarter, which is roughly about 1 point on the business. We are still at a 72 share, came out [inaudible], our Sorriso brand, which is our secondary brand because of the deep discount and we saw some from our competitors. That being said our instinct is that that particularly be driven by a high promotional activity that we always see in the first quarter do we often not chase given some of the foreign exchange headwinds that we have seen in that market and we think that will balance itself out through the remainder of the year. Early days on elmex. We have rolled it into the pharmacy channel. The pharmacy channel is roughly 15% to 20% of the ACV in Brazil. Early news is really good on elmex in terms of driving incremental share in the pharmacy channel we are up about a point so far in the channel but lots more to go. The investments there we ring fenced it its an important strategic initiative for us and we are optimistic that we will continue to see particularly that channel grow as you move through the balance of the year.
Operator: Next is Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: Hey. Good morning, folks. Thank you for taking my question.
Noel Wallace: Hey, Jason.
Jason English: Sticking on the topic of going a little bit deeper and into the markets. Can you take us a little bit deeper into China, give us a beat on where you think the consumption is tracking and whether or not your net sales are still lagging on inventory reduction or whether or not thats been flushed out? And then a second and sorry for following on, thinking about your gross margin trajectory for the year, cost inflation headwinds stepped down fairly sizable 4Q to 1Q. How should we expect that to trend through the remainder of the year?
Noel Wallace: Thanks, Jason. So quickly coming back to China. Not a lot more to add there. We are obviously it came in in-line with our expectations. The inventory de-stocking continues. We made good progress in the fourth quarter, continued progress in the first. We are rebalancing, as I mentioned some of our go-to-market structures and how we take the product to market, particularly as it results around the portfolio specifically, and that will unfold as we move through the balance of the year. So as I said we expect to see sequential improvement moving through the back half of the year and that is on schedule as we speak. Relative to gross margin, so your question around cost, yeah, we saw significant elevation of cost in the fourth quarter, a little bit better in the first quarter, in the range of 4% to 6% commodity in terms of increases moving through the gross profit line and we expect that to abate as we move through and lapse some of the foreign exchange transaction impact that we had last year that occurred in the first half and will get better as we move through the balance of the year. So the answer to your question is, yes, we expect that to abate, which has given us confidence that we can continue to hold and increase gross margins moving forward.
Operator: We will go to Kaumil Gajrawala with Credit Suisse.
Kaumil Gajrawala: Hey. Good morning, guys. Noel, you mentioned e-commerce in various parts of your prepared remarks. Can you perhaps provide us a little more context what your share looks like online versus elsewhere maybe what your margins look like online versus elsewhere? And then, I think, you said, e-commerce was up 28%, are you able to give some context on how much that contributed to organic growth?
Noel Wallace: Sure. So, listen, first of all, we are very pleased. Again, coming back to those growth strategies that I outlined earlier, expanding in new retail environments and getting our fair share so to speak is a real strategic focus for us. And e-commerce is an important area of that. As I mentioned, we were up just shy of 29% in the first quarter, and importantly, that was driven with a strong North America performance. Their shares were up 1.7 points on the Colgate franchise alone, which was terrific and likewise driven by a continued strong growth on the Hills business. The softness we have is to a certain extent in Asia, while the e-commerce shares are flat we didnt see the growth that we are expecting there and thats part of the turnaround strategy that we are looking to execute as we move through the back half of this year.
Operator: Next is Steven Strycula with UBS.
Steven Strycula: Hi. Good morning and congratulations on the new seat.
Noel Wallace: Thanks, Steve.
Steven Strycula: So, Noel, my question is as you look across the portfolio after the work you guys have done the last few years, which three countries and category combinations do you think are the biggest revenue and profit dollar opportunity for an incrementality standpoint as we look forward the next few years? And the quick second part of that would be, is there any reason you guys havent given anymore defined parameter around your gross margin outlook for the year relative to what you did last quarter? Thanks.
Noel Wallace: So listen on the categories we love all our children equally in this case, obviously, Oral Care continues to be a real focus for us. The first quarter organic that we delivered was largely driven by toothpaste and by Hills, and so we are very encouraged. But as John mentioned in his opening remarks, we had positive organic across all the categories which in our view is the quality and the composition that we are ultimately looking for. But from a prioritization, certainly, Oral Care, Personal Care, and our Pet Food have always been our top three priorities and we will continue to focus on growth in that regard. In terms of your second question, it was around gross margins. Listen, we -- as I have mentioned not much more to add. We expect gross margins to be up on the year. We expect some of the cost environment that we saw in the fourth quarter and the first quarter to abate as we move through the balance of the year. We have got more pricing to come and we obviously have the Total re-launch and Science Diet re-launch rolling out around the world. So we are comfortable with where we are now at the current spot rates and we will see how that unfolds, but comfortable in terms of the outlook that we have given.
Operator: And we will go to Mark Astrachan with Stifel.
Mark Astrachan: Thanks, and good morning, everybody. Wanted to ask about specific learning from PCA and Elta. And I am curious do you think you can take those brands into other channels. How do you think about differences of selling into specific specialty type channels, Doctors offices and the like versus mass or other channels, and perhaps indulge me kind of to take it a step further what gives confidence that you can have success in skincare more broadly just given competitive dynamics in the market and I am kind of alluding to your comment about expanding on skincare going forward?
Noel Wallace: Yeah. Thanks, Mark. Let me step back for a minute and give you a little bit of insight in terms of how we look at M&A. Not just simply from the economics and the growth aspects of those categories or businesses that we acquire. But more importantly what are the core competencies and learning that they can bring into the larger enterprise across the company, and Elta and PCA fit those parameters just perfectly. Obviously, we love business with strong endorsement levels. Elta at the dermatology level and PCA at the aesthetician level and we have learned from what we have done obviously at Oral Care and our Vet business on how to successfully monetize that going forward. Both those businesses have unique aspects to them. Elta has an incredible e-commerce business, and an influencer model, particularly as they have digital very effectively. Likewise, PCA has a wonderful in-office strategy in terms of how they go-to-market there, particularly around their data driven marketing that they use. So some great insights that we will bring into the business and certainly leverage across other categories and we continue to dial up the investment in those businesses given the great growth that we are seeing coming out of them at least initially in the first quarter. Moving forward, Skincare is interesting to us. We have got two businesses that we are focused on right now. We will continue to drive those moving forward. If we see other things come available that we think we are interested in and will bring real value to the Colgate Company, we will certainly go after those. But we are very focused on what we have right now and thats how we are going to lay it out for the balance of the year.
Noel Wallace: So, again, let me extend my thanks to the entire Colgate team, obviously, a good quarter that we should be proud of. We all know theres a lot of work to do. We are very focused on growth and lets get after it. We are in the second quarter as they say and we will be in touch with everyone on the call as we move through the balance of the quarter and into the third quarter. Thanks so much.
Operator: And thank you very much. That does conclude our call for today. Id like to thank everyone for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-01-25 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to todays Colgate-Palmolive Company Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgatepalmolive.com. Now for opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to the Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, John Faucher. Please go ahead, John.
John Faucher: Thanks, Loren. Good morning, and welcome to our fourth quarter earnings release conference call. This is John Faucher, Senior Vice President for Investor Relations. Todays conference call will include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from these statements. Please refer to the earnings press release and our most recent filings with the SEC, including our 2017 Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings, all available on Colgates website, for a discussion of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these statements. This conference call will also include a discussion of non-GAAP financial measures, including those identified in Tables 8 and 9 of the earnings press release. A full reconciliation to the corresponding GAAP financial measures is included in the earnings press release and is available on Colgates website. Joining me this morning are; Ian Cook, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Noel Wallace, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Henning Jakobsen, Chief Financial Officer. Ian and Noel will start off with their thoughts, while I will cover our Q4 results and 2019 guidance.
Ian Cook: Good morning, everyone. It's Ian. Let me first wish you all a belated happy and healthy 2019. And let me start my introductory comments where we started the press release. We are pleased with the improvement in organic sales in the fourth quarter, plus 2% on top of plus 2% in the fourth quarter of 2017, and you will recall that the 2% in the fourth quarter of 2017 was the highest quarter that year. Said a different way, on a two-year stacked basis, we accelerated from 1% in the third quarter to 4% in the fourth quarter. So we entered 2019 with momentum. I think our intense focus on innovation, sustained advertising and product expansions in new channels and markets is beginning to pay off. You may recall that our biggest problem businesses 12 months ago are now the ones growing the fastest. Hill's, four quarters of accelerating growth, driven by Prescription Diet which is the backbone of the business and the line that creates the recommendations from the best, a strong U.S. business and our continued high growth in e-commerce. And as you will hear later from in Noel, there is big news coming on the other half of the Hill's business, Science Diet in 2019. Africa/Eurasia, we cycled through our distributor issues. We're focused back on driving distribution and advertising support and we're back to growth and India now posting continued healthy organic sales growth, driven by innovation, Vedshakti, which is building distribution and continuing to build market share. On a national basis Vedshakti is now up to 1.7 shares, seven months of continuous share growth. And in the modern trade where distribution obviously builds quicker; and trial, and therefore share growth is faster, Vedshakti is now up to 4.4% market share five months of share increase. And several other markets are on plan and expectation that we discussed in the third quarter are all generally doing better. Mexico and Brazil, we saw sequential improvement which helped drive Latin America to positive growth. We are taking pricing as we said we would and we are sticking with that strategy. In the case of Mexico, we have seen that market become somewhat less promotional and the category growth is coming back. In Brazil, the category growth is still modest and the heightened promotional activity we had mentioned before continues, so we balance our business in Brazil, responding where we need to but sticking to our underlying strategy of taking the necessary pricing. China; sequential improvement as we said, but still negative. Consumption continues to look fine and the pricing is working its way slowly to consumers. We expect to see continued sequential improvement in the first half and return to growth in the second half of this year. And finally a market often discussed in these calls, the U.K. where we are seeing strong growth driven by increasing market share which in turn is being driven by our premium business in the U.K. And that's before the impact of the Total re-launch in the U.K. And in the U.K. the Total brand is a 16-share substantial business. However life is not perfect and we have had two markets affected by specific issues. In Europe we had the disturbances called by the Gilets Jaunes or the yellow vests. And that in fact was a headwind to European organic growth of some 40 basis points. As you see yourselves in the news, while the disturbances are still there they are more subdued than they were during the fourth quarter. And here in the United States, we saw a little bit of slowing in terms of category growth. We were preparing to bring Total to the marketplace in the first quarter and therefore working shelf inventory down a little to make for an easy transition. But the biggest headwind in North America was onetime very specific and entirely mechanical and that was the shift of a major promotional activity from 2018 to 2019 from a shipments point of view and that happened later in the quarter and that was a 120 basis points shift from fourth quarter organic into the first quarter of 2019. And the final comment I'll make on 2018 is that, as we have been saying for awhile as planned, we laid on pricing. And we believe it is paying-off despite the expected volume impact. We are beginning to see some competitors follow the Mexico/Brazil contrast is relevant in that case, but as one has to say on pricing it is early days and we will see how the markets evolve and what the competitive reaction is. So let's turn to 2019. Our intense focus on innovation and bringing our products to new channels and markets supported by a meaningful increase in advertising continues. The innovation grid we have in 2019 is uniquely and especially strong, particularly on some scale core businesses in addition to many of the adjacencies that we have in our portfolio. This is the opportunity to accelerate our growth which is why we have guided to the 2% to 4% organic growth increase. And Noel will talk in some detail about the growth plans that we have in 2019. The area I want to talk about for 2019 is our continued focus on pricing and that is for two reasons. One is a continued focus on premiumizing our portfolio. And the second is offsetting underlying costs including the transactional impact of foreign exchange. So, if I take a step back and just give you a view on the underlying commodity cost trends on our business, for 2018 the overall increase in underlying commodity costs was 7%. In the third quarter as we told you, it was 8%. In the fourth quarter, it was 9% and for 2019, our plan calls for a 6% increase in underlying commodity costs. Now obviously given the shape of 2018 and as John will reaffirm in his prepared remarks. The cost headwinds will be higher in the first half of 2019. Foreign exchange for 2019 which brings the transactional costs on top of the underlying commodity costs for the year, we expect to be in the 2% to 2.5% range. Now importantly and pleasingly, over two-thirds of our 2019 pricing is either rollover pricing from 2018 or pricing already accepted as part of the significant re-launches of the Total business and the Hill's Science Diet business. In other words, already accepted and in place. And the net result of that scenario for 2019 is that we expect our gross profit to increase 30 and 50 basis points. So, those are the framing remarks I would like to put on 2019 and simply, we're pleased it is a unique opportunity to accelerate the growth of our organic topline. And as some of you may recall, in the second and third quarter calls in response to questions, we emphasized the fact that we were building a plan in 2019 that would reflect the quality and depth of activity we have. That's what we've done and we have confidence in that plan. So, here's Noel to give you a little bit more on growth.
Noel Wallace: Thanks Ian and good morning everyone. As Ian mentioned in his opening remarks, our number one priority is to accelerate organic sales growth. So, this morning I'm going to discuss three key areas of focus to improve our organic sales performance for 2019 and beyond. You'll year from more from me on this at CAGNY, but I want to provide some initial thoughts to you today. First, we're driving the core of our business to innovation and improved brand building. Second, we're using innovation to grow in adjacent categories and product segments. And third, we're expanding the availability of our products to distribution to new markets and new channels. Let me start with growing the core. As you know we have big core businesses that represent the majority of our sales and are the key driver of Colgate status as one of the most penetrated consumer back brands in the world. It is important to keep these core businesses vital and growing to innovation, strong marketing support, and the right consumer messaging. You will see significant innovation against our core in 2019 including the Colgate Total relaunch which is the biggest news we've had this brand in its more than 20-year history. With this introduction, we are inventing the multi-benefit category that Colgate created. We're invigorating anchor brand and driving consumer engagement, trial, and market share. It's not easy taking a great formula and making [Indiscernible] so we're excited to bring this breakthrough technology to market this year. The new Colgate Total improves upon the previous version providing several new benefits; including a sensitivity benefit across all variants, instant neutralization of odors associated with bad breath, the ability to seek and fight bacteria for enamel protection, and new cooling agents for lasting freshness. Importantly, the added benefits allow us to take pricing which should help us drive our global value shares higher, particularly, in key markets like the U.S. and Brazil. And as you would expect, we would support this launch with a new increase in brand-building activity. In U.S. we expect to generate significant consumer awareness with a record number of in-store displays and advertising that we developed specifically for this year's Super Bowl. The rest of the world would also see a significant increase in advertising and trade activity. And Colgate Total is not the only core innovation you'll see from us this year. 2019 also marks the relaunch of our Hill's Science Diet business with new SKUs hitting the stores in the U.S. in the first quarter and rolling out globally over the next 12 months. Our Science Diet sales and market share performance has accelerated over the past several quarters behind improved advertising and higher spending levels, distribution gains and continued strength in e-commerce, the re-launch allow us to build on recent successes. The Science Diet re-launch includes upgrading the recipes and improving cable shakes. And for pet parents, we've completely redesigned our packaging graphics in a way that will enhance their shopping experience and give them a greater understanding on Hill's brand purpose. We believe this re-launch also provides us with the opportunity to increase pricing. We're very excited to build on Science Diet strong momentum from 2018. So it's vital to have a healthy core, which includes some of our most important brands. Still, we know we need to continue to innovate into faster growing adjacent categories and segments. You have heard us talk a lot about Naturals and by the end of 2018 we had Naturals offerings in toothpastes in 79 countries. We continue to expand our Natural offerings in toothpaste based on local insights with the launch of charcoal variant across many countries with encouraging early results. As Ian mentioned, our Colgate Vedshakti line in India continues to see solid share performance with seven straight quarters of sequential share improvement. In the modern trade, which is Vedshakti's strongest channel, the franchise achieved a 4.4 share in the fourth quarter. In Germany, we're excited about the launch of Meridol cure for this quarter. We developed a formula that allows us to combine Meridol strong therapeutic heritage with natural ingredients to improve gum health. Naturals is also a key area of focus in personal and home care. We continue to be pleased with the performance in the Sanex brand with a 0% line is a key factor in driving growth and we've expanded this line into the U.K. We're also expanding our Palmolive Vel Rosita Personal Care line across Latin America and are launching new body wash and handsoap lines including Palmolive Play in Europe. In Home Care, we're launching under the Ajax brand a number of household cleaner variance using natural ingredients like essential oils, baking soda and citronella. So we've covered how we're driving the core and expanding into adjacent growing segments. Now I want to focus on how we are pushing even more aggressively into faster growth channels and expanding geographic footprint of our brands. We are launching Elmex and Meridol in the pharmacy channel in new markets this year. We're also expanding the distribution of our professional skincare businesses PCA Skin and EltaMD in spas and dermatologists where we're seeing strong growth. One of the most exciting programs we have in place for this year is the launch of Hills to home, a new e-commerce platform that allows pet parents to purchase prescription diet products directly from their veterinarian to arrive for home delivery. The pet parents initially signs up for their program through their vet, who enters the appropriate Prescription Diet food recommendation. This new system allows us to maintain the key relationship between Hill's, our vet partners and pet parents while still providing a convenient to that home delivery it is crucial in this category. By enrolling the pet parents in that subscription-based program we also increased compliance with prescriptions, which leads to better health outcomes for their pets and importantly a higher ROI for Hill's. Another areas of our business, we're looking on our e-commerce and direct consumer partners with Hubbell and bond based shave club to further build our capabilities in digital, e-commerce and direct-to-consumer which will allow us to expand our offerings and strengthen our consumer relationships. For example, in the fourth quarter we launched at-home whitening kits to our e-commerce platform in China. So this is our focus. Drive the core, growing adjacencies in new product segments and expand into new channels and markets. I hope this gives you a better understanding our plans and priorities to invest to accelerate organic sales growth in 2019 and beyond. Now I'll turn it over to John.
John Faucher: Thanks, Noel. In order to leave time for some Q&A, I will forgo the normal divisional review and simply discuss the Q4 financials and then our 2019 guidance. Our net sales declined 2% in Q4. The 0.5% unit volume growth and 2.5% favorable pricing were offset by negative 5% impact from foreign exchange. Our recently acquired professional skincare businesses EltaMD and PCA Skin contributed 1% to net sales and unit volume growth in the quarter. On a GAAP basis, our gross profit margin was down 70 basis points year-over-year. Excluding the impact of our Global Growth and Efficiency Program, it was down 100 basis points year-over-year. For the quarter, our 250 basis points of pricing provided a 110 basis point benefit to gross margin. Raw material costs, including foreign exchange transaction costs, were a 490 basis point drag on gross margin year-over-year. Our productivity program, led by our Funding the Growth initiatives, provided a 280 basis point benefit to gross margin. On an absolute basis, advertising investment was up 2% year-over-year in Q4, with increases across every division except Latin America, which was impacted by foreign exchange and reductions in spending in Argentina related to the recent devaluation. On a percent to sales basis, advertising was up year-over-year in Q4. Excluding charges resulting from our Global Growth and Efficiency Program and advertising spending, our SG&A expenses were down year-over-year in Q4 on an absolute basis, but up as a percent of sales, driven by the continued increases in logistics costs. The remainder of our overhead costs were down on an absolute basis and flat as a percentage to sales, benefiting from our productivity programs. On a GAAP basis, diluted earnings per share of $0.70 were up 89% year-over-year in Q4. Excluding charges resulting from our Global Growth and Efficiency Program and the charge related to U.S. tax reform in 2017, diluted earnings per share were down 1% at $0.74. Looking to 2019. As stated in the press release, based on current spot rates we expect net sales to be flat to up low single digits with organic sales growth of 2% to 4% and a negative impact from foreign exchange. Based on current spot rates, for the full year we expect gross margin to be up year-over-year on both the GAAP basis and excluding charges related to our Global Growth and Efficiency Program. We expect the benefits of pricing and our productivity programs to offset an overall increase in raw material costs, which includes the impact of transactional foreign exchange. We are assuming that raw material prices increase from current levels. In order to support innovation that Noel discussed, we plan that advertising will be up meaningfully in 2019, both on an absolute basis and as a percent of sales versus 2018. We will continue our efforts to drive greater effectiveness and efficiency in our advertising spending by improving the impact of our advertising, shifting advertising dollars into higher ROI media and reducing non-working media expenditures. We expect our full year 2019 tax rate to be between 25.5% and 26.5%, both on a GAAP basis and excluding charges related to our Global Growth and Efficiency Program in 2019 and 2018 and charges related to U.S. tax reform and the benefit from a foreign tax matter in 2018. On a non-GAAP basis this is an increase versus our 2018 tax rate. Based on current spot rates, we expect GAAP earnings per share to be down low single-digits for the year. Excluding charges related to the Global Growth and Efficiency Program in 2019 and 2018 and charges related to the U.S. tax reform and the benefit from a foreign tax matter in 2018, we expect earnings per share to decline mid-single digits for the year, which includes a negative impact of translational foreign exchange. While we feel good about the programs we had in place for 2019 as Noel discussed, we feel it is prudent to factor in uncertainty in global economies, exchange rates and the competitive environment. I would also highlight that we expect foreign exchange and raw material headwinds to be higher in the first half of the year. And with that, I'll turn it over to Ian for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.
Dara Mohsenian: Hi, good morning guys.
Ian Cook: Good morning, Dara.
Dara Mohsenian: So, Ian and Noel obviously highlighted the strong innovation pipeline on the call numerous times with Total and Science Diet as well as all the other products. Can you help quantify that for us, how much of the top line growth this year you're expecting to come from innovation? How different is that than a typical year? And obviously, you're assuming a large increase in A&P spending in 2019 in your guidance, can you give us a bit more detail on where exactly that's going to be focused? Is it mainly just the innovations or given such a large magnitude are there other base geographies or product categories your focused on? And then last, what gives you the confidence behind the payback from that? And we did see a big add increase in the back half of 2017 in organic sales growth that accelerated in 2018 and would imagine innovations a bigger part of the answer, but what's giving you confidence in the payback from higher spent in terms of top line growth? Thanks.
Ian Cook: Thanks for the one question, Dara. So let me take them in turn. What is not typical about 2019 is the scale innovation on what Noel is calling the core businesses. Now we had mentioned Science Diet before. This is the first time we had mentioned Science Diet. We mentioned Total before which is a seven-share global brand. And Science Diet as I say is that nearly half of the Hill's business and these will not be the only scale businesses you'll be hearing about in 2019. That is different from traditional innovation cycles. On top of that, as Noel said, we have the adjacent work that is underway on Naturals across the portfolio and quite a broad array of what I would call normal innovation on the business. So the big difference -- and I'm not going to break out in a quantification sense, but the big difference is scale business -- scale core business, relaunches which by the way terrific technology, terrific consumer acceptance, and we know now with Total, terrific advertising vehicles that have tested extraordinarily well. To your second point -- and again, I think this is an important point to make. One of the reasons we talked over the last couple of years about sustaining advertising investment and is you need to do two things; you need to maintain the relevance of the equity of our brand which means maintaining continuous advertising support behind the brand in the world with lots of distractions and change. In 2019, the advertising at that we are putting behind these scaled innovations is incremental advertising. So, we're maintaining advertising support on the equity and we are adding advertising to drive awareness and trial which gets repeat and then builds into a virtual cycle of continuous growth. But we need to get trial of products that are new that are scaled products. So, that is the focus of the advertising. And within that you obviously have the continued shift to case of Hill's, it's all digital. So, you have those executional intricacies. But from a big picture point of view that is the approach. And we're confident in the payback in the sense of the expectation we have for growth and market share on those innovations which as we have said have taken a long time to bring together and we think will set change of the business going forward. In other words create an inflection point for the growth of the company that based on the quality of products, will continue beyond 2019. So, that's the confidence.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: Hey, good morning folks and belated Happy New Year to you as well. Its early lots of ground I guess we could cover. But I'm just going to focus on Total, because clearly, it's a big focal point for you right now. As a step back and as we talk to investors, there's some degree of skepticism on whether or not this can really move the needle. New and improved propositions don't usually move the needle in a big way. It seems like many of the market share gainers in the key categories are winning a distinct benefit platforms rather than universal beneficial bundles such as Total. So, can you give us a sense of -- or could you give us little more specificity on what drives your enthusiasm and what maybe -- the investment community may not be appreciating? And then related to this, you haven't really mentioned the removal of triclosan from the formula as part of the upgrade platform benefit. Is that because it doesn't really matter? Or is there benefit that comes with that too, whether it be broadening aperture to call it consumers or markets, et cetera? Thank you.
Ian Cook: Yes. Jason there is innovation every year and we see a barrage of labels that say new and improved. But frankly like most things in life there's new and improved and new and improved. And this we view as the biggest breakthrough since we came with the original Total product. It has been many years in the making in terms of delivering the claims that Noel has mentioned in delivering the flavors that have as much indeed better appeal than the existing flavor which in a taste business is something you have to be very focused on. And most importantly, the consumer has reactivated in all of our testing, interestingly not just consumer testing, but in market testing that we did if you will under the radar with no advertising, but at significantly higher pricing, because of the quality of the product and the consumer response is very good. And that is why I made the point about the quality of the advertising as well. So, we know we have a quality product. We do see it as breakthrough. We have been working with dental professionals since the fourth quarter of last year to convey the richness of studies we have behind the product. And we now have advertising that we know is persuasive and motivating and got through with customers. And on top of that, we are getting extraordinary support from our retail partners in terms of shelving and in terms off-shelf display to generate the trial of the product. And that's why I'm sort of distinguishing the scale of these core relaunches. This is not sort of couple of blue dots in and call it new and improved. So it's a big difference and it's why we are investing through all of the stakeholders involved in the brand that it is a breakthrough which is incremental investment, because trial bills over a two year period for a new product so the time is now. Now triclosan we are in different. We were quite clear when we spoke about this relaunch at Barclays last September that the new formula would replace the existing formula that contains triclosan that happens to be because we have a better product today than we had with the old product. And that was a great product and we stood behind that product all the time from a scientific point of view. This just happens to be a better product and that's where we are moving to.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: Great. Thanks, good morning.
Ian Cook: Good morning, Lauren.
Lauren Lieberman: Good morning. I was hoping you could talk a little bit about drivers of toothpaste global category growth sort of comparing maybe the last five years versus what you see coming maybe over the next five sort of thinking about the units market penetration usage versus premiumization. Because it sounds like you've been talking consistently about premiumization that's been a biggest trend in some of your major markets. But I also feel like it's not that long ago that you were still highlighting sort of the actual market penetration usage opportunity. If you could talk a little bit about the balancing of the sort of last five years looking forward and how you're thinking about that as part of your strategy will be great?
Ian Cook: Yes. Lauren good question. It's not an exclusive thing. One trend in the marketplace is that the value growth of the marketplace is accelerating because of premiumization. Premiumization happens in two ways; one is great businesses get better, creates more value for the consumer and receive more value as a brand which is the Total story. The second is we see many smaller brands at premium pricing in niche segments in the category. And I talked a little bit earlier about Vedshakti. We could talk about Tom's of Maine, which continues to grow quite nicely, which is a unique brand. We could talk about -- again about the charcoal variance what had been mention. So, when we talk about premiumization, it's both of those things. We're not just talking about Total. And we also are not forgetting the penetration opportunity in the world. I have said before on these calls that still our volume share is higher than our volume share; one out of two physical tubes of toothpaste on the planet are Colgate tubes of toothpaste. And yes, we want the premiumization. But we also want the users of our product -- and one of the reasons our volume share is higher is because when we entered markets, we made sure that we had the portfolio that had an entry price point that was available to the most rural market entry consumer we could find. And then behind that we have put the Bright Smiles, Bright Futures programs in those emerging markets. We have talked recently about the work we are doing across Africa which has been stepped-up substantially. And I would repeat when we talk about investment, yes, we're putting in investment behind the innovation, but we are also increasing the investment behind market penetration because we think that that is an important aspect of our sustainable growth over time just based on the average use of toothpaste and the users around the world. So, they're not mutually exclusive, I guess, is the point. We have focused on the innovation because that is a big driver for 2019. But by no means does that mean we are reducing our effort on building market penetration.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Nik Modi with RBC Capital Markets.
Nik Modi: Yes, thanks. Good morning everyone.
Ian Cook: Good morning Nik.
Nik Modi: Good morning. I was just -- thanks Noel for those comments about kind of where you're focused. Maybe both Noel and Ian you can answer, when you think about the 2% to 4% for 2019, is there any way you can give us perspective on the waitings? Like how important would the relaunches be relative to perhaps some of the white space opportunities and the distribution opportunities? Just providing a little bit more clarity around the drivers of that 2% to 4% would be helpful. And then maybe what kind of what your expectation is for just general category growth for 2019? Thanks.
Ian Cook: Yes, I think if we take the categories and you look around the world, we're in a place where you see Europe still flat to 1%, you see North America north of 2%, and you see the emerging markets in that 4% to 6% range. When you take it all together you're talking about 2%, 2.5% underlying category growth rates. Now if I come back to what's going to drive the shape of that 2% to 4%, I'm not going to break down the scale versus the underlying business is because we are doing a lot of smart things on all of the other businesses that we have. But it is the combination of those that give us the confidence in that 2% to 4% spread, particularly entering the year of the encouraging 2% in the fourth quarter.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank.
Steve Powers: Great. Thank you very much. A question on the implied reinvestment this year, I guess, I'm just looking for a little bit more clear specificity if I could. On how much of that is envisioned to go into A&P versus into new capabilities that may not be considered advertising but might touch up in base level SG&A things like as it relates to digital and e-commerce or the Naturals push? Because there's a fair amount of reinvestment implied in the guidance and I'm just trying to figure out if that is truly 100% A&P or there if it's spread across broader SG&A? Thank you.
Ian Cook: Yeah. A good question, Steve. A large part of it is A&P  a large part of it is A&P. When you start breaking down SG&A you're also going to see that we have logistics in our SG&A and that has topped out reasonably high at the end of this year. And if it continuous at the same level when you look at the fourth quarter that will be a component of the increase  an in SG&A. And yes you're right to the extent that digital is requiring personnel and locations and capabilities that might get picked up elsewhere in SG&A. We have also been putting that in place and that underlies Noel's comment about extending into those areas. So you're going to see a bit of logistics predominantly A&P and then also a little bit in the overhead area supporting our continued push into the digital space.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Bonnie Herzog with Wells Fargo.
Bonnie Herzog: Thank you. Good morning.
Ian Cook: Good morning, Bonnie.
Bonnie Herzog: Hi. I had a few questions on your guidance. I was hoping you guys could help bridge the GAAP between your long-term EPS growth target and then your EPS guidance this year between I guess capital spending the higher tax rate and the FX headwinds? And also is this higher level spending a new norms for you and really what's necessary for you guys to drive faster growth in this environment? And finally you're forecasting operating margin contraction this year, but do you anticipate the contraction to be less than it was last year?
Ian Cook: Yes. Again, thank you for the single question. I think the most important focus in 2019 is to continue progress on accelerating growth off an encouraging fourth quarter. And I think two things to say, you kind of really asked two questions; one is what happens longer term from a return point of view; and the other was is this cost of doing the business. So let me kind of break the two. And we're not going to get into discussions about 2020, because it's too much uncertainty between now and then in terms of what could happen with foreign exchange, raw materials and other factors. Our spending this year is dictated by the amount of activity that we have on our core businesses as well as the other opportunities that Noel talked about. And we believe that this level of support and the quality of the innovation should drive an improvement in our organic sales growth in that 2% to 4% range. That will of course leave us in a better position as we enter 2020 and beyond. And if our plan evolves the way we are expecting, raw material pressures will lessen in the second half as will foreign exchange which should lead to a sequential improvement in our earnings growth rate and bring us into 2020 with good momentum. And that will set us up for 2020 and beyond. Now if you flip it the other way and say is this investment behind growth or is this simply the cost of doing the business, you can kind of step back from that question as well. And I think it's been clear that for the past several years, one could say since the financial crises growth has been more challenging. And what can happen and we have observed does happen is that when growth is challenging that people are willing to pay more for it and you see that in our categories and you sometimes see and we have seen and we have commented about competitive activity that is more in the trade spending area to drive volume rather than build brands. So that said, we're not spending more because we have to but because we have innovation and marketing programs that are worth spending on now. Now one thing I would say and I should have said in response to an earlier question, one encouraging aspect at this time is that pricing appears to get better. I had talked about you have seen the pricing we got in the fourth quarter. I talked about the rollover pricing and the Total and Hill's pricing that is already set at over two-thirds of our pricing in 2019. So, if we move into an environment where pricing is positive and you're hearing similar commentary from many in our space and competition happens in the advertising line not above the net revenue line then marketing and innovation will win out not price promotion. And I think we view that as a good thing for the future.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ali Dibadj with Bernstein.
Ian Cook: Morning Ali.
Ali Dibadj: Morning and Noel nice to hear you on the call. So, look I'm glad your filing increasing investments in 2019, but I do want to push a little bit more on whether it's enough. A second ago you said you're not doing it because you need to, but because you got stuff behind you -- innovation, et cetera, behind you. So, I want to push on whether you think is enough because you're still losing global market share, emerging markets, in particular, and you just mentioned a few questions ago, 4% to 6% EM category growth, you're 1.5%. If you look at your press release and kind of tradition of when there's a mission and market share gains means you're not gaining or you're, in fact, losing and that's Mexico, Brazil, Russia, India, China, maybe South Africa. And we like the strategy. We like that you're launching Elmex and Meridol and new channels in new geographies to help the Colgate brand out. We like the innovation, but usually that's kind of a long road. It's not a one-year type thing. And so with all that -- and to answer against a previous question tying it back together, it feels like there's maybe 100 basis points or so increase in ad spending in 2019. Do you expect that to just be a one-time increase in A&P? Do you think you'll have to continue raising your spend to maybe something north of 11% or 12% or 13%. We certainly believe that might be a possibility over the next few years. And that will continue win on growth because usually these -- you've been in the industry for a long time, we've observed this for a while. It's not a won and done typically, right? It's usually multi-year turnaround, multi-year investments. So, just push you on that is this enough? Is this all we're going to hear in terms of a reinvestment here?
Ian Cook: Yes, as usual a very well-framed question. I think the answer has to be that we believe it is because that is the plan we have put together and the way I think I would frame it; I tried to capture it a little bit in the answer to the previous question. There is a difference between to your point innovation in niches that do take time to grow. We're very pleased with Vedshakti, but it's taking time to build. We know we have a winning product. We will be patient and we will be successful. So, again, I come back to the difference here is your taking scale businesses. You're making significant relaunches with better quality product perceivable to the consumer and you are focusing your investment on generating trial. When you generate the trial, our data says we will get elevated levels of repeat and that becomes a virtual cycle. If these businesses, as we plan and expect them to do, driver growth and market share, then as you progress through year, you come out of 2019 in a very good place, growth reestablished, scale businesses to your point about market share with growing market shares and then you enter 2020 in a very different place with an activity array that will be different, strong. Clearly 2020 has been worked upon for a while and we well decide based on that activity plate what is the necessary level of investment. But it'll be driven by the activity that we have and based on our planning it will be driven by activity on a 2019 that sees us get back to a stronger rate of growth. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Kevin Grundy with Jefferies.
Kevin Grundy: Thanks good morning everyone.
Ian Cook: Hi Kevin.
Kevin Grundy: Hey good morning Ian. Question on cost structure, as we know it's not uncommon to see companies lean in a bit harder on cost savings in an effort to fund some of the stepped up reinvestment when we see the EPS reset kind of years, but that wasnt outlined this morning. We didn't see an expansion of the Global Growth and Efficiency Program or step-up and savings expected from funding the growth. So while I don't want to put words in your mouth, presumably there's a certain level of comfort with what the company has already outlined. So I can appreciate sensitivity on the topic, but one, was that a consideration as you were building the plan with what looks like it's going to be about 100 basis points of hurt to the P&L in the year? And then two on that topic maybe perhaps just provide an update on how you see opportunity on this front with respect to cost savings? Thank you for that.
Ian Cook: Yes. No thank you and fair question. You can rest assured actually if I take funding the growth first, when you go through our gross margin role forward, I know John did it in general but our funding the growth savings in the fourth quarter were 280 basis points compared to 250 basis points in the fourth quarter of 2017. So you can rest assured that internationally we have as challenging a goal in place for 2019 and suffice to say we tend to push a little beyond the goals we have established. So there is no lack of focus on trying to generate more from our funding the growth program. On the Global Growth and Efficiency Program you will remember way extended it one year. We have a variety of new initiatives already baked in that take advantage of the steps we've been making in the three major areas which is the hubbing, the shared service centers and the rationalization continuing on facilities. And of course, we are working very diligently to see if you can train the new, not yet in the plan opportunities that we can add to those initiatives. And if we find them we will certainly pursue them and we are certainly looking forward to them. So it was not absent. We have set a plan where we are, but we have not -- we are not stopping looking aggressively. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Olivia Tong with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 
Olivia Tong: Thank you. My question is around your investments in e-commerce and direct-to-consumer. Because while it doesn't sound like there's a ton of incremental spend on the development here, I was curious how your thought process is changing to capture a greater share of our consumers. So like on regular online, how much is focused on changing formulations packaging et cetera versus a change in potentially the messaging around post side bars things like that? And then, can you elaborate a little bit more on your direct-to-consumers initiatives, you mentioned Hill's to Home. But you're already big in Hill's here, so is that -- where's sort of the incremental in that? And what are you taking from the Hill's lowering capabilities into the other parts of your business? Thank you.
Ian Cook: Okay, well let me -- from an e-commerce point of view, one of the reasons and indeed it was Noel that brought the partnerships in one of the reasons we are pondering with Hubble and with Bombay Shave is to give us some external insight into these areas, techniques that we can experiment with. And so yeah, we are exploring all of the different ways you can go-to-market from an e-commerce point of view and will continue to broaden what we experiment with going forward. And the Hill's direct-to-consumer, the importance of that is that there are certain group of consumers but for further convenience of shopping online. And yet for a prescription product, you need a vet recommendation and indeed they often seek of that recommendation. So if you're a dyed in the wool online shopper, right now you can't get that from your local vet online. You have to get it physically from that local vet. So this provides the capability to maintain the engagement of the vet and yet give the recipient of the product, the product delivered in the way they want and we have found with our subscription modeling, but of course at that gives the Pats actually better quality health in the sense that they will stay on the diet and get the full benefit of the product.
Noel Wallace: Olivia, maybe I'll jump in and just add a couple -- a little bit of flavor to that. Obviously, we're increasing our spending in digital. We see a pretty substantive acceleration in digital moving into 2019 as we saw in 2018 which we think is certainly having an impact on our e-commerce shares. As you may have seen our e-commerce shares in the U.S. are up 60 basis points. In toothpaste, we are clearly the number one player in that category with a delta of about five share points to our nearest competitor. Our shares in highly competitive China market are flat this year and in our view generate a significant amount of learning and we'll be looking to bring new innovations specifically to that channel in China in 2019 to accelerate that growth. And then our biggest e-commerce business as you're well aware of is our Hill's business which had a terrific year in e-commerce, up 50 basis points. And we're very, very happy with what the progress that team is making in terms of how they are using digital which as you may recall is their only medium of advertising. They spend a 100% in that area behind the business. And we certainly see that paying off both in our e-commerce shares as well as our brick-and-mortar shares. The success of the Hill's business throughout the year was sequential and the shares are supporting that coming back to that question our vet channel shares which are Prescription Diet were up 60 basis points. And our pet superstore business which is Science Diet were up 60 basis points. So, again, we think the focus and the learning that we're getting behind digital spending and how that interacts and plays into our e-commerce business is well constructed.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Robert Ottenstein with Evercore ISI.
Robert Ottenstein: Great. Thank you very much. Wondering if you could give us some more insights into your business and commercial moment in China. I think in the opening comments you said you expect to see improvement in the second half. So, maybe some -- what are the drivers for that? And then perhaps touch on how Dare to Love program is going with Alibaba? What are you seeing from that? Anymore progress or initiatives with Alibaba? And also touch on premiumization in China and Elmex? Thank you.
Ian Cook: Yes. Well, thanks Robert. China, as we said, made sequential improvement, but continued to be down as we work through the very complicated destocking areas to get the pricing -- substantial pricing that has been taken to the shelf. And yes, you're right, as we said earlier, we expect that to be a journey and whilst we expect to see sequential improvement in the first half of the year, we don't expect to return to positive growth and will the second half. Share is a holding in okay. Consumption is holding in okay. Dare to Love was repeated with Alibaba this year, but the important new news was Elmex. And that product started on team with Alibaba and it's up to over one share point. So, a reasonably good start for a slow-build therapeutic product. And we're quite pleased with that. And as Noel mentioned, we'll be going with an at-home whitening offering in China online the same way that happens to be a high-growth area as well in China. So, a lot of plans in place. And we are just going to have the have the patience to work through it.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Bill Chappell with SunTrust.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is actually [Indiscernible] on for Bill. Thanks for taking the question. Our question was just on the balance between volume and pricing, particularly, in emerging markets this coming year. I think we kind of understand that the volume drag was due to that pricing in the back half of this past year, but kind of working forward, any thoughts on the timing based on competitive pricing actions that be able to start to see volume growth in the emerging markets coming middle of this year, back half of this year, kind of, any color around that would be great? Thank you.
Ian Cook: Yes, as you said we were pleased with the pricing that we have taken. And as you rightly say, there is always an impact on volume. So, as we think about it for next year, the plan we have is a balanced between pricing and volume. And it would be fair to say that the recovery of volume at least in the emerging markets as you say is spread across the year. Said from a big picture point of view, it is pricing-lead growth for the year, but there's a volume component.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Astrachan with Stifel.
Mark Astrachan: Yeah, thanks, and good afternoon everybody. One quick follow-up and then just another question. On the China piece I was surprised pricing wasn't higher in Asia PAC given the degree of pricing that you're taking in China. So it sounds like maybe there's some timing some inventory work through still to come so that may explain it. But if you could you just help on that that would be great? And then secondly, just I wanted to know explore learnings from the professional skincare acquisitions from beginning of last year. And if you look at the numbers, it seems like they've actually been pretty successful obviously on a small base. But curious what learnings you've had from that? And whether you could take the professional skincare into -- or would take the professional skincare into retail skincare or other channels. Is that something potentially you'd look to focus on? And kind of related to that given all that we've heard today a lot going on so is that even something with a priority at this point?
Ian Cook: Yes. Well thanks for the questions. Frankly, Mark, you answered your own first question. And that was what I was trying to imply by that these stocks are working through, so we are working the pricing to the consumer, but it is delayed as we work through the complicated inventory destocking. But I didn't know where you were going to go with the professional skincare business in terms of our learning. I think one thing we would say is that we obviously as Noel said expanding the portfolio in the geographies that we have which we think will continue to drive the strong growth of that business. The other thing I would comment at this stage in terms of the top line for North America you will remember that effective 2019 that PCA and Elta will now be incremental to the organic growth of North America which is a nice uptick for that business. As to the idea of retail, I think our thinking is we are likely to take the model and expand more products in the portfolio to other locations as a first step, but I wouldn't rule out retail at a point in time. But I don't think given all of the other things as you suggested we are focus on this year that 2019 would be the year that we would consider that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Feeney with Consumer Edge.
Jonathan Feeney: Good morning. Thanks very much. So, how much
Ian Cook: Hi, Jonathan.
Jonathan Feeney: Hi. So, how much do you think a below average microenvironment if roughly the way to think about restrained emerging market growth in 2018 because in light of what at least look like similar FOREX and macro trends in 2009 or even 2015 when your own numbers were a little bit better? There's anyway you can share it or maybe parse what's secular from what's cyclical in emerging markets would be helpful? Thank you.
Ian Cook: Well, I'm not a macroeconomist. So, what we tend to focus on is consumer behavior. Obviously, we -- the one where the lines crossed, if you will, was what we saw in Latin America with the lack of customary inflation which we think given the underlying commodity price pressures is beginning to come back. I guess the other conclusion we have grown is that Mexico seems to be six months ahead of Brazil. And while we stay very vigilant on Brazil, an optimistic view would see that perhaps follow the same curve. Beyond that, I wouldn't make any significant predictions. These are products that tend to be more fundamental usage products and we have enough bandwidth in our portfolio to scale down and scale up depending the way the market grows. And even in Brazil where the category has suffered, our market share has held up surprisingly well. Those are the only comments I think I'm informed enough to make.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan.
Andrea Teixeira: Hi, thank you. Ian my question is a follow-up on China. So, you sounded optimistic that the high-teens price increase in China is working its way there. But can you break down the performance between direct and indirect channels? Are the volumes still declining in both direct and indirect? And if inventory has normalized in the indirect channel? And also more like fundamental question about that could you also just explain a little bit more what's driving the indirect channel to be actively seeking out the lower price Colgate products considering the commentary about China generally premiumizing. So, any color on that would be helpful? Thank you.
Ian Cook: Yes, interesting question Andrea. I think pricing generally moves to the direct trade more quickly than it does the indirect trade and we had made that point on the last call. And then when we talked about the destocking, I think, we laid out quite clearly the fact that the distribution go-to-market now has become enormously complicated in terms of the multiple ways people can buy a product whether it's a direct, whether it's indirect, whether it's online, whether it's offline. And that is what created the complication compounded by the fact you have less visibility with the indirect channel than you do with the direct channel. So, it is the indirect channel, but remember the indirect channel in China still goes to modern trade outlets, supermarkets. So, it's that that's going to have to work its way through.
Operator: And we'll take our final question from Steve Strycula with UBS.
Steven Strycula: Hi, good afternoon. Ian you referenced a few times in the call so far that two-thirds of the price increases have already been secured. So my question is, if you by chance do not secure the other third of the intended price increases where would that place within the spectrum of your 30 to 50 basis points of gross margin expansion this year? And then John for guardrail purposes, how do you think about operating profit dollar transfer the full year since EPS will be down mid-single digits? Thanks.
Ian Cook: Yes. I'll speak for John. In terms of -- actually the point of making the comment on the pricing was to suggest confidence that we will indeed realize all of the pricing, given that more than two-thirds of it is already in place now. And given what we know is the first half headwind in terms of raw materials and foreign exchange and given what we see and hear from competitors operating in similar spaces. So unless you hear otherwise, our intention was to convey confidence in our ability to deliver the pricing. And in terms of operating profit as you know, we don't guide operating profit. We guide to the gross margin and the EPS. And to your point on gross margin, if we realize the pricing and our funding the growth ambitions of the year, we are comfortable with our 30 to 50 basis points guide on gross margin. So I believe those are all of the questions. I thank you for joining the call and we look forward to talking with you in April. 
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-26 11:00:00) =====
Executives: John Faucher - SVP, IR Ian Cook - Chairman and CEO
Analysts: Dara Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley Olivia Tong - Bank of America Ali Dibadj - Bernstein Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Andrea Teixeira - JP Morgan Bonnie Herzog - Wells Fargo Wendy Nicholson - Citi Jason English - Goldman Sachs Caroline Levy - Macquarie Stephen Powers - Deutsche Bank Kevin Grundy - Jefferies Bill Chappell - SunTrust Mark Astrachan - Stifel
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to todays Colgate-Palmolive Company Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgatepalmolive.com. Now for opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to the Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, John Faucher. Please go ahead, John.
John Faucher: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to our third quarter earnings release conference call. This is John Faucher, Senior Vice President for Investor Relations. Joining me this morning are Ian Cook, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Henning Jakobsen, Chief Financial Officer. Todays conference call will include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from these statements. Please refer to the earnings press release and our most recent filings with the SEC, including our 2017 Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings, all available on Colgates website, for a discussion of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these statements. This conference call will also include a discussion of non-GAAP financial measures, including those identified in tables 8 and 9 of the earnings press release. A full reconciliation to the corresponding GAAP financial measures is included in the earnings press release and is available on Colgates website.
Ian Cook: Good morning, everyone. This is Ian, and Id like to make some introductory comments. You will recall from our previous quarterly earnings call that we talked in some depth and with some urgency around our focus on innovation and building growth in channels where people are shopping, and our commitment to advertising and continuing to derive efficiency and capabilities. And I do not intend today to dwell on those areas. What I intend to focus on is what was a challenging and disappointing quarter for us. Challenging on two levels. First, foreign exchange, which moved sharply negative, particularly so in our large Latin American division; and secondly, the underlying growth in commodity costs, partly affected by the transaction impact of foreign exchange. Underlying materials were up over 8%; oil, as you know, was up 46% quarter-on-quarter. And as you will hear from John, who will go forward, our margin roll forward, raw and packing materials this quarter were 390 basis points negative impact against gross margin. And from both material and foreign exchange points of view, we expect that pressure to continue in the fourth quarter. And that is why, we took the pricing that we did in the third, which we spoke to about in the second quarter, and pricing will continue to be an area of necessary focus going forward, as you have heard from some of our competitors quite recently. The disappointing part of this earnings report is the weak top-line, for 6 divisions up, but with Brazil in Latin America and China in Asia drove our top-line from positive to negative. So, let me start with Brazil. In Brazil, the macroeconomics are volatile, including a hangover from the trucker strike in the second quarter. And of course, less now, but still uncertainty around the elections. The categories, as youve heard from others, in our principal businesses, turned negative in the third quarter, both in volume and in value. We took pricing early as we said we would, and we have not yet seen retail pricing move up or competitors for our pricing lead. And as you know and as you have heard from others as well, in situations like this, often there is a gap between the lead and moving price and competitors following. We have obviously therefore seen a volume impact negatively because of the pricing we took. And we reported, you may recall, less of a negative impact from the trucker strike in the second quarter than our competitors, and that may also have affected our third quarter performance a little bit as well. Our market shares continue to hold in well, up year-to-date and holding through our leading pricing action. And our plans going forward remain the same. We are sticking with our commitment to pricing. And we do expect inflation to return to the categories. Were launching the premium new products that we said we would, in the pharmacy channel, OrthoGard and PerioGard off to a good start; elmex just starting to ship right now. And Naturals in toothpaste and Personal Care moving to the marketplace. And of course, as we announced at Barclays and this applies globally, we have the relaunch of our scale core Total business beginning worldwide in the first quarter and for Brazil particularly where this is a 17 share business, it will have a favorable impact on growth going forward. We, I must say, take on Brazil, a more guarded view than we have heard from others given the situation we see in our categories. But, if I would offer a glimmer of light, it is fair to say when we look at our category data, accessing the third quarter, the declines we saw were easing, which hopefully augurs well as we go forward. China is a different set of circumstances. We remain positive on China. There is growth in the category, and our volume share of 34% has held constant over a good number of years. Our value share, slightly lower, represents the area of opportunity as we have spoken about, because there are two big things going on in China. Number one is the premiumization of categories, led by some of the local brands that we have spoken about; and the second is a very big change in consumption patterns and shopping environment with the explosion of e-commerce in the country. Now, to respond to the premiumization of the category, as we have spoken about before, we have brought a premium price Naturals offering to the marketplace. We have done online initiatives like the Dare To Love toothpaste that did so well last year and will be repeated in 11/11 and 12/12 again this year. elmex, also moving online along with electric toothbrushes and a whitening -- in-home whitening offering for the country all at a premium price offering. But, as we told you in the second quarter, we have also taken meaningful pricing on over half of our business on both the Darlie brand and the Colgate brand. Given that with the premiumization of the category in addition to extending our portfolio into premium, we need to move our prices up from mid tier to the more premium tier. And in doing so, it impacted our volume. Now, were beginning to see that pricing move through in the direct trade where it is already impacting our consumption, which is up. But, it yet has to move through the indirect trade, which is complicated by the change in consumption patterns in the Company -- in the country as I mentioned to you earlier. And we are working down inventory to realize that change through the longtail distribution network over time. That is not going to be fixed immediately, but it should get better from here. Now, to come back to the areas we have been focusing on and the rest of our businesses. We do believe the areas that we have focused on are underpinning our consistent growth now in North America, notwithstanding some of the promotional pressures we have seen and you have seen on toothpaste in that country. Hills is rebounding nicely from the troubles we had in prior year. And indeed that growth is led by a strong U.S. business. Europe is continuing to grow quite nicely in a low growth environment. Africa/Eurasia now, having overcome our distributor problems, growing from multiple quarters, and India is seeing a slow volume and pricing, and our share performance beginning to improve behind the innovation and the advertising support. And we do believe that consistent focus on advertising and innovation is underpinning those performances and will continue into the future. We are, again, I repeat focused on pricing going forward. And we do see pricing improving, even though we have perhaps begun slightly ahead of our competitors, we see that continuing going forward. And again, as we announced at Barclays, and this will be a big impact for the world, we will have that relaunch of our scale Total business starting in the first quarter of 2019. So, those are the comments I wanted to make specific to Brazil and China, but also on the rest of our business. And Ill now turn it back to John.
John Faucher: Thanks, Ian. Our net sales declined 3% in Q3 as flat volume and 1% favorable pricing were offset by 4% negative impact from foreign exchange. Excluding the benefit from our recently acquired professional skincare businesses EltaMD and PCA Skin, volume was down 1.5%, driven by the issues in China and Brazil that Ian discussed. On a GAAP basis, our gross profit margin was down 100 basis points year-over-year. Excluding the impact of our Global Growth and Efficiency Program, it was down 120 basis points year-over-year. For the quarter, our 100 basis points of pricing provided a 50 basis-point benefit to gross margin. Raw material costs including the impact of foreign exchange transaction costs were 390 basis-point drag on gross margin year-over-year. Our productivity program, led by our funding-the-growth initiative, provided a 220 basis-point benefits to gross margin, while there was no impact from other in the quarter. On an absolute basis, advertising investment was down year-over-year in Q3, driven by foreign exchange. On a percentage to sales basis, advertising was up 10 basis points year-over-year. Despite the challenges we faced in certain markets, we continue to invest in advertising our brands to drive brand equity and to build awareness to drive trial for our innovation. Excluding charges resulting from the Global Growth and Efficiency Program, the remainder of our SG&A expenses were down year-over-year in Q3 on an absolute basis, but up as a percent of sales. Excluding the headwind from increased freight, logistics and warehousing costs, our overhead expenses were down in the quarter on an absolute basis and as a percent of sales as we continue to see benefits from a productivity program. On a GAAP basis, diluted earnings per share of $0.60 were down 12% year-over-year in Q3. Excluding charges resulting from our Global Growth and Efficiency Program and a provisional charge related to U.S. Tax Reform, diluted earnings per share were down 1% at $0.72 as we benefited from a lower tax rate. Now, Ill take a quick run through the divisions. Well start off with North America. Net sales in North America increased 8% in the quarter with our recent professional skincare acquisitions contributing 6%. The North America division posted its fourth straight quarter of organic sales growth with organic sales growth of 2% as we continue to see a nice combination of volume and pricing growth. We saw continued strength in unmeasured channels like e-commerce and club stores. Year-to-date, our market shares are flat or up in 8 of our 12 categories in the United States with strong gains in manual toothbrushes, liquid hand soap and cleaners. The toothpaste category in the United States continues to see high levels of promotion, particularly through electric couponing, although we have maintained market leadership. As Ian discussed last quarter, we have made adjustments to our promotional plans in reaction to what we are seeing in the marketplace. Latin America had a difficult Q3, driven by a combination of foreign exchange headwinds and category declines in Brazil. Latin American net sales declined 13% in the quarter as volume was down 6%, pricing was up 2.5% and foreign exchange was negative 9.5%. Our pricing improved in the quarter as we look to offset continued raw materials inflation, as well as the impact of transactional foreign exchange, given recent weakness in currencies like the Brazilian reals and the Argentinean peso. Outside of Argentina, we generally have not seen similar pricing moves from some of our competitors. We will remain disciplined and rational in regards to pricing as we expect inflation to accelerate going forward. We delivered both volume and pricing growth in Mexico in the third quarter. Although, we continue to see heightened levels of promotion in several categories, particularly bar soap, dish soap and toothpaste. Moving to Europe. Net sales in Europe were down 0.5% in Q3. Organic sales were up 0.5% with positive volume growth, partially offset by negative pricing. Foreign exchange was minus 1% for the quarter. The UK posted strong volume growth in the quarter, which led to market share gains in Q3. We are particularly pleased with the performance of our premium business in the UK as Colgate Total and Colgate Max White toothpaste continue to gain share. Our UK business should be further bolstered by the continued rollout of our Colgate Natural Extracts toothpaste line, including our latest offering of Charcoal plus White. Sanex continues to grow market share in the body wash category behind the Sanex Zero percent line as well as the Sanex physiologic line, which is bringing high-end premium priced pharma trends into the mass channel in what continues to be a difficult pricing environment in Europe. Moving to Asia Pacific. Net sales in Asia Pacific were down 7.5% in the quarter, driven by volume declines and foreign exchange pipelines. As been discussed, inventory reductions in China was a biggest contributor to the weak performance. We continue to be encouraged by the improvement in performance of our India business. We continue to deliver volume growth with positive pricing despite high levels of competitive activity. We are encouraged with the market share performance of our Swarna and Cibaca Vedshakti toothpaste lines. As we see further distribution gains and continue to invest in advertising, we expect our share in the Ayurvedic segment of the toothpaste category to continue to grow. We also launched a new herbal offering in Thailand this quarter, Colgate Naturals Panjaved, further expanding our portfolio in that country in the higher price Naturals segment. In Africa/Eurasia, positive pricing growth in Q3 was partially offset by slightly negative volume growth. Net sales in the Africa/Eurasia division decreased 6%, primarily due to a high-single-digit negative impact from foreign exchange, driven by weakness in the Russian ruble in Turkish lira. We took additional pricing in the quarter to help offset raw material inflation and foreign exchange transaction costs. We continue to be encouraged by the return to growth of our Sub-Saharan Africa business, which continues to improve following the distributor issues we dealt with in late 2016 and 2017. Year-to-date, our toothpaste share is flat or up in 13 of 18 markets. And we are particularly pleased with our share performance in Turkey where the Colgate brand is closing in on the market leader. And well finish up with Hills. Hills delivered 1.5% net sales growth in the quarter. Volume grew for the third straight quarter, driven by the United States, which also delivered strong pricing growth. We were further encouraged by a rebound to volume growth in emerging markets, despite some additional pricing we put in place over the past few quarters. The U.S. continues to be led by the Prescription Diet business which has seen share growth in the vet channel as well as online. Were also seeing share gains in the Science Diet business, with our market shares in pet specialty continuing to improve year-over-year. To help continue the improved momentum on time Science Diet, Hills was excited to sponsor NBCUniversals fourth Clear The Shelters program, which is designed to boost pet adoption. This year has been the most successful ever with over 1,200 shelters participating and more than 100,000 pets adopted. We also grew share gains with our Hills Bioactive Recipe dog food, which uses Hills knowledge of dogs biology and genes respond to select ingredients so that dogs can get the most out of their food. Now, I will turn to our outlook for the balance of 2018. As stated in our press release, based on current spot rates, we expect net sales for the fourth quarter to be down low single digits due to foreign exchange with low single digit organic sales growth. We expect the additional pricing taken during the third quarter to flow through, and we expect less of an impact from destocking in the fourth quarter. Based on current spot rates, for the full year, we expect gross margin to be down year-over-year on both the GAAP basis and excluding the impact of our Global Growth and Efficiency Program. The continued increase in raw material costs including the impact of transactional foreign exchange will continue to pressure gross margin. We now expect that advertising will be flat on both an absolute basis and as a percentage of sales for the full-year versus 2017. This change is due to some of the macro headwinds in markets like Argentina as well as some divisional mix issues. However, the media portion of advertising is projected up on an absolute basis for the full-year versus 2017 as we continue to invest behind our brand. And within that, spending continues to shift from non-working media to working media, as we drive efficiencies within our marketing budget.  On a GAAP basis, we still expect our tax rate to be between 26% and 27%. Excluding the impact from our Global Growth and Efficiency Program, charges related to U.S. Tax Reform and the benefits from a foreign tax matter in 2018, we now expect our tax rate to be around 25% for the full year. Based on current spot rates, we expect GAAP earnings per share to be up double digit for the year. Excluding charges related to the Global Growth and Efficiency Program, charges related to U.S. Tax Reform and the benefit from a foreign tax matter in 2018, we now expect earnings per share growth to be 3% to 4% for the year. And with that, well open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator instructions] And our first question is from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Dara Mohsenian: Hey. Good morning. So, Ian, as you mentioned in you remarks, you talked to us previously about the plan to drive improving top-line growth in terms of innovation, ad spend, e-commerce focus et cetera. And specifics of Brazil, China weakness were helpful this quarter. But, it feels like execution was, the changes you guys have made havent sort of been enough in light of this changing landscape. So, Id love to hear sort of going forward from today how you manage the business differently. And, Im focused on two areas. A, execution wise, are there things you could do differently going forward to sort of stay ahead of the competition in this changing channel landscape more than you had previously? And B, do you think you might need at some point to reinvest significantly behind some of these areas and increase the level of spend to get the payback you desire from a top-line standpoint? Thanks. 
Ian Cook: Yes. Thanks for the question, Dara. I think in terms of the way we are advancing the business, we think were focused on the right things. Innovation is clearly a way to reach todays consumers and tomorrows consumers. And I think we have lots of examples of innovation that is connecting with those consumers. Interestingly, if we look at our market share data and household panel data we have, we see that our market shares with millennials are the same as our general market shares. In some geographies actually, they are higher and growing. So, we think innovation is a big part of what we need going forward. And we have stepped into now changing the shape of our portfolio as part of that innovation. And that may be the transfer of a global brand to a new geography or a new retail channel, as we have described or indeed the development of a local brand, either in response to a competitor, like Vedshakti in India now transferred under a name pronounced so well by John into Thailand. And I think that will continue. And weve also experimented as we talked about the last time with a lot of new leading edge innovation, which will find its place in the world one day. We think advertising is an important piece of it. And we do believe in those geographies where we are now seeing a consistent rebound and correction from issues we faced earlier that it is the combination of the advertising and the innovation and indeed our go-to-market execution in the case of Hills with e-commerce. So, that is making the difference and that is sustainable going forward. And finally, I would say, in changing the shape of the portfolio, think about the addition of PCA and Elta to our Personal Care offerings, much more in the skin health area, much more linking to the recommendation model that we know so well from our oral and pet nutrition businesses. So, we think we have quite an array of freshness in what we are bringing to the consumer and are focused on the right areas in terms of where those consumers are making their purchasing decisions. And that will continue. And again, I would like to stress the journey undertaken to get to the relaunch of Total next year, which will be a big shift in a core business in our overall portfolio. As regards for significant reinvestment, I think, given our commitment and our mindset towards growth, we certainly when we will give you our guidance on 2019, will reflect the stance that we have taken. But, I must say, our portfolio of activity coming into 2019, only of which Total is public right now is quite rich. And we will certainly invest at a level that we deem appropriate to drive the top-line of the Company, while making sure that we are taking the pricing and achieving the value necessary with the premiumization of our innovation to continue to build margin and offset commodity costs that we have certainly seen this year. So, simple summary, Dara, I would say, we will do what is right to continue our focus on recovering growth momentum in next year.
Operator: Our next question is from Olivia Tong with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Olivia Tong: Thanks. I just want to get a better understanding of why you expect organic sales to get better in Q4? First, is it coming more from developed or emerging markets? Because the developed markets comp, it does get a fair bit more difficult. But, Im also not entirely sure whats going to drive emerging markets better because broader expectations for China to slow down, so the retailer really destocking are actually managing to a new lower level. And in Brazil, you had mentioned the market volatility and that seems unlikely to abate as well. So, while youre spending more, it doesnt seem to have really driven much volume at this point, at least for this course. So, just if you elaborate on Q4 that would be great. Thank you.
Ian Cook: Thanks, Olivia. Lot of questions there. Now, of course, when you take pricing, depending on the competitive context, you often see volatility in volume. We have experienced that before. And I guess, the point we are articulating is that given the inflationary pressures, pricing will be necessary and we will continue to focus on that going forward. As to the fourth quarter, I mean John commented on it. We do expect to see less destocking, whether that is a China or Brazil. And that will of course be a factor. We do expect our developed market performance to continue, given we think the benefit of the innovation and the advertising driving that. And we see that continuing in the fourth quarter. So, I guess, in simple terms, it is improvement from where we are in the emerging and a continuation of the developed. In China specifically, we do believe its destocking, not putting inventory to a new level. The category is still growing mid single digits in China. And although e-commerce generally, as other have said, has slowed in its compounding rate of growth as etailers take less inventory at the front end, it still continues to be a very high contributor to growth in China and other geographies.
Operator: Our next question is from Ali Dibadj with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Ali Dibadj: Hey, guys. So, two questions. The first one is easy. And Im just wondering what Argentina pricing contributed to you, its about 2% of sales I think; inflation, weve heard 30% to 50%. So, is that the right number to think about? Thats the numbers to think about? It feels like theres this kind of brewing Venezuela helping artificially your organic pricing a little bit. So, just want to kind of put that one to rest a little bit? And then, more broadly [technical difficulty]
Ian Cook: Ali, you disappeared.
Ali Dibadj: Hello. Can you hear me?
Ian Cook: You came back. You got to the second -- yes, I didnt hear anything on the second. So, start the second again.
Ali Dibadj: Okay. Thank you. Thank you for that. So, the second one is, very helpful commentary at the outset, Ian, about externalities and clearly some really tough ones around packaging costs and transportation costs, FX, destocking all the sort of stuff. And I agree with that that, some of your peers as well. But I am still struggling to find, accepting all those externalities, is there anything you know Colgate didnt do right? Is there anything, as you look introspectively that you said gosh, we just didnt do this right? Are there mistakes? Because the environment is tough, it is tough for everybody, and were seeing market share losses still for you and a lot of things that are kind of different than some of your peers. So, I am trying to understand, as you look at yourself, what did you do wrong? Thank you. I hope you heard those.
Ian Cook: Yes, I did. I heard them very clearly. Thank you. So, Argentina, Argentina is not another Venezuela brewing. In Venezuela, as you well know Ali, you had an official exchange rate that was not the operating exchange rate. Argentina is a dollarized economy, and the exchange rate is the exchange rate and it will and is fixing itself. So, your stats are also wrong. Argentina last year was about 1% of our sales; those were the good old days. And the Argentina of today is more than half smaller than it was this time last year and is around 0.5% of our sales. So, basically, ex Argentina -- the Argentina contribution overall to our organic growth rounds to zero. But, I think the bigger answer to the question is, there is no issue brewing in Argentina. The exchange will take care of itself. Secondly, thank you for the constructive nature of the second question and -- I mean in terms of recognizing some of the issues that indeed one does face. But if you singularly say, what would we be self-critical of, the answer would be not moving as quickly on premiumization as we would want to. And we are now, as you know, fully engaged in that. But that requires, as I described for China, a bold move beyond simply changing the portfolio to move the pricing of our core businesses, and that brings with it some challenges, which we will work through. But, that focus now on premiumization is very well understood and being acted upon with good urgency across businesses and across geographies. And as we said, at Barclays, when we come with the Total relaunch, that is a terrific new technology, which brings additional benefits to the consumer and is a rich opportunity to deliver value and create value going forward. So, I think thats the way I would respond, Ali. 
Operator: Our next question is from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Lauren Lieberman: Just reflecting on the fact that I think its been around six years since you introduced Global Growth and Efficiency Program. And that -- one thing that I thought about that program was sort of expanding your productivity efforts pretty demonstrably beyond gross margin and into more SG&A. And so, over these ensuing six years, I know theres been macro dynamics, but top-line growth has also slowed, even as you were embarking on this broader productivity path. So, just thinking back on some of the savings that youve been able to generate, the areas that you focused on. Are there things that maybe efficiencies had the wrong outcome, like maybe hubbing was detrimental in some way? Im just wondering in that, if its purely coincidental, or as you look back at some of the areas where youve tapped into savings over the last 5 or 6 years, if theres been sort of unintended repercussions from a growth standpoint? Thanks.
Ian Cook: Thanks Lauren for the questions. When we started on this journey, we were in typical Colgate fashion, a little bit conservative. The two drivers that set us on the journey. One was having the SAP enterprise-wide system that linked us across the world, which centers down the path of pushing more the administrative back office services in locations to service multiple geographies, because everybody would be connected by the same technology therefore have the visibility, and that would allow us to be cheaper and more efficient at the same time. And those moves, theyre never without their challenges in the implementation of them. But, we dont have any we believe structural difficulties with them once theyre in place. And indeed what starts to happen is you see your way to bringing more services to those centers around the world. So, while we were cautious stepping into it, and we have built it up over the life of the plan, we think that was a correct decision, a good decision and one that is accruing benefit today and will too, for the future. Now, hubbing, we were particularly sensitive to. Because of course, and this may be the implication of the question, we are really focused on winning on the ground as a company, and that requires agility and focus and capability on the ground. And we -- and the way we do our financials and the way we incentivize people, we have been very, very careful to maintain both the passion and the economics in terms of compensation, focused against that winning on the ground. And when we started the hubbing, we did it with -- I think it was over a decade worth of experience in a couple of geographies, Nordic and Central America that we were building out from, where we had learned the pluses and the minuses. And what hubbing essentially allows you to do is yes, become more efficient, but it also allows you to have higher quality and higher cost talent on the strategic issues governing now multiple countries, while at the same time having adequate resources on the ground to manage what is managed on the ground, which is customers and consumers and brand building. And indeed, in some geographies, we have increased the resources we have on the ground to make sure we keep that contact with customers and consumers. So, I think from its inception, the thinking was sound, based on historical experience and learning. And of course, we have learned our way over the years, the program has been evolving, to make sure we executed a quite well. So, we think on both levels, this has been an appropriate and a wise choice for the Company.
Operator: Our next question is from Andrea Teixeira with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Andrea Teixeira: Thank you, and good morning. So, I wanted to go back to the competitive environment, so in particular in the U.S. and Europe. So, for the U.S., what are you seeing across competitors in terms of couponing for oral care, specifically some of your and other major categories in oral care? And for Europe, are you finally cycling some of this -- a couple -- several quarters of pricing, negative pricing. So, do you believe you can finally take some pricing now to hopefully flat and pricing into 2019 or do you believe consumers are still price sensitive there? Thank you.
Ian Cook: Well, thanks for the questions, Andrea. I think weve been quite clear over the last couple of calls that we have seen elevated promotional activity, specifically in the United States. And as John commented this morning, with electronic couponing, as before, we have adjusted our plans for the balance of the year to be more competitive in that space. We obviously will be very attentive to what unfolds in the marketplace, going forward, as everybody I think now faces the commodity cost pressures that require some prudence in terms of pricing whether price increases or lower promotional activity. So, we havent seen any change yet but we will be attentive.  From the European point of view, Europe has always been quite a challenged environment from a pricing point of view, and that has continued for several years. It is not a new phenomenon in Europe. And some of that has led to tensions with customers over the years. And we believe now we have our European business well-positioned in that European context. And as you intimate, obviously, our pricing negative was improving in the third quarter. And clearly, we will be very attentive to try and make sure, we can continue that trend as we go forward.
Operator: Our next question is from Bonnie Herzog with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead
Bonnie Herzog: I had a question on growth. You described this morning the slow category growth and youve mentioned this on the past few calls. But, I guess Id like to understand, if category growth has in fact been getting worse. Have you noticed any change in the rate of growth versus Q2 or even 1H? And then, given the slow category growth, have you seen any change in the competitive environment in either the U.S. or emerging markets? And just like to hear if the promotional environment is rationale. Thanks.
Ian Cook: Thanks, Bonnie. If we look at our categories generally, I think one would say, if you take a global snapshot, Europe is flat to modestly up. The U.S. is probably between 2 and 3, if you include all channels. That is certainly an improvement from recent history. Latin America is choppy, given the economic volatility there. And as we discussed earlier in Brazil in particular, there has been, as the years has unfolded, a definite slowdown in categories, both value and volume, moving to negative in the third quarter as we said. And in the Africa/Eurasia and Asia parts of the world, I think that mid-single-digit you 4% to 6% category growth continues to be the case. I will say that -- and John talked about it this morning, that in Latin America, we have seen pockets of elevated promotional activity. I intimated to it when I talked about pricing that some competitors take advantage of a leader pricing to perhaps grab a little bit of volume in the short term. But, I think our assessment that inflation will is and will continue to come back; and secondly, the underlying foreign exchange and commodity cost pressures will demand that competitors and particularly the Latin geographies will need to take pricing to offset those headwinds, and that would be our thinking going forward.
Operator: Our next question is from Wendy Nicholson with Citi. Please go ahead.
Wendy Nicholson: Hi. Two questions. So much of your commentary, Ian, is kind of whats wrong in the marketplace, whats changing with consumers et cetera, et cetera, and how difficult the external environment is. But Im just shocked by your market share performance. I mean, the number that you give, its your own data for the oral care category, its just so bad. And I just dont remember time its ever been so bad. I mean year-to-date, last year this time, it was 43.5 in toothpaste; now, its 41.9. I just dont understand why maybe that isnt more alarming to you because that doesnt strike me as it is an external issue. It seems to me very much this is an internal issue. So, Im surprised you are more kind of grabbing the bulls by the horns and saying holy crap, excuse me, holy moly, our market shares stink. So, thats question number one. And then, question number two is, I mean I listened to the webcast when you were at Barclays and I thought you pretty clearly said you had your arms around the issues in Brazil, you had your arms around the issues in China. I thought you sounded pretty upbeat. And so, I guess my question is, did I misunderstand that, were you telegraphing that the third quarter was going to be a big miss to consensus expectations or did this come as a surprise to you at the end of the quarter? Thats it. Thanks.
Ian Cook: Okay. Yes. Well, I guess, Im not surprised youre shocked. Im surprised, youre surprised by my reaction. Let me come back to the market shares. The share you see there on a roll-up basis, the 41.9, on a year-on-year basis is down something like 130 basis points. The challenge with that Wendy, and its been a challenge for, frankly, over the last five years is that there is an enormous foreign exchange component in that. And as the U.S. dollar strengthens, our extremely strong, for example, Latin American market shares become down-weighted, as part of that mix. So, there is a foreign exchange mix effect and indeed year-on-year our market share is in fact down less than half of that 1.3. Secondly, our volume share is down again, less than half our volume share decline is about 0.3 on a comparable year-to-date basis. And indeed, from a volume point of view, 1 in 2 toothpaste tubes sold are under Colgate ownership around the world. Now that said, are we happy with any share deterioration? Answer, no, we are not. But, we have said a few things. Number one, that in some parts of the world, I think Mexico, we quoted up one-time earlier this year, when promotional activity, the point is being cash margin dilutive, we will not match. And when you dont match, you lose market share. The same in the United States. And in Asia, it was a different matter. In Asia, it was local brands that we have had to meet. And recovering against those local brands is taking sometime. But, we are encouraged by the progress in India. And if I look at some of our major markets now around the world as the year unfolds, John mentioned the UK back to positive share; we are seeing positive share progression in Russia. Were seeing recent shares up in Mexico. Because now the innovation that we are bringing, the consistent support of the advertising, frankly having to match some of the promotions to a certain extent are seeing us build back shares where we have been under share pressure. We are absolutely focused on that. And I dont know what else to say other than I take the point, we understand the point, we are all over the point country-by-country, tracking it literally month-by-month and much to the pleasure o some week-by-week, depending on the geography. And we think again that the relaunch of Total at the beginning of next year and all of the oral care activity, we have behind that is another step in maintaining that focus. So, I will promise to be more excitable when I talk about market share in the future. As for Boston, yes, you didnt hear right. And, maybe one needs to be a lot more emphatic in the delivery, but we were quite clear we thought in signaling. It was on the slides that foreign exchange was going to be a big headwind and that commodities were indeed ramping up aggressively, obviously influenced by the foreign exchange impact of transaction costs. So, my answer to your second part of the question is I guess Im surprised, you missed that.
Operator: Our next question is from Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jason English: Hey. Good morning, folks. Im going to stay on the topic of market share, bring it -- zooming in a little bit more myopic in just one region. I think, you upfront for the discourse and discussion on whats going on in Brazil, whats going on in China? Europe was a bit of a surprise to me this quarter. I know that the headline numbers look fine but Brazil headline numbers looked fine earlier this year too, and we saw how it eroded fairly quickly. In your 10-Quarter, youve highlighted Europe as a source of market share strength with gains throughout the first half of the year. Now, the year-to-date trajectory has stated to flat, suggesting youve actually flipped into some market share donation in the third quarter. Can you delve into the little bit more and tell us? Clearly UK has pocket of strength; where are these pockets of weakness that have begun to weigh in your market share there?
Ian Cook: Its a simple answer, Jason. Its predominantly Germany. And again, without going into too much detail, it is customer related. And again, if I were going to focus on the period shares, the most recent period is beginning to return. Its as simple as that.
Operator: Our next question is from Caroline Levy Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Caroline Levy: Thank you. And still good morning. Just a question on the cost side. I think that you mentioned that you expect similar cost pressures in the fourth quarter. Can you just talk a little bit about any hedging strategies you have on costs, particularly in emerging markets? Which particular items are the issue? Is it PET or is it -- not PET but oil related, is it transports? Just a little more detail as to how long do you think this could go on?
Ian Cook: Yes. Thanks Caroline. For the third quarter, the commodity costs were up just over 8% and our logistics costs were up just over 5%. And yes, you heard correctly, we expect that to continue. And frankly, foreign exchange could be more negative for the balance of the year and that would see transaction pressure on costs as well. So, we do expect the cost pressure for the balance of this year to continue. Yes. There is of course the effect of those materials that start life as oil. And we are seeing that as others are. Hedging, we tend to be light on hedging. Many of the raw materials we buy in categories where you can hedge, and we do hedge our Hills business, materials against the formula on a rotational basis. But for most of the rest, we rely on our ability to price when we need to as the only logical and available offset to cost pressures.
Operator: Our next question is from Stephen Powers with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Stephen Powers: Hey, thanks. So, I guess, maybe trying to tie a number of things that are running through my head together. I guess, last quarter, we talked a lot about the sense of urgency thats been underpinning the recent initiatives. I think you did a good job at the time communicating that sense of urgency and distinguishing it from panic because that was the word you used. But at the same time, I think were now at least eight quarters into what has seemingly been a pattern of organic growth and gross margin pressures. So, I guess, the question is, if we strip away the macro challenges, which I acknowledge are severe, but is the message underneath at all that from here, you think Colgate needs to be more urgent, or is there a risk that recent urgency whether its the push into e-commerce, the catch-up on premiumization et cetera. Could actually be compounding your problems? And I guess, if its not compounding your problems, is there anything incremental in your power to truly fast-track improvement, acknowledging the total relaunch et cetera. But, is there anything significant in your power or is it more just the question of basic block and tackling over time, hopefully with a bit of macro relief? Thanks.
Ian Cook: Wow, thats a very deep and philosophical question, Steve. It is -- one has to be careful about the language one uses, I think. I can remember and I have mentioned this before, there was a time when we were under pressure in a particular geography. I wont go into the specific details, but our first reaction was, were not panicking, were staying calm, and the market read that as youre not taking it seriously. And the next time one responded, one said boy, were really focused on this and were going to meet on the beaches. And the market reaction was well now youre panicking, does that mean we should be worried about something else? So, I think my answer, Steve would be, and again this combination of innovation and advertising, which is the heart of building brands and capabilities and going where the consumers are shopping to make those brands and that portfolio available to them is where we need to be focused. And we need to do everything in our power, and we truly are to accelerate the return we get from that focus. And Im afraid, sometimes its not as quick as people would want; its not as quick as we would want sometimes. But, I do think in the end, building the brand, so sustainable fix is the right way to go about it. And if we find ways of expanding our portfolio as we did with PCA and Elta that is on strategy, we clearly will bring that to bear. So, I would say a heck of a lot of internal urgency but linked to that urgency is focus, focus on what we believe to be the right things category-by-category, geography-by-geography, store-by-store, etailer-by-etailer. And again, I think the total relunch in the first quarter of next year is a very important part of our oral care business, will be a meaningful step under our control developed over many years to advance that business and with it, the company.
Operator: Our next question is from Kevin Grundy with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Kevin Grundy: Question, Ian, I wanted to pivot to the U.S. pricing environment. Proctor said, theyre much more optimistic on its ability to take price. And at high level, Proctor indicated U.S. retailers are now more receptive to pricing across categories. And that certainly wasnt the narrative among investors earlier in the year. Theres a lot of uncertainty, which called into question brand strength and economic, most of these businesses, et cetera. And Proctor also indicated plan to take price in oral care. So, the first part, can you comment on how you see the pricing environment shaping up across categories? Do you share Proctors view that there is a much broader receptivity to pricing, it did not exist even a quarter or two ago, do you plan to follow Proctors pricing in oral care? Maybe talk a little bit about opportunities take pricing elsewhere. Is it more conducive now as it seems to be? And then, lastly, I dont expect you to guide, Ian, but margins down in North America 200 basis points year-to-date or something close to it. Should we expect to see margins improve looking out the next year in North America? So, thanks for all that.
Ian Cook: Thanks very much, Kevin. I guess, as far as one can responsibly go on a call like this, which is a public call, I think a fair way to answer it is, I think it is fair to say that everybody in the industry understands that there are cost pressures. And all players in the industry are going to have to find ways that are consistent with their strategy and their relationships with their retail partners to do that. And that can be a combination of a lot of things from efficiency, to revised promotional calendars, to premium innovation, to different promotional activity. And yes, indeed, to a price increase. And we obviously partner very closely with our key retailers here in United States. And we are very attentive in working with them to bring value to consumers that they see and they think its good value to pay for. And thats what drives our thinking in this space including the total relaunch coming next year. And I think we were one of the ones earlier than many, saying this commodity cost trend was real and the industry would need to be responsive. So, you can rest assured we will be both attentive and responsive.
Operator: Our next question is from Bill Chappell of SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Bill Chappell: Two hopefully quick ones. One on China. The destock seems pretty identical to what happened last year. So, Im just trying to understand, is this kind of the way you see it going forward with e-commerce growing that were going to have kind of a one destock per year, thats going to affect a given quarter. And then, the second, on Total, on the relaunch. Should we be thinking -- I know youre not giving guidance, but thinking about kind of a frontend loaded and a stepped up marketing and advertising spend behind that, or is that fairly kind of normal within the kind of normal plans in terms of the launch?
Ian Cook: I think on China, a good question, Bill. No, I dont think were talking about a once a year destock in China. I think, the emergence of online created turbulence and destocking and has now complicated the distribution channels in China, particularly the indirect distribution channels. Because candidly, some of the online players now have distribution systems themselves. So, retailers in the chain can buy from four or five different sources, which is very different than when the e-commerce phenomenon began in China last year. So, its a different impact now, really driven by us taking pricing now into a more complicated distribution structure and needing the pricing to equivalize and work its way through the system before we can get the new pricing on shelf with indirect customers. So, thats a very different reason for the destocking. And as I said, this one is going to take a little bit of time in that indirect trade. But we expect it to get better from here. And when we talked about Total being the first quarter of next year, the way we signaled it at Barclays, Bill, was that the global rollout of this activity would begin in the first quarter of next year. So, that doesnt say that all of the activity is happening in the first quarter. But yes, of course, when we do bring such an important initiative with such technology and greater value, we will be investing very diligently to make sure all stakeholders are aware of and get a chance to try the product.
Operator: And our final question comes from Mark Astrachan with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Mark Astrachan: Yes. Good afternoon. Thanks for squeezing me in. Im going to try to ask the appropriate level of spend question in a different way. So, if we fast forward to 2019, I know you are not going to comment on sales guidance, but unless you say business accelerate towards even the low end of long-term target next year and if you extrapolate to your trends, perhaps thats where you end up. So, if you get there, given the period share loss you had or issues had in certain key markets, how would you think about the appropriate level of spend? I mean, what does that mean to you? Are you more likely to want to protect the share that youve started to see improvement upon? Are you likely to think about things in a different way from an overall advertising spend. So, not necessarily that you need to rebase to get back to growth. But, lets just say, you do get back to growth, how do you feel about protecting that relative to where youve come from?
Ian Cook: Yes. Very good question, Mark. Look, we think about it, and what weve been trying to telegraph is that advertising builds brands over time. And so, our thinking from a growth point of view is to continue to support our equities and the core and base businesses behind those equities, and of course, build the awareness to generate trial of innovation. So, we will be deploying advertising, our thinking, we havent yet begun our budgeting process to what we can measure and regard as effective levels to do the job of maintaining the strength of the underlying equity and building awareness and trial for new products, including the shift to digital and not forgetting commitment to the consumption building programs that we have in the emerging markets, which deliver benefit over a longer period of time. So thats the way we tend to think about it. And I would venture to say, as we work our way through our budgeting process that will be the way we will think about it for 2019. So, thanks everybody for your questions. And I wish a good rest of the day. And we look forward to catching up with you the early part of next year.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays call. And we thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-27 11:00:00) =====
Executives: John Faucher - SVP, IR Ian Cook - Chairman, CEO & President
Analysts: Dara Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley Ali Dibadj - Bernstein Stephen Powers - Deutsche Bank Nik Modi - RBC Capital Markets Jason English - Goldman Sachs Andrea Teixeira - JPMorgan Bonnie Herzog - Wells Fargo Kevin Grundy - Jefferies Olivia Tong - Bank of America Lauren Lieberman - Barclays
Operator: Good day and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgatepalmolive.com. Now for opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to the Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, John Faucher. Please go ahead, John.
John Faucher: Thanks. Good morning, and welcome to our second quarter earnings release conference call. This is John Faucher, Senior Vice President for Investor Relations. Joining me this morning are, Ian Cook, Chairman, President and CEO; Henning Jakobsen Chief Financial Officer. Today's conference call will include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from these statements. Please refer to the earnings press release and our most recent filings with the SEC, including our 2017 Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings, all available on Colgate's website, for a discussion of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these statements. This conference call will also include a discussion of non-GAAP financial measures, including those identified in Tables 8 and 9 of the earnings press release. A full reconciliation to the corresponding GAAP financial measures is included in the earnings press release and is available on Colgate's website.
Ian Cook: Thanks, John. Good morning, everybody.  As you read in our press release earlier on, for us the second quarter was indeed a challenging environment. As you know, rising commodity costs and volatile exchange rates put pressure on our P&L. And we are sometimes questioned if we're responding with an appropriate sense of urgency.  I will say that our plans and programs for the balance of this year and 2019 all will develop with urgency in mind. As a company, we focused on being smarter and faster in everything we do and working to build agility throughout the company and of course with our partners to deliver results. Today, I'll focus on three areas that I think exemplify the steps we are taking and then I will close with some specific comments about pricing. The first area of focus is making sure we are connecting with consumers in traditional advertising vehicles and increasingly digital vehicles with engagement materials that are compelling and pervasive. And also making sure that our products are available for folk to purchase wherever they may shop. And as you all know; the retail landscape is changing dramatically, and we have made and continue to make changes to address that. In our traditional channels, we've expanded our focus on formats where we feel we have incremental opportunities for growth, like this counters and pharmacy. We've also been aggressive in gaining access to new avenues of distribution to expand the availability of our products.  Not surprisingly, a primary area of focus is e-commerce which while only mid-single digit percentage of our overall sales is a key growth driver and particularly important for some key businesses. For example, in the past year, we've seen increased e-commerce availability for our Hill's Prescription Diet brand, which has enabled us to gain market share in the therapeutic segment while still ensuring that we maintained a strong relationship with the veterinary community. Through learning from EltaMD, we are expanding cross-border distribution into China for Colgate-Palmolive brands from other geographies all through e-commerce.  And this provides us another platform to build out at e-commerce business in this crucial market on top of that B2B and B2C platforms. This channel flexibility is an especially important tool in our efforts to preimmunize our portfolio in China and grow market share. As most of you know, we also recently took an equity stake in the direct-to-consumer company Hubble. Our collaboration with Hubble provides expertise in the digital channel and the platform for us to launch several incremental direct-to-consumer offerings, providing us with the ability to enter new segments. We launched our connected toothbrush in Apple stores in the U.S. earlier this year. And this month, we are launching in Apple stores across Europe. And while were just beginning this journey, a journey that Hubble will also be able to help us with, we think connected health is a significant long-term opportunity for us in this digital world as we look to integrate consumer behavior, the profession and other interested parties to improve health outcomes across the world, and youll be hearing more from us on connected health in the future. And finally, our recent acquisitions of EltaMD and PCA also give us and entre into thousands of spas, dermatologists and aestheticians across the U.S. with the potential for further product and geographic platform and a base on which to continue to build our ambitions in skin health. The second area I want to discuss is about providing consumers with what they want to buy as we focus on their changing tastes and of course that speaks to accelerating innovation across our portfolio. And we have a broad strong array of planned innovation out of the balance of this year and next. Let me talk today about one of our key innovation initiatives, Naturals, especially, but not only in toothpaste. Rest assured, we will be back to you on other important innovations when we are ready to make them public.  On Naturals, we are making progress in our rollout across the world. Were now in 44 markets with the Naturals offering. And we expect to launch in an additional 32 markets by the end of the year. In toothpaste, weve launched Naturals in every hub in Asia and broadly across Europe. We will launch in Latin America and Africa Eurasia through the balance of the year. Importantly, these products sell at a meaningful premium in almost every market which will help deliver positive mix. Market shares are growing and repeat rates are strong, giving us the confidence to invest in generating more trial in the future. Importantly, through our consumer innovation centers, which are based in the markets they serve, were able to customize these products for local tastes. While Naturals is a global trend, each market has its own interpretation whether its ingredient-based like Swarna Vedshakti in India or more of a specialized Naturals product like our Toms of Maine in the U.S. and Canada. And Naturals is not just about oral care, in personal care, were seeing significant success in the free form sub-segment with Sanex Zero and Palmolive Nutritionist [ph] is a line of natural products across our personal care categories in Mexico and Brazil that is being rolled out across the rest of Latin America. And even in Pet Nutrition, weve just launched our new Hills Bioactive Recipe line, which is seeing a very strong response from some of our pet specialty partners in the U.S. In Oral Care, were also very focused on competing more effectively in the Premium Therapeutic segment of the category and have recently launched the elmex brand in two entirely new markets with the full line of products. This marks the first geographic expansion of this brand outside Europe.  As I mentioned at the Bernstein conference, elmex has been launched as an e-commerce exclusive brand in China. And as we mentioned at the Deutsche Bank conference, we have also launched elmex into pharmacies in Brazil. The third area of urgency, I will touch on briefly, is one I think, you know well, the streamlining of our structure and building new capabilities. We talked about the benefits of having before and we continue to utilize our health structure, the raw innovation out more quickly across the divisions while adjusting our cost structure accordingly.  And we have also realigned our entire supply chain structure and streamline processes like our work approval and the creation of SKUs.  Colgate business service centers, as you know, we have three serving the world while fully deployed are still rather new and we continue to believe there are future opportunities to build further capability while lowering costs, even more.  Speaking with capabilities, we are rapidly building our revenue growth management tool, which will help us better partner with the trade to increase our average selling price with less reliance on pricing only coming from commodities and foreign exchange.  Finally, as I said, Id like to talk from the subject of pricing this year, which is obviously a challenging area for our company and our industry right now.  As you can tell by our gross margins performance and by the performance of many of our peer companies, raw material inflation is putting pressure on gross margins, accounting for a 320-basis point headwind to our gross margin in the second quarter of this year.  It's important for us to offset this pressure with productivity and pricing as we do not want to reduce our brand support to offset these headwinds.  Taking pricing as we know in the first half has been in the phase of a challenging, competitive promotion environment in many markets and works for, in several of the emerging markets low inflation.  Obviously, the news in commodity pricing and foreign exchange will drive that underlying inflation. So, as we move into the second half, we have already put pricing in place in many markets around the world, particularly in emerging markets. But also, in some developed markets and at Hill's.  Given the current promotional activity, we may not see competitors follow immediately and we may intent to remain rational. But, we also understand the need to protect our market shares.  At this point, we're only expecting a modest sequential improvement in our pricing for the second half of the year, but along with our productivity programs which have started strongly, we believe this will allow us to improve our gross margin performance over the balance of the year.  So, while the environment remains challenging, were working with focus adjacently and real urgency to improve our results, consistent with our long-term strategies. We will continue to invest behind our brands, deliver consumer led innovation with compelling communication material and drive productivity up and down in the income statement.  And now, Ill turn it back to John.
John Faucher: Thanks, Ian.  We delivered net sales at 1.5% in Q2. Volume grew 1.5% including the negative 50 basis point impact versus our plans from the Brazilian trucker track. Our recently acquired professional skin care businesses, EltaMD and PCA skin contributed 100 basis points to volume growth.  Pricing was flat year-over-year, as we found little incremental pricing in our categories and higher levels of promotions. The recent strengthening of the dollar negatively impacts our net sales and profits. And the result to one exchange which had been a positive impact for several quarters was neutral to net sales growth this quarter.  At current spot rates, we expect foreign exchange to be a headwind to net sales growth in second half of the year.  On a GAAP basis, our gross profit margin was down 90 basis points year-over-year. Within the impact of our global growth and efficiency program, it was down 140 basis points year-over-year. Our strong productivity savings led by our funding the growth initiatives were unable to completely offset the higher raw material cost Ian mentioned.  On an absolute basis, advertisement investment was up slightly year-over-year in Q2. On a percentage of sales basis, advertising was even with Q1 and with the year ago period. Excluding the impact of our global growth and efficiency program, the remainder of SG&A expense was down slightly year-over-year in Q2, absolutely and of the percentage of the sales. As an increase in freight and logistics was more than offset by a reduction in overhead expenses. We estimate that for the balance of the year, the impact from higher freight and logistics costs will be similar to the impact we saw in Q2. On a GAAP basis, diluted earnings per share of $0.73, were up 24% year-over-year in Q2. Excluding the impact of our global growth and efficiency program, and the benefit from a foreign tax matter, diluted earnings per share were up 7% at $0.77. We estimate that the Brazilian trucker strike had a $0.01 negative impact on our earnings per share, versus our expectation at the time of the first quarter conference call, movements in foreign currency on a translational basis reduced our earnings per share in the second quarter by $0.02. Now, well go to North America. Net sales in North America increased 8% in the quarter, with our recent professional skin care acquisition is contributing 5.5%. The North America division closer to third great quarter of organic sales growth with organic sales growth of 2% driven by a combination of volume and pricing growth. In the United States, our positive pricing was driven by our oral care business, led by toothpaste and manual tooth brushes. Our market shares are flat or up in 8 of our 12 categories in the United States with strong gains in manual tooth brushes, liquid hand soap and cleaners. In Q2 we continue maintaining leadership in the market, although our share is down year-over-year as we have seen aggressive couponing in the category. Latin America had a difficult Q2 as we saw a negative impact from the Brazilian trucker strike and weakness in Latin American currency versus the U.S. dollar in the quarter. Latin America net sales declined 7% in the quarter as volumes down 1%, pricing is down 0.5% and foreign exchange was negative 5.5%. We estimate that excluding the impact of the Brazilian trucker strike our volume would have been up low single digit to the division. As we discussed at an investor conference in June, our market share performance in Latin America remains very strong. Year-to-date our value shares are up in six of nine categories in Latin America including all three oral care categories. In Brazil, our shares are up year-to-date in five of six categories including the 70 basis points increase in toothpaste market share driven by Colgate Total visible health. Our market share performance was more mixed in Mexico, where we continue to see higher levels of promotional activity particularly in toothpaste, bar soap and dish soap. The key issue in Latin America remains the lower levels of inflation in our categories, we are optimistic that the combination of raw material inflation in recent weakness in Latin American currencies versus the dollar should lead to a more favorable pricing environment. Moving to Europe, net sales in Europe grew 6% in Q2 while organic sales declined 1%. Volume growth of 2.5% was offset by slightly negative 3.5%. Our oral care market shares continue to improve in Europe with our toothpaste share up year-to-date in the division particularly in France where our market share continues to rebound. Moving to Asia Pacific, net sales in Asia Pacific were up 1.5% in the quarter with foreign exchange driving the growth as organic sales were flat. Oral care organic sales were positive offset by a decline in personal care. Asia Pacific pricing improves sequentially and was up year-over-year as we look to drive pricing growth to offset raw material costs inflation. Our volume growth was impacted by our pricing actions, particularly in Greater China, where we expect that impact to moderate in the second half of the year. Our e-commerce business in China continues to grow at a rapid pace and gain market shares driven by our continued efforts to preimmunize our portfolio.  We saw sales growth in India in the quarter with a combination of both pricing and volume growth behind the line of the Shakti Ayurvedic toothpaste and the benefit of easier comparison from the implementation of the goods and services tax in Q2. The Africa Eurasia division reported net sales growth of 1% in Q2 as solid organic sales growth was partially offset by a negative impact from foreign exchange driven by weakness in the Russian ruble and the Turkish lira.  Encouragingly, we saw volume growth of 2%, Our first quarter volume growth in the division since Q1 2015. With a volume growth across every hub. Pricing remain positive at plus 1%. Last quarter, we mentioned the launch of our 12-gram sachet in Africa as part of our program to drive household penetration and per capita consumption in an emerging market. This quarter, we will add a 3-gram sachet in Sub-Saharan Africa. And well finish up with Hill's,  Hill's delivered 3.5% net sales growth in the second quarter, volume growth of 1% was led by the United States while pricing was up 1%. On Science Diet, weve seen market share gains in the specialty chain on the U.S. as we benefit from the movement of several specialty brands into mass gen. Now, well turn to our updated outlook for 2018. As stated in our press release, we now expect net sales to increase low single-digits in 2018 as we incorporate the recent strengthening of the dollar. We still expect organic sales to be up low-single-digits with growth in the second half above that in the first half.  Our second half plan does not include any recouped volumes from the Brazil trucker strike as it remains to be seen whether this volume will return in the second half or if the trade will look to keep inventories at this current lower level. On a GAAP basis, we expect gross margin to be flat year-over-year in 2018. Excluding the impact of our global growth and efficiency program, we expect gross margin to be down modestly. The continued increase in raw material costs, including the impact of transaction of foreign exchange is the primary driver of our revised gross margin guidance.  We continue to expect that advertising will be up year-over-year on an absolute basis and at the percentage of sales to the full year versus 2017 driven by a year-over-year increase in the second half. Both on a GAAP basis and included in the impact of our global growth and efficiency program and the benefit from the foreign tax matter we still expect our tax rate to be in the range of 26% to 27% in 2018 but we now view the bottom of the range as more likely. We expect the GAAP earnings per share to be up double-digits for the year excluding charges related to the global growth and efficiency program the one-time provisional charge resulting from U.S. tax reform in 2017 and the benefits from the foreign tax matter in 2018. We now expect earnings per share growth to be in the mid-single-digits again incorporating recent moves in foreign exchange. And with that, well open it up for questions.
Operator: Todays question and answer session will be conducted electronically for the telephone audience. [Operator Instructions] And well take our first question from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.
Dara Mohsenian: Hey, good morning.
Ian Cook: Morning, Dara.
Dara Mohsenian: So, its helpful to hear about the sense of urgency, but I think many of the points you made today on e-commerce innovation et cetera have been in place for a while. I guess it sounded like the biggest changes may be less pricing in the back half and originally expected but it doesnt feel like any of these points are radical changes that would necessarily result in a material improvement in market share organic sales growth.  So, just at a very high level as you think about managing the business, have you thought about more drastic actions here to drive a reinvigoration perhaps lowering pricing in some areas not just moderate increases, but making bigger adjustments so investing a lot more behind the business in some of the areas you mentioned so Philips on those two specific areas would be helpful or any other areas perhaps that are missing that you might have pondered here?
Ian Cook: Yeah, I guess Dara I obviously dont convey urgency well. And yes, we have been talking about naturals as one of our innovation areas for a while I think what I was trying to demonstrate is that our urgency is not only to get established where it is and where it is it has been doing quite well as I said from a share point of view and from a repeat point of view importantly but we are accelerating the expansion of that line of products around the world and have organized ourselves so that our speed of implementation across all geography is now accelerated in other words more urgent. And when I say things like a sharp and focus on discounters and pharmacy I mean a sharp and focused clearly these were environments we always did business in, but we have increased our strategic focus on them, because we think they can and will give us incremental growth. And of course, e-commerce, yes has been around for a long time. But we are challenging ourselves on how we can really make sure that our e-commerce growth is faster than the growth of the category, so we build market share which implies new techniques hence Hubble, hence taking products in our portfolio and selling through marketplaces in China direct on e-commerce which were things we had not done before and indeed transfer elmex to pharmacy in Brazil is a new initiative with the urgency. Now, behind all of that, we have adjusted a lot of our marketing programs. Let me use China perhaps as an example. You know that our market share in China on a value basis has been under pressure and the primary reason for that has been the explosive growth of the super-premium segment in that marketplace. So, what our volume share was holding up relatively well, our value share was penalized by a mix in our portfolio that didn't address the shape of the market. Now, we've approached that in two ways. One way, we have talked about is the dare to love toothpaste that was created in five months to be introduced locally at a super-premium price. The second is the Naturals line of products that we have moved within China also at a super-premium price.  And as I just mentioned today now, elmex coming in at a super-premium price. So direct to consumer through the important as you know, particularly in China e-commerce market. But we also in China through a very strong relaunch of the biggest business we have in China in toothpaste took a very bold price move supported by the question you're here to relaunch to tear up the pricing of our largest business in that marketplace. That pricing is now established. It is at the shelf in retail, it changes the mix of our portfolio in China favorably towards more premiums and now we can drive not just the new innovation, but we can drive our largest business at a different price point which will give a top-line benefit of course, and a value market share benefit. So, all of those things have been put together within the last year and I think going forward change the shape of our portfolio in China. Investment wise, we believe that the investment level, we have maintained for this year is strong and appropriate. We are flat at the half year-on-year maintaining at a good level and expect to be up for the balance of the year given our shape of innovation around the world. And as we continue to advance our plans, we will of course, decide which opportunities we believe at most potential and structure our investment behind them to make sure we get the maximum trial of the innovation we bring to market. We are generally seeing improved quality of communication vehicle both digitally and on the traditional media. So, we're very happy with the engagement vehicles, we have behind our business. So, urgency, yes. Panic, no. Finding the right balance in conveying this is obviously difficult at this time, but we are being dramatic and reevaluating as the small example I gave all aspects of our business as we move forward here.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Ali Dibadj with Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj: Hey guys. I think just pulling some of the threads together from your prepared remarks, you answered just now. To me overarching maybe longer-term maybe shorter-term question is if and when do you guys need to really do a rebase of margins and earnings.  Your top-line continues to decelerate further, you don't need to compare market shares as best as we can tell down over 150 basis points again this quarter. Globally, it doesn't seem at least for the first half of this year, you found anything worth increasing the advertising spend on.  And I guess cadences, but you don't feel like that's an increased advertising spend with those results. Gross margin at this sloppy [ph] level seems to be a struggle. I mean each of the reason that seems like are spending more overhead. And you mentioned surely great places you have to invest in right to be fair like skin and health like commerce, like naturals, like sharper focus on some of the brick and mortar retailers. So, do you think that the company put off when it has been overearning, and these are rebates here. And perhaps if you know what does your new COO know well as think about our rebase as well?
Ian Cook: Well, thanks Ali. I must say the way you paint your question of course leads to a certain conclusion at a point in time. I trying to take them in turn. I think I answered the way we are thinking about innovation and growth going forward.  And we feel confident that the innovation profile and portfolio we have going forward is compelling and we will invest behind it. The clearly in terms of gross margin right now the overwhelming impact and which came very sharply was both in commodity costs and in foreign exchange and the transaction impact of that on those commodity costs.  And as I said, we are going to have to price in addition to our strong product inventory programs to see that gross margin recover. Much of the pricing is already announced and out there. And our ability to effectively price in the marketplace I think has been demonstrated already and will hold up in a more inflationary environment going forward. And you know well in some parts of the world, we have had to react to intend promotional activity which we have not judged was rational, but we have reacted to and in the U.S. where our share has been under pressure, the share of course has popped back up as we have met the couponing pressure out there in the marketplace. So, we think the spending is appropriate. We think the innovation is sound. And we think we selective M&A that we have made, and which of course remains an aspect of our strategy has been wise and have added value. And where we to do more we believe they will continue to add value as part of our portfolio.  So, I would not say overearning, and I would say that we have been very focused on meeting these challenges, as they have risen, and we have been putting in place a very close strategy to meet them in the marketplace geography by geography around the world.  Now, as to know, John [ph] became the president quite recently, as that, of course is part of the longstanding succession process that we would have been running perhaps with the last decade and like all of the senior leaders in Colgate now already has a strong voice in shaping our action for this year and in the - for 2019 and we will develop a plan, we believe will drive the topline with quality innovation and we will spend what we need to spend to get full return on that innovation in the best interest of the company and all stakeholders for the long-term.
Operator: And well take our next question from Stephen Powers with Deutsche Bank.
Stephen Powers: Great Thank You. Good morning. To build on your pricing comments, I'm assuming one pocket of improvement will be the increase pricing that you expect to get in Latin America. I really want to understand the confidence there because the lack of pricing year-to-date in that market, the negative pricing in the quarter really stands out, not just against your history, but against what weve heard from peers this season. I know the country and category mix is different, but Coke and Pepsi saw very robust pricing in Latin America for example, Kimberly Clark and Unilever, theyve arguably struggled more similar to you, realized price, but each of them at least called out sequential improvement Q1 to Q2, whereas your pricing seems going in another way.  So, I guess, why do you think youve been different, what gives you the confidence that things get better from here and I know you mention rising input cost in the worsening effects that those should help, but I guess my question there is that really a good thing, because I'm assuming in dollar terms your outlook is still lower. So, its not pricing in real terms, as I see it, but maybe you can steer me a different direction there. So, just comments on Latin American pricing would be great. Thanks.
Ian Cook: In terms of pricing in Latin America, our brands so high have very good pricing power. You remember, the story last year, where we took very, very significant pricing in the first half which eased off in the back half of the year. So, we're up against a very strong product year comparison and the Latin American pricing was I mean essentially flat.  That said, the foreign exchange pressure that is clearly there requires offsetting from a gross margin point of view and for the key Latin American markets pricing has already been announced and is making its way to the marketplace.  So, I dont think we will need any resistance in taking the pricing in Latin America and weve a very strong innovation plan. So, I think the year-on-year comparison is telling as a competitive activity, I recall mentioning on the last quarterly call in Mexico which we have now begun to meet to a certain extent. But that said, the pricing in Latin America is announced, is in the plan and it is moving to the marketplace.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Nik Modi with RBC.
Nik Modi: Yeah, thanks. Good morning, everyone. I was hoping, you can just provide some perspective around competition and specifically, what Glaxo is doing in the sensitive toothpaste market and then the local competitors in the emerging markets maybe you can call out areas where, there is some catch up be done whether it will be a local innovation or insights. And then on P&G in terms of what youre seeing from them in the marketplace right now, as weve been hearing, they've been pretty aggressive, pretty broadly in oral care.
Ian Cook: Well, thanks Nick and first of all I think it would be fair to say as we categorize the first quarter the comparative environment from several quarters but certainly a couple of the companies you mentioned in your question have been quite elevated and I mentioned on the last quarter that in some cases we did not judge the activity to be sustainable or sensible and we did not mentioned in other cases to defend their market shares, we have reacted in order to meet that competitive activity and of course that has a predictably immediate effect on recovery in our market share. So, it is our objective to remain rational in this space and prefer to drive growth in the company through innovation and marketing rather than short term unsustainable promotional activity, but we will need what we have to meet. In terms of the local brands the topics are the ones that we have discussed before largely China and India and - in China it would take all of the court and list all of the local brands in China there are a couple of important players. And we choose sponsors in China that I think I described in quite a bit of detail is the process of the premium segment which we had reacted to in the manner I outlined before and an acceleration of this naturals innovation done differently in China than in India.  In India, I will say that the - product that we have introduced is growing quite nicely, we believe it is an adequate foil to the local brand there as I repeat as I mentioned is at a very strong level. And the market shares are moving up on an ongoing basis indeed in the modern side share is already up beyond 3 percentage points. so, we know the product will be affective in the market place and we will remain commitment to put advertising behind it.
Operator: And well take our next question from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: Hey good morning folks. Thank you for allowing me to ask some questions.
Ian Cook: Hi, Jason. How do you feel?
Jason English: I guess I'm going to pivot off of sort of market competitive dynamics instead ask a question on margins, you resort a lot of cost pressure this quarter, the 320 basis points drag on GMs sharp uptick from the first quarter. Two questions on that. First, what drove such a meaningful acceleration in your weight of inflation from the first quarter to the second quarter, it doesnt really seem can grow kind of what we see in the spot market out there? And second there is always this rather strange and not quite intuitive cadence or seasonality to your inflation rate where every year it seems to build through the fourth quarter drop off in the first quarter then once again ramp beyond. Should we expect that same ramp this year in other words should we expect inflation drag to get even bigger as we progress through the remainder of the year?
Ian Cook: Yeah, good questions Jason and obviously areas we spend a lot of time focusing on as we construct our activity for the balance of the year and thinking about it in terms of setting up 2019.  It really is as simple as a very sharp run up in commodity costs both on the first quarter and on the second quarter of the previous year and the effect of the very sharp run up in the U.S. dollar and therefore foreign exchange negative for us in the transaction costs of those raw materials and based on things about effectively drive the gross margin. Now, let me just take a little bit longer to describe the composition of the second quarter. So, if you go back to the second quarter of last year, our ad gross margin was at 16.7%. As you know, pricing gave nothing to gross margin in this quarter. Funding the growth up 170 basis points was a good start in line with last year as you know our curve tends to build across the year in terms of our funding the growth and then as I said in my prepared remarks and you just echoed the material prices hit us by 320, 10 bps of other and that takes you to the current year gross profit. So, thats the swing and I can sort of dimensionalize it even understanding that oil takes time to work its way through the system. But if you take the price of Brent first quarter of last year, first quarter of this year it was up 23%. If you take the second quarter of last year and the second quarter of this year it was 47%, a 12% sequential increase quarter-on-quarter. And it's not similar pace of change that created the impact. Now, our current plan effectively sees that level of impact continuing for the balance of the year. So, we dont expect that current stock rates and with what we know about commodity prices, that curve will continue to lie obviously our funding the growth curve does continue to rise as the year unfolds and as we said there will be a benefit from modest movements in pricing which allow us to build a plan that sees gross margin begin to recover across the back half of the year. But I wouldnt say there is a little predictable cycle which seem to come all the time usually for us the impact on gross margin is all about commodity price move and foreign exchange move and as you know the foreign exchange move is instant.
Operator: And well take our next question from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan.
Andrea Teixeira: Thank you, everyone. So, good morning. I have the
Ian Cook: Good morning Andrea.
Andrea Teixeira: Good morning. Clarification and also one specific question. So, no the clarification about just reinvesting the business and the funding for growth. So, have you delayed some of the discretionary spending given the headwinds and commodities and price increase which I believe it was more massive than anyone anticipated.  So, I know you kept outlook of local market investments above sales, but I was just wondering if how we should think through the balance of the year and that could actually be a way for you to reach that mid-single-digit EPS guidance. And on the specific question, if you can elaborate on the competitive dynamics and destocking Mexico. I understand that in most of the destocking is probably lapping that from the third quarter for last year and you said in the pricing announcements which I was a bit confused were implemented in the third quarter, so were implemented in Mexico now, but you are facing a tough comp from last year when you also implemented a price increase that do not fix. So, what makes you confident that this time you're going to have the pricing seeking this time around. Thank you.
Ian Cook: Thanks, Andrea. Delayed discretionary spending and you've talked above the line. So, few things to say I guess, you probably saw that our SG&A was down year-on-year. And the SG&A was down notwithstanding as John said an impact of increased logistics costs which we carry on overhead. That means that our overhead ratio was down meaningfully year-on-year. and that traces to the global growth and efficiency program that we have had which you're seeing as through the hobbling and business services and some discrete activity change the shape of our organization and reduce overhead cost. So, in that sense, we have been very focused and quite urgent about making sure we get the benefit of that to run through overhead and run through the SG&A. Therefore, in terms of discretionary, yes, we are being very cautious on discretionary income, discretionary spend. In terms of the above line, I mentioned in my prepared remarks, this idea of revenue growth management which includes everything from taking risk price increase on the face of the invoice to negotiating ultimate promotional activity in partnership with the retailers in a way that is more efficient and yet as productive for both of us. So that's that is yes, an area of focus for us, but nothing unusual. I mean to this point about are we not doing things that we think are important to do for the ongoing development of the company absolutely not. So, where we think it's appropriate to invest we are. I would say on Mexico, that the destocking will be behind this at the end of this quarter. The issue in Mexico had more to do with stepped up competitive activity, which we did not need instantly, because we didn't think it was rationale but to some extent we have now adjusted our plans to meet.  And the pricing in Mexico is announced that moving to the marketplace as we work our way through the third quarter. In the context of foreign exchange, it is quite traceable to cost impact but because of the transaction impact. And we feel that compared to the peak increases of the first quarter and second quarter last year overall as a lesser level. And we think we'll stick in the marketplace given the inflationary pressures now resurging across Latin America including Mexico.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Bonnie Herzog with Wells Fargo.
Bonnie Herzog: Thank you. Good morning.
Ian Cook: Good morning, Bonnie.
Bonnie Herzog: Good morning. I just had a quick question on pricing. You mentioned you've already put it in place in several markets. So curious to hear what you're seeing so far in terms of the impact on your volumes or possible downtrading within your categories especially relative to past increases. And then there has been a lot of discussion about stepped up private label penetration from some of your peers. So just curious to hear how much of a risk do you think there might be from retailers stepping up investments in private label across your categories if any. Thanks.
Ian Cook: Yeah, in many cases Bonnie with the new pricing, they are announced and moving to the shelf. So, I don't yet have historical data to tell you about the impact on volume. I will make the point as I said in my prepared remarks that the pricing we are taking in the second half of the year of meaningful to the structure of our plan is not significant in the absolute. Our experience in Latin America is that there is usually a short-term volume impact as much in the retail equation as with the consumer. And I don't see why this time would be any different. If we turn to private label pleasingly given the nature of our categories at least all pets and personal care given the emotional engagement, those categories have with consumers given that, particularly with a toothpaste, if you're going to put something in your mouth or your kid's mouth, if you want to trust that brand.  We have seen private label development around the world, probably most developed in Europe, but still low single-digits negligible in the United States, and in the emerging markets almost a nonexistent because our consumers have serious doubts about quality of certain products in those marketplaces. So, we're very attentive to it. We track it all the time. But so far, given the emotional connection with the product category and our brand in that category. It has not been a significant factor.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Kevin Grundy with Jefferies.
Kevin Grundy: Thanks. Good morning.
Ian Cook: Hi, Kevin.
Kevin Grundy: Good morning. First, a cleanup question on category growth rates. Can you just provide the EM, DM and overall category growth rates relative to the half a point of organic sales growth in the quarter?  And then the larger question is just sort of your level of confidence on this strategy. And specifically, the three key factors you touched on Ian to start the call and your level of visibility and sort of the tangible glide path in terms of when Colgate can return to the 3% to 5% organic sales growth. Do you feel comfortable with the low-end of that range looking to the back half of this year? Is that something you feel comfortable looking at the next year? So, any commentary there would be helpful and then just one last piece and if just to summarize the earlier response, because I think it's important. It sounds like you believe, you can get back to improve levels of growth with current investment level. So that is in the absence of the, sort of proverbial earnings rebases. I just wanted to make sure, I heard that right. Because I think it's important. So, thank you for those.
Ian Cook: Yeah. Thanks. Thanks, Kevin. Well, if I look at the category growth rates, I would say that the U.S. continues to grow around 2%, which is, well your full year compare to some not so distant history.  The European environment continues to be very tempted, overall between zero to one. Latin America had slowed, because of that lower inflation. So, the rates which have been the mid-single-digits sell off to low-single-digits.  We expect those to come back, the volume is there we expect those to come back with the pricing in the second half, which we expect to see across the markets. And Asia, Africa, you would say in the mid-single-digit perhaps 4% there. So those are the categories. Now, in terms of the strategy and what I mentioned this morning. I mentioned some stuff this morning. The stuff I mentioned this morning were areas that we wanted to emphasize on this call. Those three areas don't embody, the company's strategy overall.  And so, we revisit this all the time and you can rest assured that one of the key areas of revisiting has been and we'll continue to be on a regular basis what we are doing to accelerate growth. And that involves all of the senior leadership in the company. And every time we do it that leads with the sense of urgency that we have that leads to specific actions that we start to deploy immediately. And I think to this point even though we have made quite a lot of changes within the confines of the overall strategy we have. We are confident and driving towards returning to that 3% to 5% growth rate.  I think that for this year, we guided the organic growth for a balance of the year and the full year low-single digits. That will see a step up from the first quarter, but I would not state that the organic growth will be 3% for the third quarter. I think we will be looking at our 2019 plan to return solidly there for that year with the innovation we see in the plans that we will put behind the business. Now in terms of that improved growth. That improved growth is the strategy we are deploying. Increased investment will be there in the second half of this year. And as I said earlier, we will do what is right to support the growth ambitions we have in 2019 consistent with that strategy reflecting the quality of innovation and marketing programs we believe we have.  And with the balance of responsibility to all stakeholders in the company in terms of what the shape of that ultimately looks like. But you're right I was not implying that this company is actively thinking of a so called rebase.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Steve Strikhalo [ph] with UBS.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good afternoon. Quick question on to dig into Jason English's question on the gross margin piece a little bit more. Ian how should we think about the down modestly for the year given this trajectory of commodities. Just thinking about the third and fourth quarter and rising inflation it feels like it 50 basis points down year-over-year a modest range. And can you kind of unpack how much transactional was await to the gross margin degradation in 2Q. Thank you.
Ian Cook: Yeah, so to answer the second point. Transaction cost in the second quarter was about 50 basis points of that 320. And I think I mentioned in response to an earlier question that the overall impact of material costs both commodity and transaction we expect to run at around the same level as the second quarter of this year.  So, we framed - what we framed purposefully. What that requires with the run-down I gave earlier on the second quarter and the additional contribution of pricing in the third and fourth, it assumes a build back an increase of gross margin across the second half of the year. And frankly I would modestly at modestly. And I guess I would leave it there?
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Olivia Tong with Bank of America.
Olivia Tong: Thanks. Wanted to focus more on the ... 
Ian Cook : Olivia sorry., I'm not picking you very clearly.
Olivia Tong: Can you hear me now?
Ian Cook: Yeah, I can, yes.
Olivia Tong: Well, perfect.
Ian Cook: Yeah, can you hear me? It sounds like an ad.
Olivia Tong: I want to focus a little bit on the non-Colgate oral care brands as you start putting a little bit more focus on that part of the portfolio elmex for example. How does your approach changed because the product is different, some of the retailers are different but is the customer different and how do you change your marketing strategies accordingly and do your existing retailers that carry the Colgate brand would they be interested in that as well and does the potentially presents an opportunity for you?
Ian Cook: Well, I think you capture a very important point Olivia. We have since the years of acquisition actually expanded elmex to several important European markets given its premium nature we have usually saw season in pharmacy because that is part of the business sold of the development of the brand.  And then ultimately move into broader retailer distribution without damaging the pricing strategy integrity called the business and I would say based on our European experience that our retailer partners be the pharmacy or broader market place are very attracted by an additional brand in the Colgate portfolio knowing the quality of that product alongside Colgate and in fact its targeted at different uses, so its incremental for us and incremental for them. Now in the markets I mentioned we are starting in China direct to consumer from an e-commerce point of view and in Brazil to pharmacy which is a very important category of retailer segment for high end therapeutic products and thats where we will start always with elmex. But I think if the European experience plays out the same way in these markets you put indeed expect overtime us to broaden the aperture of sales for elmex and I think we would get the same support and positive result that we have seen in Europe.
Operator: And well take our next question from Caroline Levy [ph] with Macquarie.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks. Good afternoon. I know its run very longer just very quickly inventory destocking on a global basis Ian could you just touch on whether you think this remains a significant risk that as retailers margins are under pressure were really going to see this wave hit the U.S. and other markets as well more substantially do you think its something were going to be talking about a lot of in the next few years and if there are any markets where it has had a substantial impact already?
Ian Cook: Yeah, so we have talked before about inventory destocking impacts in various market places I guess most especially in Mexico and China and there is always going to be at the edges a rebalancing of inventory as the mix of retail environments shift particularly where e-commerce is a factor.  But I would say going forward, this is likely to be a more of an emerging market issue why, because another distribution in those markets is indirect distribution and you are reaching customers through distributors and wholesalers and when they get shy of events they see in the market place they tend to stop buying in the moment and wait until they see signs or they recovery in whatever trade sector they service. But to your implication that could we see this coming to North America I think when we track our inventory levels with our major customers in North America honestly, we have seen a general decline in inventory levels held by the more sophisticated customers down into the most single lease and if you went back a decade it would have been double-digit weeks. And I think with all of the technology available to us today with the simplification of portfolios and efficiency in supply chain some of the levels we now add in the U.S. with the most sophisticated customers, I would say a baseline operating level.  So, a significant piece of volatility in that regard, I think is unlikely, I think, both parties will be working to find efficiency, but, I think, it will be a continual gradual progress.
Operator: And well take our next question from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: Thank you. Ian, I was just curious about them the longer-range things that you mentioned. Because I think the dynamics and the things youre doing in the short-term and medium-term to improve results, whether its pricing or broadening distribution, e-commerce. These will just, well have to see play out, but I was really intrigue by both the mention of committed health and also still the professional skin acquisition, as you know it is not news today.  It's different for I think Colgate to be exploring two vectors that are arguably really quite new, right and it would be let alone one. But to be looking into kind of two areas that are a bit, a step away from the core.  So, can you just talk about that, I mean, I guess capabilities from a corporate standpoint to be exploring new avenues and really how aggressively you're going to go after these things, would be one.  And then two, what you read into or not at all about your views on kind of the growth potential of the core business. There is different perspective on what the growth can look like with what your current footprint outside of these two areas that you mentioned?
Ian Cook: Okay, Lauren, Thank you. The answer of those connected health and skin traced to strategy and we think that they are important place for the future. From a personnel cap point of view, we have laid our territory, where we want to establish and build a position in skin health, true skin health. And that requires determologist, requires a portfolio that the professionals in that space will recommend and if there is opportunity to build organically with the two assets we have today and as I implied earlier, it is also a nice platform upon which we can build, should we say choose other assets externally as that would shift that generalized strategy of skin health.  Interestingly, some of the thinking we have on our base business around recommendation and endorsement, translating and apply very, very well. We obviously learned a new areas of skin applications and skin science which we can trickle down to our base businesses like Sanex and Palmolive, but we can also now move up in terms of clinically demonstrable healthcare delivery.  We think thats a good space, that we think that with population trends in the world is a long-term growth space with pricing advantage and margin advantage for the long-term and once people used these products like the suntan lotion from Elta for a particular skin condition to protect them from the sun, I hate to use the word for skin care product, but little over stick ability, because people will stay with the product that gives them the benefit they are looking for.  And the connected brush, what we see and have seen for a while is that the combination of behavior and data can be a powerful way to build the businesses going forward. And, if you think about where data is going, the ubiquity of it, the miniaturization of it. The depths of what it can provide as AI starts to play a role.  The toothbrush is a wonderful vehicle to be an informed advisor to a person using that product. And never mind, if you can translate that same benefit in emerging parts of the word to a manual offering for example. And so, we think, this is the step into the future. We think it will take time to build. We think the capability we can bring from an information point of view to consumer will grow. We think Apple is a terrific partner in terms of the technical reputation that it brings to the buying consumers and so happens with the colors are in the [indiscernible] colors which is good red and white. So, a scenario we are committed to and we see as building. I think in terms of the core business, we continue to believe there is vitality in the categories in the categories in which we do business. one of the structural changes we have embarked upon which revenue growth management talk to the specific action in China talked to in terms of clearing up the business, recent there is rich opportunity to take our big businesses and in addition to the new product innovation bring meaningfully signed typically supported innovation to our bigger businesses with the corresponding value increase both perceived and asked to a consumer and with that can grow the top-line of our base sustainably into the future. So, there is all the questions we have today, I thank everybody for participating on the call and we look forward to catching up with you later in the year. Bye-bye.
Operator: And that does conclude todays conference, thank you for your participation, you may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-27 11:00:00) =====
Executives: John Faucher - Senior Vice President of IR Ian Cook - Chairman, CEO and President
Analysts: Andrea Teixeira - JPMorgan Dara Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley Wendy Nicholson - Citi Research Stephen Powers - Deutsche Bank Jason English - Goldman Sachs Bonnie Herzog - Wells Fargo Kevin Grundy - Jefferies Ali Dibadj - Bernstein Olivia Tong - Bank of America Nik Modi - RBC Capital Markets Bill Chappell - SunTrust Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Lauren Lieberman - Barclays
Operator: Good day and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company First Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgatepalmolive.com. Now for opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to the Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, John Faucher. Please go ahead, John.
John Faucher: Thanks, Elysia. Good morning, and welcome to our first quarter earnings release conference call. This is John Faucher, Senior Vice President for Investor Relations. Joining me this morning are, Ian Cook, Chairman, President and CEO; Dennis Hickey, CFO; Henning Jakobsen, Vice President and Corporate Controller; and Elaine Paik, Vice President and Treasurer. Today's conference call will include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from these statements. Please refer to the earnings press release and our most recent filings with the SEC, including our 2017 Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings, all available on Colgate's Web site, for a discussion of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these statements. This conference call will also include a discussion of non-GAAP financial measures, including those identified in Tables 6 and 6a of the earnings press release. A full reconciliation to the corresponding GAAP financial measures is included in the earnings press release and is available on Colgate's Web site.
Ian Cook: Thanks John and thanks to all of you for joining us on the call this morning. At CAGNY in February, I mentioned that we expected 2018 to be challenging of likely less challenging than 2017. So far, this has not been the case as quarter one was just as challenging as 2017 visualizing all material and logistics costs, heightened competitive activity and a slow down in cash [growth] [ph] in some markets around the world. I would say that in response, we remain focused on increasing our effectiveness and agility to better delay with this volatile environment where growth is harder to find. Over the past few quarters, I've highlighted four areas of focus as we look to accelerate top and bottom line growth. Advertising behind more impactful creative, innovation across our business particularly in toothpaste and particularly in naturals working with our retail partners to drive profitable growth with a focus on e-commerce, and of course, maximizing productivity up and down the income statement. These fundamentals remain our priorities in 2018. But on the call today, I'd like to focus on two topics; first, our developed markets where we think we've made progress over the past year. And second, our developing markets where we face some new and continuing challenges that we're working to address. You may remember in the first half of 2017, our North American and European divisions posted declines in organic sales and some weakness in market share since then it's driven by the increased advertising spend that we committed to and to focus on identifying the category segments and retail environments that will deliver growth, we have returned to organic sales growth and are back to positive market share performance. In the U.S., in the first half of last year our categories declined and we gained share in only one of our categories. In this first quarter of 2018, our categories are back to growth and our sales were up in six categories and flat in one more. This was a continuation of the improvement we began to see in the fourth quarter. In Europe for the second quarter in a row we are seeing broad based growth in sales and market shares elmex continues to drive premium growth in our toothpaste portfolio, while Sanex is driving share growth in personal care and Soupline is gaining share in the fabric softener category. Hill's has returned to sales growth with both pricing and volume growth in the first quarter. In the U.S. volume growth was positive in the quarter despite challenges in the specialty channel. Our Hill's e-commerce business in developed markets saw a 42% growth in the quarter. And so in simple terms developed markets deliver this quarter and we remain sharply focused on continuing this recent momentum. Turning to emerging markets, our emerging markets took a bit of a step back, so what are we seeing there and more importantly what are we going to do going forward to reaccelerate growth in these markets. Latin America category growth rates slowed in the first quarter due to lower levels of inflation repricing in markets like Argentina and Brazil. While volume growth slowed in Mexico behind some macro level concerns and some heightened competitive activity which in some cases we chose not to match. In Latin America, our pricing improved sequentially this quarter and that's a trend we expect to see continue over the balance of the year helped by easier comparisons as we cycle increases in promotional activity last year. We expect inflation to remain below historical levels, but we do foresee modest inflation given GDP growth increasing wages and rising commodity costs. In terms of reaccelerating volume growth in Latin America, we do have a robust plan in place for the balance of the year. We have a very active innovation calendar including in Brazil significant premium all care innovation in the high growth pharmacy channel. And John will discuss our strong Brazilian market share performance in his section. For personal care, we have innovation in the Protex line in bar soaps and in the Palmolive line in the naturals space. In Mexico where volume has been down for the last two quarters, we expect to see less of an impact from trade destocking. In Asia, we're beginning to see the benefits of our aggressive push into the naturals space where we are now rolled out across the geographies but we know we still have a lot of work to do. In the first quarter in Asia, our toothpaste market shares improved sequentially from the fourth quarter in four of our five largest markets. While in toothbrushes, our shares improved sequentially in all of our top five markets. In China, we are restaging our Colgate 360 brand, which is what we call Colgate Total in China and we are launching elmex as an e-commerce exclusive brand. In India, we are growing, but we need to improve our share performance and we are expanding our naturals Vedshakti platform by broadening the geographic reach and introducing a wider range of price points. Australia was in fact the biggest driver of our organic sales weakness in Asia-Pacific this quarter. We have been impacted by some difficult retailer dynamics in the market and we will begin to lap that in Q2. There has also been an increase in competitive activity that's putting some downward pressure on pricing and market shares. The Colgate naturals line is entering this market as we speak which along with some easier comparisons should lead to an improvement in Australia over the balance of the year. So real progress and momentum in our developed markets, which we are focused on continuing and in our developing markets, we have a clear understanding of what needs to get done to accelerate growth with specific plans and a sharp focus on results. And finally, I would like to compliment our team for a strong start to the year from a productivity standpoint. We achieved solid results on funding the growth which helped us offset the vast majority of our raw material inflation. And we saw limited impact from the increase in freight logistics in the United States as flexible programs like Uber freight and our new 4PL logistics provider enable us to limit our exposure to the higher spot market rates. And now back to John.
John Faucher: Thanks, Ian. I will now provide a brief overview of the quarter including some further commentary on divisional performance. As Ian discussed while Q1 represented progress in net sales operating profit and earnings growth on a reported basis, our organic sales growth took a slight step back. We are focused on driving sequential improvement in organic sale through the balance of the year and the plans Ian highlighted demonstrate that focus. Our net sales growth of 6.5% in the quarter was the highest since the third quarter 2011. Net sales growth was driven by 2% growth in volume with 0.5% coming from our professional skincare acquisitions. Flat pricing and 4.5% benefit from foreign exchange. Our pricing performance improved sequentially by 100 basis points and we still expect positive pricing for the year as our pricing comparisons get easier and we plan to take some additional pricing to help offset raw materials inflation. On a GAAP basis, our gross profit margin was down 10 basis points year-over-year excluding the impact of our global growth and efficiency program it was down 40 basis points year-over-year. As Ian mentioned, our strong productivity savings lead they are funding the growth initiatives was unable to completely offset higher raw material costs. On a GAAP basis, our operating profit margin was up 40 basis points year-over-year in Q1 excluding the impact of our global growth and efficiency program, our operating profit margin was down 20 basis points as the decline in gross margin was offset by a 30 basis point decrease in our SG&A to sales ratio. On a dollar basis advertising investment was up 4% year-over-year in Q1, but was down slightly on a percentage of sales basis as we lapped our highest spending quarter in 2017. As Ian mentioned in the press release we are continuing to spend behind our brands in 2018 and we still expect advertising to be up for the full year on both the dollar and a percentage of sales basis. The remainder of our SG&A expense was down 10 basis points year-over-year as a percentage of sales as a moderate increase in our freedom logistics costs primarily in the United States was offset by savings from our global growth and efficiency program and funding the growth initiatives. On a GAAP basis diluted earnings per share of $0.72 was up 13% year-over-year in Q1 excluding the impact of our global growth and efficiency program diluted earnings per share was up 10% at $0.74. Now moving to the divisions we will start off with North America. As Ian mentioned we saw further improvement in North America in Q1 continuing the turnaround we began to see in the second half of 2017. Net sales growth was driven by our toothpaste business which showed strong balance through a combination of pricing and volume growth. Tom's of Maine also delivered double-digit net sales growth in Q1 benefiting from the continued positive trends in the naturals category. Our Canadian business delivered strong net sales growth as well in the quarter with growth across the oral care, personal care and home care. Ian covered most of the important details on Latin America. Latin America delivered 0.5% net sales growth in the quarter as volume was flat and pricing was up 0.5%. Foreign exchange was flat. As Ian mentioned, our market share performance in Brazil during Q1 was very strong, we gained one share point in toothpaste year-over-year almost two share points in toothbrushes and 3.5 share points in mouthwash behind the launch of Colgate Total 12 mouthwash. Moving to Europe. Europe delivered solid organic sales growth in Q1 with broad-based performance across our geographies and categories. Net sales growth of 16% was driven by 4% volume growth partially offset by a pricing decline of 2.5%. Foreign exchange was favorable by 14.5%. Our toothpaste market share growth in Europe continues to be widespread with share gains in France, Germany, Greece, Switzerland Austria and Denmark. The Colgate naturals extracts line continues to drive incremental sales across the division and we will be launching a new charcoal variant during the second quarter. We saw benefits from other new products in the quarter as well. We launched Coalgate Max White Expert Complete in the U.K., which has proven to be nicely incremental to our Coalgate Max White market share in that market. And Sanex continues to gain share behind the 0% line which we are expanding through the launch of Sanex 0% Lotion. This new line addresses an unmet need for moisturization with fewer chemical ingredients. Ian also discussed Asia Pacific, so I will simply add a few comments. Net sales in Asia-Pacific are up 5.5% in the quarter with all of the increase coming from currency as organic sales were flat. While our brick and mortar business in China was weaker than expected and we saw strong growth in e-commerce market shares and have market leadership in toothpaste in China e-commerce. The Africa Eurasia division reported net sales growth of 3.5% in Q1 as positive foreign exchange more than offset a decline in volume, while pricing was up low-single digit. The volume weakness was driven primarily by South Africa where we were lapping a difficult comparison. In Russia along with Colgate naturals which we had mentioned before we expect the recent launch of Coalgate Safe Whitening to boost market shares and expand the high margin whitening segment which is underdeveloped in the region. We are also very pleased with the performance of our 12 gram sachet in Africa particularly in Kenya. This package has a retail price point of 15 Kenyan shillings equivalent to US$0.15 or just over US$0.01 per usage. So consumers can purchase it with the change they have in their pockets. Along with our Bright Smiles, Bright Futures program, this is part of our long-term strategy to increase penetration and usage in emerging markets. And we'll finish up with Hill's. Hill's delivered 5.5% net sales growth in the first quarter. Volume growth at 0.5% was led by the United States, while pricing was up 1%. Foreign exchange was plus 4%. The United States volume growth was driven by continued strength in prescription diet business which is posting rapid growth in the online channel. as we highlighted at CAGNY. We were also excited about our new advertising campaign on our Science Diet brand in the U.S. which focuses on science being at the heart of biology base nutrition. Now we'll turn to our updated outlook for 2018. As stated in our press release, we expect net sales growth to increase mid-single digits in 2018. Given the slower start to the year we now expect organic sales to be up low single digits with sequential improvement in organic sales growth in the balance of the year versus low to mid-single digits previously. On a GAAP basis, we expect gross margin to be up 75 to 125 basis points in 2018 excluding the impact of our global growth and efficiency program, we expect gross margin to increase up to 50 basis points for the year. Greater than expected increases in raw material costs are the primary driver of our revised guidance. As Ian mentioned on our last conference call, our forecast does assume that some raw materials including oil trends lower in the second half of this year from their current levels. Our funding the growth initiatives are off to a strong start this year, we anticipate FTG will help us offset much of the raw material inflation. As I mentioned previously, we also expect positive pricing in the balance of the year which should provide a modest benefit to gross margin. We remain committed to consistent advertising across the year and we expect digital to represent about 30% of our media spending this year. Both on a GAAP basis and excluding the impact from our global growth and efficiency program, we still expect our tax rate to be in the range of 26% to 27% in 2018. We expect GAAP earnings per share to be at double digits for the year. Excluding the charges related to the global growth and efficiency program and the one time provisional charge resulting from U.S. tax reform, we still expect earnings per share growth to be around 10%. And with that, we'll open it up for questions.
Operator: Today's question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically for the telephone audience. [Operator Instructions]  We'll go to our first question from Andrea Teixeira from JPMorgan.
Andrea Teixeira: Thank you. Ian, I'd like to just in terms of the price increases that you embedded in guidance, so if you can explain how in the back-end of the year you're going to be able to raise prices given the elasticity we see in developed markets? Thank you.
Ian Cook: Yes. I guess as we think about pricing Andrea and we talked about this a little bit on our last call. Clearly there is underlying commodity cost pressure that affects everybody. And clearly we have seen a slowing of category growth in some markets around the world and that has resulted in, in some cases is heightened promotional activity price space to try and get more of that smaller pie and that puts pressure on pricing. But as we said in the last call with the underlying commodity pressure with the inflation that we think will come back modestly in Latin America and other emerging markets, we believe there is the potential to take pricing over the balance of the year. We know we can do it from a consumer point of view and we think that other manufacturers are faced with the same cost pressures that we are faced with. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks in some instances where we thought the promotional activity was economically destructive we did not participate. So I think a combination of the underlying commodity price pressures, modest inflation and I would say an expected lessening and we're seeing that in some cases of promotional activity which is not a constructive way to build the business for medium term gives the potential for pricing over the balance of the year. On top of which by the way, we have John mentioned the naturals expansion much of that renovation while not technically an increase in prices is very much at a premium and of the category which obviously gives you the margin benefit of the elevated premium price inherent in our innovation grid.
Andrea Teixeira: That's helpful, Ian. So just on the U.S. and probably like as you lap the price competition in Mexico is that a read into those key markets for you in terms of the pricing or the promotional spending kind of at least lapping in the fourth quarter of last year and being able to get in the balance of 2018 or better at least less couponing if you will on the pricing perspective? Is that the way we should look at it or list price increases?
Ian Cook: Both, both. In the North American environment, I think you saw fairly substantial improvement from the fourth quarter to the first quarter in terms of our pricing. The same in Latin America. So we went from basically negative 1 to flat quarter-on-quarter. And we expect that progress to continue. And we will be taking some of this price increases in parts of the world to offset that underlying commodity inflation. And on top of though it is in the price measure our innovation flow is more at the premium end which will drive value and margin.
Andrea Teixeira: That's great. Thank you, Ian.
Operator: We will go next to Dara Mohsenian of Morgan Stanley.
Dara Mohsenian: Hey, good morning.
Ian Cook: Hey Dara.
Dara Mohsenian: So, Ian, I'm basically going to ask the same question I did last quarter which is, if you take a step back in emerging markets, has something really changed here because clearly your market share looks like it's under pressure despite the ad boost from the back half of last year, the naturals focus and your other strategy tweaks. And it's sort of odd to such a strong organization has not seen more traction in Europe consistently missing your own expectations. The organic sales growth is weaker than we've seen in history in emerging markets. And I appreciate some of the country specific commentary, some of the comments on category weakness. But again, taking a step back from an overall broader standpoint over the last couple of years, not just this quarter, it does feel like there's a pretty pronounced change in your competitive positioning in emerging markets. So I'm just hoping for sort of a state of the union at the high level on what's pressuring their competitive position. Why we should believe you can prosper versus the local competition that's clearly cropping up to a greater extent in that timeframe and how you sort of manage differently in the context of that environment? Thanks.
Ian Cook: Well, a few things to say to all of that. Again, stepping back and taking the broader view, the issue we had to address and we're discussing often across last year coming into this year was the weakness in our developed world. And so, we are actually quite pleased with the progress we have made there particularly as the growth of our categories in those parts of the world is now moving back into a 2% range rather than the one or less that we were talking about before. So we think that's a very good, good progress. In the emerging markets, I challenge the notion of share weakening in fact as we try to demonstrate by going through some of our key markets. We are beginning to see sequential share progress in the key markets in those emerging countries. In a couple of cases, I mentioned in Latin America, we elected not to compete with promotional activity but those engineered it carried something like 11 gross margin. You can see volume and market share, we don't think it's economically rational to go chasing that kind of business. So you're making choices all of the time in those emerging markets. Emerging markets by the way where our market share is significantly advanced of our competitors. We've never ducked the fact that the local brands are having an effect in the emerging markets and we have said to some while that our response was going to be with naturals and naturals at a premium price because that was what was being effective in the marketplace. And we have now positioned our naturals offerings in those categories. I think the fundamental issue in the first quarter was the categories just slowed largely in Latin America because of an absence of pricing and you'll remember an awful lot of the near term growth in Latin America for all companies had been pricing driven. And in Asia, some destocking with the phenomenal growth of e-commerce particularly in China where by the way as John said, we are number one and building share and our e-commerce business was up some 67%. And behind all of that, when you do the rational work on, our people continuing to brush their teeth. The answer is yes and we continue to invest to bring new people into the category. So in terms of the category growth itself while it's slowed in the first quarter interestingly with the pick up in the developed markets our underlying category growth rate is about 2.5% and we expect those emerging markets to come back as pricing gets more rational. And meanwhile, we are sequentially building share and we are putting advertising behind it and we continue to have innovation behind it. We all wish these things moved in a straight line. But unfortunately, as I said on the last call they don't seem to. However, we don't think the model is broken and we think the same focus and activity and tools that we are deploying will be effective.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Wendy Nicholson of Citi Research.
Wendy Nicholson: Hi. Good morning. My question has to do with the U.S. market. First of all, the 5% sales growth that we saw, is it your read that there is any pipeline fill in that, is there any sell in that makes for a potential sequential slowdown in the second quarter inventory levels of trade et cetera et cetera. And then, the second question is, it feels like or it sounds like the growth in the U.S. has been driven or the recovery in your business in the U.S. has been driven more by your increased ad spending as opposed to really breakthrough or really meaningful innovation. I mean good innovation but nothing that's kind of like a total toothpaste or an [optic ride] [ph] or something like a big headline like that. And so can you just say is there anything specific to the advertising, is it just more dollars, is it more share of voice, are you doing more digital, is there something about the advertising that's making it particularly impactful? Thank you.
Ian Cook: Thanks Wendy. First, I would say North America obviously is cycling a weak first quarter of the product here where we suffered from destocking and the sharp slowdown of the category. So I would say we benefited from that underlying category growth rate in North America is about 2%. But there is certainly nothing in terms of an inventory build because of the activity. I would say it's year-on-year comparison and the strengthening growth rate in the categories. And as I said earlier with the investment we are putting behind the business and the innovation which we can judge, however, we want to judge it in the end, the consumer is the final arbiter and if the market share goes up its good innovation in my book. So that's really the story on North America, but nothing that says the underlying business performance would be disadvantaged over the balance of the year. Now on the advertising side, you have to think about these things holistically when the advertising as we have said before is not just about advertising the innovation, but it is advertising the basic benefits of a brand. Indeed it is sometimes advertising what we call brand purpose which is what a brand stands for. So we can run advertising that we call equity advertising that is very simple, very basic in the emerging markets talking to people having a future they can smile about on subjects like education, on subjects like water conservation on a basic anti-cavity benefit which may not sound glamorous and wildly different, but it's extremely emotionally persuasive and I think what we have come to which we believe is making our advertising more effective is that we've got this balance between the emotional connection with the consumer and the rational connection with the consumers. Certainly the quality of our advertising is increasing. And then, you look at the shift we have made to digital which gives you a lot more information in terms of how you address consumers and that is playing a role as well. And finally, I would say this year we will have completed a journey over three years which has seen us reduce the amount of money we spend in what we call non-working media by something like 15%, I'm sorry 25% to 30%. And of course that money then gets directed into what we call working media which is advertising consumers actually see. So in the same advertising to sales ratio, you have a shift of money away from non-working into working. So you get that additional benefit as well. But I think it's the type of advertising, it's the vehicles we're using for the advertising and that alongside the innovation. So it's not just throwing money, it is doing it in an intelligent way with a focus on making sure we have quality advertising vehicles with that money.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Stephen Powers of Deutsche Bank.
Stephen Powers: Great, thanks. Two fairly quick ones, if I could. I guess, the first as you mentioned at the outset, Ian, you started-off like CAGNY presentation saying that you had seen or you saw improving 2018 in terms of top line growth and that just suggested to me that we were off to a slightly better start to the year than we're seeing today. So I guess the first question just did you see something happen late in the quarter that might explain that or is this representative of the improvement you expected because it seems just a bit of a disconnect there? And then, on the gross margin outlook if I could, I think you said up to 50 basis points assuming some sequential reversal of oil from here. And I guess the question there is without cutting into investment spending how much flexibility do you foresee in the model this year if commodities don't cooperate. Thanks.
Ian Cook: Yes. Frankly, Steve which we did from CAGNY sea changes, actually the developed markets played out pretty much the way we would have expected. It was really in the emerging markets and it was this pricing activity which stepped up as the quarter unfolded and we had to take a position in terms of, would we respond or would we not respond? That took pricing out of the category, which led to the slowdown in the value growth rate of the category. So yes, it did unfold after CAGNY to our disappointment. Look in terms of flexibility on the year, we have the last year about global growth and efficiency program remaining and we have a very strong funding the growth program off to a very good start this year. Six new areas of fundamental development and funding the growth, which we are now tracking beyond the usual, and of course the pricing that I mentioned earlier. So we're working all of the internal angles to give us flexibility across the back half of the year, if our commodity forecasting does not pan out the way we expect it to, will obviously be close to how that unfolds as the year progresses. But we're pressing in all of the areas you would expect to give us the most flexibility we can get because as we said in the release, we are committed to increasing our advertising absolutely and as a percent of sales because of the quality of innovation we have and we believe the quality of advertising vehicles that we have across the portfolio.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jason English of Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: Hey, good morning folks.
Ian Cook: Hi, Jason.
Jason English: Thanks for let me ask a question. I've got one quick follow-up and then another question and I will try to jam in here. First, follow up on Dara's question, I think you pushed back Ian on his assertion that your market shares were softening somewhat in emerging markets. In your prepared remarks you certainly talked about the momentum and strength in some of your largest developed markets. Yes, when we look at your market share data that you guys disclosed and just look at toothpastes globally, it's down year-on-year. It's weakened from where you are -- what you last gave for fiscal '17. How do we put those two? And then, my second question is on Hill's overall, a lot of moving pieces in the U.S. pet landscape a lot of competitive turbulence, a lot of channel turbulence, a lot of it seems really reminiscent of P&G and [IEMs] [ph] with what General Mills is trying to do with Blue Buffalo that clearly creates some opportunities for you guys then. I know the landscape is a little bit different where the growth is, it shifted from pet specialty into online today. But is there reason to believe that some of this turbulence could once again create opportunities for you like it did back then?
Ian Cook: Well, let me take the second and then come down --come back to the first. On the Hill's strategy and model we have been very disciplined over the years as you know we have two businesses there, we have a wellness business for general use and we have a prescription business against specific conditions in pet. And we have limited our distribution to those outlets that have advisers for the consumers that allow them to make an intelligent choice. And of course, in the case of prescription respond to a script from a vet, interestingly e-commerce is a perfect channel for us because you can write anything you want and [patent as] [ph] we did all because they're absolutely fixated on the health of their pet. So given the scientific quality of the Hill's products, given the scientific benefits that has been demonstrated clinically and given the discipline we have in maintaining that connection with that we obviously are working very hard to take full advantage as we can of any opportunity in that landscape. One hates to predict that we will be doing our level best to do that. In terms of the market shares globally, yes the dollar share is down modestly actually the volume share on our business is effectively flat year-to-date year-on-year. And some of that pressure traces to Latin America. Because I mentioned that we had walked away from some promotional activity and what we are now seeing in the emerging markets I think we talked about it in fact that sequentially two places up in four of the five largest markets and toothbrushes up in all 5 from the fourth quarter. So again, we think the plans we're putting behind the business are making progress and we will keep driving that over the balance of the year.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Bonnie Herzog of Wells Fargo.
Bonnie Herzog: Thank you. I just have a few follow on questions. First, in North America wondering how much of the volume left in the quarter was driven by mixed impact via innovation and then realistically how sustainable is the strong growth that you had in the quarter given all the headwinds you mentioned this morning. And then commentary we've been hearing from others. And then, just a quick question on local competition in emerging markets and I realize you guys are working to innovate as a means of competing more effectively with some of the local competitors, but you guys think that's going to be enough. And have you considered being more proactive with M&A as ways to be more competitive in some of these markets. Thanks.
Ian Cook: Yes. Let's start with your first which is -- with North America. There's nothing substantively different in terms of the mix of the business coming into this year. I think the two fundamental factors are, the year-on-year comparison where we had a weak third quarter last year because of the slow down of the categories and the attendant inventory destocking as retail. So you've got a rebound in category growth which started in the fourth quarter and is now at a reasonable 2% underlying growth rate. We've got good quality innovation as we plan to have every year and we are building market share because of that innovation and because of the expenditure behind quality advertising in the business. But it would be fair to say that the first quarter itself benefits from year-on-year comparisons, but looking forward there is nothing about the underlying strength of the business that concerns us for our planning point of view over the balance of the year. And then, in terms of local competitors in emerging markets this is a journey, we have said when we started talking about naturals some time back that these offerings were at a premium price points. We think we have shaped some very interesting bundles although we talk about naturals in kind of a generic sense actually the offerings we have vary across the world to reflect local market preferences. And we are seeing progress; it's not going to be overnight. And I think it would be fair to say in the broadest sense Bonnie in terms of M&A look at what we have done over the years with Tom's of Maine or even the elmex brand in Europe, which had a dominant position in the Germanic countries. Certainly, if there are quality assets Tom's and the Gaba would have been a local brand in that definition. The relationship we have with Darlie in Asia is another local brand in that regard. That would certainly not be of a strategy in -- that would certainly not be off strategy. And interestingly a little bit of an aside, the Elta business one of those two personal care companies that we've bought is building -- has built a very strong business in China as an e-commerce business. So in addition with them, we are learning some interesting skills in building direct to consumer businesses online in China with imported product. So not completely off the list of possibilities Bonnie.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Kevin Grundy of Jefferies.
Kevin Grundy: Hey, good morning.
Ian Cook: Hi, Kevin.
Kevin Grundy: First, a detailed oriented question, so the industry growth rates now in emerging markets which you indicate are slowing. Do you have a specific number for us? I just would like a sort of a point of reference relative to the 0.5% organic sales growth in the quarter. And then, the broader question in emerging markets, are you comfortable with your investment levels in those markets, you have very attractive margins not every company can say that in some of these regions and is it possible that the cost of business is moving higher, investment levels need to move higher to compete with some of this local competition just to return Colgate to some of the growth rate that it's enjoyed in the past in some of these regions. So your comments there would be helpful. Thanks.
Ian Cook: Yes. Yes. Again, our -- how would I say our understanding of the slowdown in the emerging markets is not that we see this as a permanent slowdown, but as I mentioned before in the developed world, we have now seen category growth rates move up into the 2% range historically they had been one and lower. So that's good news. In the emerging markets what we saw was mid-single digits move down to something in the 2.5% to 3% range. And then, of course you have the destocking that goes with that kind of slow down. And largely, that was in most markets pricing driven because of that promotional intensity that I mentioned. Now the underlying usage of consumers is the same. And interestingly, if you profile our categories around the world and our geographic mix, if those emerging markets were to stay at 3% let's say, and the developed world at 2%, if you look at our mix of the world, our underlying category growth rate would still be 2.5%, if as we expect those emerging markets come back because we will have the opportunity to price and given our strength and the category that will lift the value of the category then you could expect the underlying market growth rate will move north of 2.5%. Now from an investment point of view, when we think about advertising as I have mentioned before, we do it from the bottom up. And so we do it by geography, by activity, by product in our portfolio and that ends up in a ratio, we don't work the ratio down through the income statement. So our first quarter advertising was slightly off the highest of last year on a ratio basis happen to be higher than the average of last year. And you can imagine in our priority markets, it is higher still and we think and believe certainly from a share of boy's point of view and a consumer engagement point of view we have an adequacy certainly of investment in those market places we need to capitalize on e-commerce, which I think we're saying we are doing and we need to continue to build these naturals offerings around the world in the emerging markets. But I think it's more building what we have than the need for absolutely more dollar investment. The pleasing thing with much of this innovation in the emerging markets now is that -- it's at a premium level which gives you investment opportunity underneath that.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ali Dibadj from Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj: Hey Guys.
Ian Cook: Hey Ali.
Ali Dibadj: Hey. I guess I'm still a little confused about what Colgate's on a root problem is. Despite all the micro positives you described in the prepared remarks and some confidence here and certainly some conference, the CAGNY conference results are clearly not what you expected, not what we expected, they're pretty tough, right? And I get that you can blame the category growth, but consistently as you tell your competitors as well when you are 40% plus of the category and in the series of leaders. And instead, we're actually starting to hear kind of different things from you guys saying something and then what we've seen the numbers is slightly different. So advertising I guess we were seeing for the year. I do when I get the bottom up approach but advertising was supposed to be up as a percent of sales already, right? It's not, it's actually down. Gross margin is 50 to 75 that it was now up to 50 and commodities frankly from CAGNY haven't changed that much. FX has gotten better and should have helped you on gross margins. We thought top-line certainly from our previous discussions would accelerate already. Top-line is decelerating, pricing those supposed to be up, remains challenging, your comps get tougher here. Innovation was already supposed to help, but dollar shares are actually down in India, China and U.K. and Russia and Mexico where we were hoping innovations would help. And this isn't kind of a temporary thing it sounds like it doesn't sound like they're one-timer or like we'd heard about last year. It sounds like it might be tougher longer term and that's a struggle, personally if I look at the stock today, I guess I think you guys dodged a bazooka, I was going to say bullet, but I think you guys dodged the bazooka a little bit because investors are starting to I guess they're continuing to blame the things that are out of your control. But a lot of things are in your control aren't coming in like we expected. And so, I guess going back to the core question, I just -- I'm still scratching my head about what the root cause of the issues are. You can talk about one-off things that we're trying to do but I struggles with the root causes. And should investors continue to give the stock -- the generous benefit of the doubt it's been getting so far and why?
Ian Cook: That's it. Don't know where to start really. I think in business in general you have to put everything in context. You make the assertion that these are root problems with the company. We pay pretty close attention to the pressures others in our space and other spaces have in this operating environment. You challenged on the fourth quarter this notion of pricing being negative and the underlying question was with pricing negative. Would this put pressure on margins, and therefore, in addition to the share commentary the model could no longer be effective. So we have tried to explain that the pressure point was the developed world which is where everybody has been focused. We feel quite pleased with the progress over the 18 month period and we think those two businesses and the underlying category growth is favorable for us going forward. And then, we end up with this heightened activity in some emerging markets pressing price and leading to category slowdown. And you make some choices that in some cases we chose short term not to chase economically we thought unviable volume and you take a short-term share hit and you take a volume hit. Faced with the same set of circumstances, we would on balance make the same decision. And when we look at the shape of the structure of our business we see pricing now flat which is not common in our industry space. We thought the gross profit we would have liked to have done better if we had pricing. But we thought that was quite contained and we kept very competitive spending on the table running through the income statement. We never said that the spending was going to be up on a ratio basis starting January 1st. We said we were going to increase our spending and keep that money on the table to build the business. So when you break these things down, unfortunately, there is no simple single silver bullet that says problem solution you have to manage many moving parts. And as I have said before this is not moving in a straight line that the underlying consumer behavior is still there. The medium term growth potential we have with a growing middle class in the emerging markets is still there. We have an innovation profile to allow us to build market share in those categories while we now have strengthened our developed countries. So, while the first quarter was not what we expected, which it seems to me we were in reasonable company in that regard. We think the plans we had for the year allow us to deliver the progress that we have committed to for the year and the underlying consumer behaviors are still sound and solid. And we have brand strength to compete.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Olivia Tong of Bank of America.
Ian Cook: Olivia?
Olivia Tong: Hi. Can you hear me? Hello?
Ian Cook: I couldn't but I can now, yes.
Olivia Tong: Okay, perfect. My question goes back to North America because obviously that was quite a bit better than many of us had expected and certainly better than what track channel data would have implied. So were there particular categories that drove this particular more off obviously in untracked and tracked. And flipping a prior question in the other way did retailers destock too far in the past and now they're actually restocking back to normal levels? And then following on that, North American pricing looked obviously better and given what Procter's said about Kress last week would be curious what your view is on North American pricing from here. Because just in our channel checks both online and off, we're seeing some pretty meaningful price promotions particularly with larger packs at the premium end. So we just love your commentary on that. Thank you.
Ian Cook: Yes. Again, I think North America is largely influenced by the year-on-year comparison. Last year the categories were declining and retailers were destocking. And we saw in their organic growth decline mid-single digits. This year, the category -- the underlying category growth rates have moved up into the 2% range, healthy for developed world standards. We are building our market shares in six categories are flat in one more. And we have put advertising behind that to do that. And we have -- we said in the fourth quarter we had reacted to some pricing in category specific challenges and we've managed intelligently to we think handle that in a balanced way. So the underlying category growth rate in North America is around 2%. And as I said earlier, we don't expect anything to change that underlying strength of our now re-established North American business. Interestingly from an inventory point of view we continue to see retailers work down inventory but on our businesses for this quarter in a more measured way or a more modest way than we saw in the first quarter of last year when the categories were actually in decline. But the quest for efficiency is still very much there and we participate year-on-year with retailers in that regard.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Nik Modi of RBC Capital Markets.
Nik Modi: Yes. Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Ian Cook: Hi, Nik.
Nik Modi: I just wanted to ask you - hi, how are you. I just wanted to ask a question about culture, I mean Colgate has historically been known to be a very thoughtful company as it relates to capital allocation and just business strategy in general maybe on the conservative end. And that was -- that worked well, your returns are high and margins are high, but the environment is changing dramatically and business as usual doesn't seem like it's working. So I was just curious on your thoughts as the CEO of this company and culture and risk tolerance and how you think about that
Ian Cook: Well, very carefully, I guess is the first answer. We realize the world is changing, but we think we need to be disciplined in managing our company over time. In other words, we think this is an era for urgency, but not a panic. And so it's easy to throw out a lot of what I say make work to window dress the issues we're all dealing with. And we still very much believe in the fundamentals and in the fundamentals of these kind of businesses where people use your products every day, the benefits the product provides are important to their health and wellness not their everyday usage of products. So you need to build brands and you need to find ways of making a connection and you need to find ways of bringing the next generation of users into the business. Now that is being disrupted in no end of ways, how would you communicate, how would you sell, and so on. And we think -- we're doing quite a lot in all of those areas with a view to building our brands and building value while we do that. Now our risk tolerance in capital allocation is, I think quite balanced. I think we have demonstrated if you take the M&A space for example, I think quite a good track record of identifying good quality assets bringing them into the portfolio and building them over time and in building them building the overall company. We continue to be very focused in that area like much else in life, it does not move in a straight line and we do not choose to be cavalier and panicky in the allocation of our capital in that regard. That may not be a fashionable thing to say today, but we think in terms of the underlying health of the company, it's the right position to take. So urgency we get and we are changing and have been changing a lot of things with this restructuring program we started a few years back and we continue to change a lot of things, but we resist the temptation to panic and make work for effect rather than for the long-term health of the business. And we're always trying to balance the long-term with the short-term.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Bill Chappell of SunTrust.
Bill Chappell: Good afternoon.
Ian Cook: Hey, Bill. Good afternoon, yes.
Bill Chappell: Ian, can you just talk a little bit maybe about trends since the end of the quarter, I guess talking about growth rebounding as we move sequentially through the rest of the year. Didn't know if you've seen a bottoming out kind of in emerging markets and also maybe with that a little more color on Australia. I know that's been weak for quite some time with the retail landscape. So didn't know if something changed intra quarter, or it's more we're just going to be lapping kind of the changes as we move into next quarter.
Ian Cook: I'm afraid Australia has been a case literally of as you know the two major retailers there control much of the marketplace. And there has been I would say a battle for shoppers between two of them. And we have from a joint business planning point of view trying to be accommodative but disciplined and we think we will finally cycle that by the end of the second quarter. I guess that's the simple way of saying that In terms of trends, all I can say is, the second quarter has started a better click for us and that I hope traces to category information which is as you know we see on a lagged basis and I can't offer any comment at this time.
Operator: We will take our next question from Jonathan Feeney of Consumer Edge.
Jonathan Feeney: Good morning. Thanks very much. I wanted to dig in on China. It's been a little bit of a tough market for a while and particularly called the volume decline and it struck me that I know China historically has been a real high e-commerce adoption market. And I was wondering if you could comment about your performance in e-commerce in China versus the market broadly. Are you doing better or worse there? Is there anything related to that that's created challenges for you and does that tell you anything about any other markets, maybe strategies you've deployed there or experiences you have had that might be an indicator of what e-com development looks like in other markets? Thank you.
Ian Cook: Yes. Good question, Jonathan. It's interesting in our Hill's business e-commerce is an important part of the business in the developed world, North America and Europe. In the traditional Colgate business, the growth of e-commerce has been relatively modest, I would say in the developed world so far even though we are deploying resource against it. But in China, it has been quite explosive as you have Alibaba and Tencent and frankly 80 other platforms in China to go after from an e-commerce point of view, I think I mentioned earlier our Asia e-commerce business which is largely China was up some 67%. We lead from a market share point of view e-commerce and indeed have made sequential progress month-on-month in terms of share increases this year. And I think interestingly two things to say in terms of skills. Number one, we believe we can and we are working very hard to do this build a very important part of our business in China with imported products. So marketplace direct to consumer like the Gaba products, elmex that we have just brought to China like a pallet toothbrush that we have brought to China. And like the Elta product, I was mentioning earlier where actually they have people they work with distributors in China that have very good capabilities. So the thrust of your question is the right one which is that we think there's lots to learn in China. It's an important part of where we are focused and we are thinking about it quite broadly beyond even the businesses we sell pure brick and mortar in China and we're doing it as a business building exercise, but of course it becomes a bit of a learning lab as well. And we can transfer those learnings and those skills to other parts of the world.
Operator: We will take our next question from Lauren Lieberman from Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: Thank you.
Ian Cook: Hey, Lauren.
Lauren Lieberman: Hey. So it wasn't great, I wanted to just talk one thing we haven't touched on yet which is and we don't talk about much which is the personal care and home care businesses and I just been wondering a little bit perhaps about I guess one kind of broad strokes like share performance in those businesses in emerging markets, if the competitive environment has changed for those at all? And then I guess also underlined that in Mexico when you talked about some of the competitive activity you chose not to participate in what category that was in?
Ian Cook: Yes. Well, I would say the personal care business is in relatively good shape. We have strong brands. We talk about Sanex. We talk about Palmolive's. We have the Protex brand. And then in homecare, we have different brands in different categories. But our primary two categories are fabric softener and the dish liquid. Now when you look at the competitive activity in Latin America, oral care was one business, but then homecare was the other business because from a pure volume point of view, the purchase frequency of homecare products is higher than the purchase frequency of personal care products. If you're looking to drive volume from promotion that is a shorter term play. So we indeed did see a stepped up promotional activity on the homecare businesses. And again, we decide whether to play or not to play and if the margin is destructive and then frankly we don't. And we will rebuild the businesses with the innovation flow that we that we have. So that was a factor in Latin America.
Operator: And we have no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back over to our speakers for any additional or closing comments.
Ian Cook: This is Ian. Thank you for joining the call. And we look forward to reconnecting with you after the second quarter. Thanks.
Operator: That does conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-01-26 11:00:00) =====
Executives: John Faucher - IR  Ian Cook - Chairman, CEO and President
Analysts: Dara Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Andrea Teixeira - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Caroline Levy - Macquarie Research Sunil Modi - RBC Capital Markets Bonnie Herzog - Wells Fargo Securities Jason Gere - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. Kevin Grundy - Jefferies LLC Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Stephen Powers - Deutsche Bank AG Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research William Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Lauren Lieberman - Barclays PLC Mark Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company
Operator: Good day, and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company's Fourth Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgatepalmolive.com. Now for opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to the Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, John Faucher. Please go ahead, John.
John Faucher: Thanks, Lisa. Good morning, and welcome to our fourth quarter earnings release conference call. This is John Faucher, Senior Vice President for Investor Relations. Joining me this morning are, Ian Cook, Chairman, President and CEO; Dennis Hickey, CFO; Henning Jakobsen, Vice President and Corporate Controller; and Elaine Paik, Vice President and Treasurer. Today's conference call will include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from these statements. Please refer to the earnings press release and our more recent filings with the SEC, including our 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings, all available on Colgate's website, for a discussion of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these statements. This conference call will also include a discussion of non-GAAP financial measures, including those identified in Tables 8 and 9 of the earnings press release. A full reconciliation to the corresponding GAAP financial measures is included in the earnings press release and is available on Colgate's website.
Ian Cook: Thanks, John. Good morning, everybody. Belated Happy New Year. As has been our custom for a little while now, I'd like to provide some introductory thoughts, and I intend them to be framed on the fourth quarter results and our thinking for 2018. You will recall on the last call and, indeed, the one before that, we talked about 4 areas of business focus for the company, increased advertising spending behind more impactful creative innovation across the business but especially naturals in toothpaste, which I will come back to; working with all retail partners, especially e-commerce; and then, finally, aggressively maximizing productivity up and down the income statement. And those remain our 4 areas of our business focus. But to talk more specifically about the fourth quarter and 2018, let me start by saying that while our organic sales performance in the quarter improved sequentially versus the third, the rate of improvement was modestly less than we expected and comes despite what we see as sequential improvement in growth rates for our categories and importantly, improved market share performance as we work our way through the quarter. That's, of course, particularly true for our Oral Care business where we made significant incremental advertising investments across the second half of last year. So let me focus specifically on 4 things, which, hopefully, will give you some clarity on the progress we believe we're making. First, category growth. As we discussed on the third quarter call, we continue to see improvement in category growth across many parts of the year -- the world. If we look at the U.S., growth in the categories in which we compete improved from being down slightly in the first half to 1% in the third quarter and 1.6% in the fourth quarter. In Asia Pacific, we saw a second half acceleration in toothpaste category growth in key markets like China, the Philippines, Southeast Asia and Australasia. And in Europe, we are seeing initial signs that our categories are strengthening with the improvement in growth driven by Oral Care. And very interestingly, this morning, the scanner data for the last 4 weeks in Europe just issued, which show our sales, on a consumption basis, up around 7.5% and our toothpaste market share, up a full point. So all signs we see of an improvement in category growth. Secondly, on top of that category growth, we continue to focus on growing our market share. This is one of the key reasons for our increased advertising over 2017 and, as we said in the release, continuing into 2018. And we do believe we are seeing initial signs of this paying off as our market share performance is improving in many of the key markets where we have ramped up the advertising. We're seeing it in Europe. And during the fourth quarter, we gained market share year-over-year in 6 categories. Through the third quarter, we were not gaining share in any categories. And it is broad-based. It is beyond simply a reinstatement in one retailer in the western parts of Europe. In Brazil, we posted a 73% market share in the fourth quarter. In fact, in December, our market share was 73.7%, which is basically tied for the highest share we've -- we ever had in that country. And we gained market share year-over-year. I would also say that our market share in Mexico is back up to 83%. And we continue to spend behind new launches as well, including the Colgate Naturals offerings. In Russia, which, under the name Ancient Secrets, has a very unique and differentiated advertising campaign. We're seeing very strong performance. We have seen nationally the market share build to over 2 percentage points with distribution building. It is adding to the overall share in Russia, which we have seen grow for the last 3 periods. And indeed, in some of the retail outlets, where you build faster distribution, we have seen market shares north of 3% and approaching 4% with penetration, thereby, trial building very, very nicely. We've seen our Naturals offerings in China just under 1 share point. We've seen them in India approaching 1 share point; and in the Morgan trade, approaching 2 share points. So we believe these businesses are off to a good start from a concept point of view, supported the point I was starting with, with compelling advertising and seeing that in our market shares. So we're seeing improvements in the category growth rates and market shares, which, of course, is leading to increase consumption, which you see in the scanner data, particularly here in North America. And we think that increase in consumption is going to support, and I'll come back to organic sales for 2018, but is going to support our ambitions for organic growth in 2018. And suffice it to say, that is, of course, our #1 priority. Another area for us in 2018 is acting with greater speed and agility. You may recall, when we began our journey on the Global Growth and Efficiency Program, we said that one of the underlying objectives was speed and agility. And we have made quite a few changes over the last several years, which is opening up opportunity in that area. And clearly, the way the world is moving, whether it's e-commerce, digital in general or the local brands, we are committed to moving more rapidly. And this is not just true around innovation; it's about how we go about doing everything in the company. I mentioned briefly on the third quarter call this Colgate Dare to Love toothpaste cocreated with one of our e-commerce partners in China. And I just came back from China, actually, and we created the product in a very short period of time, around 5 months. It was our largest and fastest-selling multipack on the 11/11 Singles' Day in China and the single biggest growth driver in our portfolio for this online retailer. Now interestingly, it has additional benefits. It brings us to a younger female millennial user with a higher wealth program. So the combination of our advertising and the offering itself sees us broaden our reach in terms of consumers. We've also brought greater speed and agility to how we go about our digital marketing efforts. I've mentioned before our consumer engagement centers, which are truly always on as we listen to what's happening in real time online, quickly engaging with consumers. And our increased digital media investment and focus on faster, easier ways to test and improve the creative has led to significant improvements in return on investments over the year. And this has helped us increase our e-commerce market share leadership in toothpaste in the U.S. for both the fourth quarter and the full year. I would say, editorially, is that our e-commerce business, in general, was up just under 60% for the full year. And finally, although it may seem a minor area to you, packaging development for us is an enormous part of what goes behind bringing our products to the marketplace. And we have completely reengineered our packaging process to get our products from design brief to the shelf in about 1/2 of the time and about 1/3 lower cost across our packaging systems all around the world. So the third area of operating focus is speed and agility. And obviously, the last area I'd like to come back to is productivity. We have a strong history of margin expansion, and we expect that to continue going forward. Our margins have been under pressure across our industry over the past year or so, and we know we need to push productivity aggressively. Now our productivity efforts start with funding-the-growth, and we have seen and did see in the fourth quarter increased logistics costs given fuel and availability, and indeed, raw material costs stayed at about the third quarter level but due to hurricanes and the price of oil resins and given pulp packaging going up beyond our initial estimations for the fourth quarter. So through our funding-the-growth program, we are working to reduce these costs through many digital platforms interestingly to see us real time looking at what our logistics providers are paying for fuel, allowing us to economize, and at the same time, using new technologies, like Uber Freight, where we are a founding participant, to improve service and manage volatility. And I'll come back to funding-the-growth when we go through the margin roll forward. And as we talked about on our last call, we remain resolutely focused on maximizing our Global Growth and Efficiency Program to streamline our cost structure. The key, of course, is to focus on where we think we're going to be in the future and organize for that, so that we can meet those changes head on. For example, we, in the last 4 months, have just redesigned our supply chain organization to become organized by region while keeping the central capability, which allows us, again, to respond more speedily to local market needs while still leveraging at global scale and capability. The productivity is not just about cutting costs. We also think it's about simplification, which is a very big area of focus for the company. And for example, while we are launching new products like the Naturals I just mentioned, we're also focused on reducing the complexity of our business by eliminating less productive SKUs. This allows us to be more efficient and effective in bringing these products to the marketplace. Now if we look at our SKUs on a global basis, we see them down about 7% on a global basis and our range of reduction is from 12% at the high end and, in case of one division, a modest increase. But overall, a 7% reduction in SKUs globally at the time we're bringing innovation to the marketplace, which allows you to put the more productive SKUs on the shelf and, therefore, get more productive consumption and sales velocity from them. And as we go through that, we see an average improvement in offtake productivity approaching 7%. So those are the key takeaways I'd like to leave you with as we reflect on 2017 and more importantly, look at what we need to do to further accelerate profitable growth in 2018. Now before I turn it back to John who has stayed for all of this, I wanted to discuss our longer-term outlook for top line growth, which many of you have asked me about at conferences and on past conference calls. Now before this year, we have consistently delivered against our 4% to 7% long-term organic revenue growth target, although as we have seen more towards the lower end since the financial crisis. You may recall that, that range was determined when global growth for our categories was around 4% to 5% per year on a fairly consistent basis. Of course, if you look at our categories over the last 12 to 18 months, they've been growing at roughly a 2% rate, slightly up, as I commented earlier, in the fourth quarter. But the 2% we've been operating in was developed markets moving closer to 0 with developing markets coming down from a high single digits to the mid-single digits. Now while we believe these growth rates are beginning to improve, we think it's appropriate to plan with an assumption that category growth rate will be below those heavy historical levels even if it's greater than what we've seen in the most recent past. So as we look forward, starting with 2018, we think it more probable that our categories will grow in a 2% to 4% range. And on top of this growth, we believe that we will return to consistent market share growth behind the strength of our brands, our increased investment, our ability to innovate and in our market execution. And we believe, from a consumption point of view, we're already seeing signs of that. So this combination of category growth and market share growth should put us in the range of 3% to 5% top line organic growth rate, and that's the stance we are taking for 2018 and beyond. Now obviously, we will be doing our level-best to help bring our categories back to the higher growth rates. But for now, we think that prudence is warranted. And clearly, if the growth rates accelerate, that's a good problem to have. Mr. Faucher?
John Faucher: Thanks, Ian. After providing some general commentary on the quarter, I will briefly go into some detail on divisional performance. I will then provide some further detail on our outlook for 2018 before opening up for your questions. As Ian said, we showed progress in the fourth quarter on our efforts to reaccelerate top line growth. We showed sequential improvement in net sales growth in key markets, like the U.S., Western Europe and India. Furthermore, our takeaway trends, as shown in syndicated data, improved at a greater rate with sequential improvement in market share in key markets. We exit 2017 with Q4 representing our highest growth quarter of the year in net sales, organic sales and volume. Net sales are up 4.5% in the quarter versus Q4 2016 with 3% volume growth, minus 1% pricing and a 2.5% foreign exchange benefit. Organic sales growth was 2% in the fourth quarter, continuing the sequential improvement we saw on the third quarter. On a GAAP basis, our gross profit margin was down 60 basis points year-over-year. Excluding the impact of our Global Growth and Efficiency Program, it was down 40 basis points year-over-year. We delivered strong funding-the-growth savings in the quarter, which mostly offset higher raw material costs, while pricing was a negative impact to gross margin. On a GAAP basis, our operating profit margin was down 200 basis points year-over-year in Q4. Excluding the impact of our Global Growth and Efficiency Program in both periods and the 2016 litigation matter, our operating profit margin was down 190 basis points driven primarily by an increase in advertising investment. On a dollar basis, advertising investment was up 24% year-over-year in Q4. As Ian mentioned in the press release, we intend to continue to spend behind our brands in 2018 with a focus on our base business, new products and consumption building activities. On a GAAP basis, diluted earnings per share of $0.37 was down 46% year-over-year in Q4. Excluding the impact of our Global Growth and Efficiency Program in both periods, U.S. tax reform and the 2016 litigation matter, diluted earnings per share was flat year-over-year at $0.75. For 2017, we returned more than $2.9 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. Now moving to the divisions. We'll start off with North America. In Q4, we saw a sequential improvement versus the third quarter in volume, net sales and organic sales growth in North America. Net sales were up 1% in the quarter with organic sales up 1% driven volume growth of 4.5% and pricing of minus 3.5%, while foreign exchange was even with the year ago period. We continue to see significant pricing pressure in the liquid hand soap and hand dish categories. Category growth rates in the U.S. continue to improve sequentially with every category, except power toothbrush, posting faster growth in the second half of '17 versus the first half of '17. In Oral Care, we widened our market share leadership in toothpaste and toothbrushes in the U.S. In toothpaste, after seeing declines year-over-year in the first half of the year, our market share increased year-over-year in the fourth quarter driven by our premium brands, including Colgate Optic White and Tom's of Maine. Now we'll look at Latin America. Latin America delivered 4% net sales growth in the quarter driven by a combination of 4% volume growth and 1.5% foreign exchange, while pricing was minus 1.5%. Organic sales for the division grew 2.5%. Net sales growth in Latin America was driven by Mexico and Brazil. In Mexico, our volume declines were more than offset by positive pricing. We gained toothpaste market share versus Q4 2016 behind our Kids line and Triple Action Xtra Freshness. Our double-digit net sales growth in Brazil was driven by strong volume performance. And as Ian mentioned, our toothpaste shares in Brazil are improving behind increased advertising support, effective merchandising and new products. Brazil also benefited from the launch of Colgate Total mouth rinse, which has added two points to our mouth rinse market share since its Q3 launch. In 2018, Brazil should benefit from several new Oral Care product launches in the high-growth pharmacy channel, along with a robust Personal Care pipeline. Moving to Europe, Europe continues to show strong sequential improvement in Q4 with net sales growth of 13%. Organic sales grew 4%, our best organic sales performance in Europe since first quarter 2010, driven by 6% volume growth with negative 2% pricing. Foreign exchange is favorable by 9% in the quarter. While our price business benefited from lapping against easy comparisons, the volume growth in Europe continued to be broad-based. We saw particular strength in Southern and Western Europe, Poland and the Nordic countries. Europe saw a significant step-up in advertising spending in the quarter versus the prior year, and we believe this is paying off in sequential improvement in market shares as well as in organic sales growth. In Germany, our largest market in Europe, we have gained a full point of market share year-to-date in toothpaste with our year-over-year share gains accelerating in the fourth quarter driven by strength in the elmex and meridol brands. Last quarter, we mentioned the success of our launch of Colgate Natural Extracts line in Europe, and sales for Colgate Natural Extracts continued to come in ahead of our expectations. The Naturals category is relatively underdeveloped in toothpaste in Europe, and we are looking to launch Colgate Naturals in more markets in 2018 to drive incremental growth. Sanex continued to deliver solid growth behind the 0% line, while our French fabric softener business, Soupline, which is the market leader in that country, continued its strong growth through premium innovation. Next is Asia Pacific. Net sales in Asia Pacific were up 6% in the quarter with organic sales up 2.5%. Net sales growth was driven by a combination of pricing and volume growth, while foreign exchange added 3.5%. Our net sales growth was driven primarily by India and Greater China. Our volume in India was up double digits as we lap demonetization in the year ago period. India also benefited from positive pricing, and we continue to see benefits from our launches in the Naturals space with Colgate Cibaca Vedshakti and Colgate Swarna Vedshakti driving incremental sales. In Greater China, negative volume was offset by positive pricing, and we continue to benefit from growth in e-commerce where we have market share leadership. The Africa/Eurasia division reported net sales growth of 2% in Q4 as positive foreign exchange offset a slight decline in volume, while pricing was even with the year ago period. We saw volume growth in our Sub-Saharan Africa business as we lap last year's distributor changes. We also delivered solid volume growth in Russia driven by the continued benefit from our Q3 launch of Colgate Ancient Secrets toothpaste, as Ian mentioned. As we called out on our Q3 conference call, the volume weakness this quarter was primarily driven by economic softness in the Middle East. And we'll finish up with Hill's. Hill's delivered 2.5% net sales growth in the fourth quarter driven by a combination of positive pricing and foreign exchange, while volume was even with the year ago period. Organic sales grew 0.5%. We continue to see strong growth in e-commerce in developed markets. In particular, we are seeing strong share gains on e-commerce in the United States with Prescription Diet. We are also seeing rapid growth in several of our emerging markets, particularly Russia and Latin America. In the United States, both volume and pricing were up slightly. We have seen modest improvement in consumption trends in the pet specialty channel, but the dynamics in this channel remained difficult. I am also pleased to announce that earlier this month, we closed 2 premium skincare transactions, PCa Skin and EltaMD. Both companies are delivering significant top line growth in the professional skincare channel and in e-commerce. Now we'll turn to our outlook for 2018. As stated in our press release, we expect net sales growth to increase mid-single digits in 2018. We expect organic sales to be up low to mid-single digits with improvement in our growth rate versus the second half of 2017. We are encouraged by our volume growth over the second half of 2017, and we plan for a combination of pricing and volume growth for 2018. On a GAAP basis, we expect gross margin to be up 75 to 125 basis points in 2018. Excluding the impact of our Global Growth and Efficiency Program, we expect our gross margin to be up 50 to 75 basis points as a combination of pricing and productivity from our funding-the-growth initiatives should more than offset higher raw material costs. We expect another year of increased advertising spending in 2018, both on an absolute basis and as a percentage of net sales. We still see significant opportunity to spend behind our core brands, support new product launches and drive consumption in emerging markets. Now moving over to the impact of recent U.S. tax reform. On both a GAAP basis and excluding the impacts from our Global Growth and Efficiency Program, we expect our tax rate to be in the range of 26% to 27% in 2018. We expect GAAP earnings per share to be up double digits for the year. Excluding charges related to the Global Growth and Efficiency Program and the onetime charge resulting from U.S. tax reform, we expect earnings per share growth to be around 10%. And with that, we'll open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We'll go first to Dara Mohsenian of Morgan Stanley.
Dara Mohsenian: So first, I just wanted to get a little clarification of your prepared remarks. I mean, you mentioned market share improved sequentially throughout the quarter. But I'm assuming overall market share result was less than you originally expected, particularly in emerging markets, given you mentioned the organic sales growth was weaker than you expected. So is that the right way to interpret your comments? Or were you trying to say that there's a lot of destocking going on at retail or at the consumer level? I just wanted a bit of clarification there. And hopefully, that doesn't count as a real question because the real question is more around organic sales and the slowdown we saw in emerging markets sequentially on a year-over-year basis or even more so on a two-year basis. It just seems pretty striking in the face of much higher advertising, the greater innovation you mentioned, the execution tweaks, et cetera, so it feels like something has changed here. So can you help me sort of understand the markets, you're trends in emerging markets, why we're not seeing more improvement, particularly given it looks like we're already seeing rebounding trends in developed markets? And then related to that, how does this sort of change the way you manage the emerging market business from here? Do you have to invest more on price, be more judicious with price increases, particularly given the Latin American pricing decline this quarter?
Ian Cook: Well, thank you for the four questions, Dara. Where to start? I think I'll start with the bigger questions, which is the emerging markets and the market shares and growth. It's interesting, when you -- today, we're focused very much on price, if you take of the big picture view and go back over the last several years when transaction costs and commodity costs were forcing pricing, there was the reduction in the contribution of volume to the organic growth. And much concern expressed in terms of how to regain volume momentum and find that balance between pricing and volume. And in the emerging markets, that kind of effort never comes in a straight line, particularly when you have pockets of competitive activity maybe with competitors who also are in the developed world looking to challenge growth more aggressively in the emerging markets. So in terms of our business in those emerging markets, that's really the challenge. The challenge is the price versus the volume. John mentioned Brazil. And we have opportunities to fine tune our strategy in the emerging markets on price. We also have the opportunity in the emerging markets to react, too, particularly in Asia, the local brands where that innovation is at a significant premium to the average pricing in the market, which, obviously, drives the value of the market and then your performance from a share point of view. And we have a very broad portfolio because we service all consumers in those markets, the ones coming into the category, which John has talked many times, about our ability to get penetration and consumption up for the long haul and then trading them up the curve. So I think the second way we're thinking about the emerging markets beyond balancing price and volume is building that penetration and usage. I don't think it changes the way we think about the emerging markets at all, and that's why we are focused on those two things. What you do get in the emerging markets is, as you saw from John's comments about Saudi on the third quarter call and what we've seen in the fourth quarter, you get bumps along the way. They are not as predictable. Indeed, I'm not sure any of the world is as predictable as we might want it to be. And so these things aren't going to move in a straight line and regrettably, perhaps not as quickly as certainly you might want. So that would be my answer on the emerging markets. In terms of share performance in the fourth quarter, actually, we feel quite good about the share performance in the fourth quarter. Obviously, you have the difficulty in the developed world of the measured and the nonmeasured channels. We do quite well in the nonmeasured channels as well. I think the key thing in the developed world is the underlying category growth rates, and that's why we are encouraged, perhaps aided a bit, by our innovation and the investments we're putting behind category stimulation that we're starting to see that come back. If that continues to trend the way we have seen it coming out of the fourth quarter, I think that's going to be an important part of driving potential in the developed world.
Operator: We'll go next to Jason Gere of KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Jason Gere: I guess, Ian, I was just wondering if you could talk maybe about overall company price deflation. I think this is the first time in maybe 6 years that we actually saw prices in negative. And I know from time to time, the U.S. and Europe have been a little bit more of an investment market. But usually, you've had the offsets in other markets. So as you think about that low to mid-single-digit growth, what's your outlook on total price as a contributor? And how do you balance that right now when you are seeing the rising, I guess, raw material prices? Do you take comfort that more of your portfolio is Personal Care versus household? Or I think you might be impacting a little bit more. So I was just wondering if you could provide a little bit of color around price and the impact on sales as well as margins.
Ian Cook: Thanks. Let me use this opportunity to comment margin by doing the gross profit roll forward, and then I will come back to price as we think about it for 2018. So if we take the gross margin roll forward, the gross margin in the fourth quarter 2016 was 60.8%. Pricing in the fourth quarter of this year was a negative of 40 basis points. Interestingly, funding-the-growth and a very, very modest contribution from restructuring, together, offset a negative 2.6 points of material prices, the ones that I talked about earlier, basically, resins and cardboards packaging, and that led to the 40 basis points reduction year-on-year, although still north of 60% at 60.4%. The comment I want to make of this and then come back to pricing is we were very pleased with our funding-the-growth delivery in the fourth quarter. You know well, some tracking us over the years, that our funding-the-growth savings filled across of the year. But 260 basis points, 2.6 points in the fourth quarter is meaningfully higher than we tend to generate in historical years. Any point being that we have doubled down on driving funding-the-growth projects. And we think in that area of focus, we're quite well positioned for 2018. Now come back to pricing itself. Obviously, the biggest pressure on pricing, as you saw, was North America and, as it customarily is, Europe. The North America, we talked about some categories being under pressure from a promotional activity point of view, very specifically liquid hand soap and dish. And we said we were going to have to meet that activity in the third, and it continued into the fourth quarter. And we have seen a share response quarter-on-quarter positive for both businesses. And couponing was a factor for us in the fourth quarter as well as we edge pricing up in toothpaste. We think that the raw material underlying pressures will inform the marketplace in general about a need to ameliorate promotional intensity to be able to absorb those costs. And we certainly believe that in the emerging markets, we have the pricing power that we have always demonstrated to be able to offset those costs with pure price. And that is something we know how to do and we have done in the past. So it comes back to John's point about our growth in 2018 being a balance between volume and pricing. And we think we are positioned to be able to accomplish that developing markets we have done before, and on the other side, the funding-the-growth initiatives we have are deep and rich, and we leave 2017 with very good momentum in that space. And I would say, just to repeat, we are looking for our gross margin to increase by 50 to 75 basis points in 2018 in the face of the environment we're in.
Operator: We'll go next to Andrea Teixeira of JPMorgan.
Andrea Teixeira: So I'd like to drill on pricing and sharing return. Were you able to reinvest in pricing in Mexico and Central America? Or is that mostly concentrated in Brazil cash and carry? I asked in relation to your declining products in Mexico and Central America where volumes rebounded in Brazil and in June. So is that due to the new price instruction -- structure, sorry? Or is that related to destocking in some of your large clients in Mexico who happen to be also the U.S., your large U.S. clients, in many cases? So in other words, embedded in your top line guidance, are you expecting volumes to change slightly in Mexico, in Central America? And for you to recover a share, I'm assuming the household cleaning brands or the softener brands. So -- and how long do you expect the market share to improve in emerging markets?
Ian Cook: Yes. I think, actually, we talk prices in some Latin American countries in the fourth. And in Brazil, there was a degree of price promotion, which, of course, led to a very good result for us. We have, as others have commented, seen destocking with retailers. You talked Mexico, specific to Mexico, and we think, when we look at our market shares with the combination of the advertising and the innovation, and the innovation is -- tends to be more at the premium end of things, that we will see growth, volume growth continuing and some price on top of that.
Operator: We'll go next to Caroline Levy of Macquarie.
Caroline Levy: Ian, you have talked a lot about funding-the-growth and the great success you have there. We saw another company announce a very, very deep restructuring, significant layoffs and plant closures and so on. Do you see opportunity to cut more aggressively go beyond funding-the-growth? Because it seems to me that the environment is such that getting gross margin improvement to the extent that you're looking for is going to be awfully challenging. So just any thoughts of other big activities going forward.
Ian Cook: Yes. Well, Caroline, we fully endorse that notion. Indeed, we have been and continue with a very large restructuring program, which, when it's done by 2020, we'll see costs of about just under $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion and savings between $0.5 billion and $575 million. And that's a very profound reassessment of how we go about managing our business. It's all to do with the linked capability that SAP gives us and our ability to reorganize how we get work done and reducing the duplication of work done in various locations. So it's a very proper question. It's a very important question. But indeed, it is a journey that we are on and have been on for a while. So we think it's appropriate, and it's something we are pursuing diligently and aggressively.
Operator: We'll go next to Nik Modi of RBC Capital Markets.
Sunil Modi: Just one quick one. Ian, did you -- sorry, if I missed it, but did you comment on trade inventories and destocking? I'm just curious if you're seeing any and how long. If you are seeing it, how long it might last? The bigger-picture question is just, given what's going on in the environment and look, Colgate has been incredibly careful and, I think, responsible in terms of how you allocate capital and M&A, but it looks like the environment is really just tough for all CPG players. And I'm just curious, have you kind of thought about perhaps coming a little bit more overreaching in your M&A thoughts in terms of different categories and pillars of growth? Any thoughts on that would be helpful.
Ian Cook: Yes. Always an appropriate question, Nik, and also an area of focus for us. We tend not to think about overreaching. We are quite broad in terms of thinking about where we might reach. I think, we think the recent additions of PCa and Elta skincare businesses are terrific acquisitions. These are very good technology, highly recommended skin health products with margins that are accretive, growth rates that are attractive and brands that use the recommendation model, of course, in their case, beauticians and dermatologists, to do what we have done so many years in Oral Care and Pet Nutrition. So your question is spot on. The challenge for us is what are the right assets. And I would say, when you think about use of our capital, clearly, when we think about the benefits of the tax legislation, our mind focuses on what we can do for growth, which is around capital investment that can drive growth organically and, of course, capital allocation that can acquire good businesses to further our category ambitions. And we think PCa and Elta are 2 such businesses.
Operator: We'll go next to Bonnie Herzog of Wells Fargo.
Bonnie Herzog: I had a question on your stepped-up advertising. I guess, I'm wondering if you believe you're successfully reaching your consumers and adapting enough to follow the changing consumer behaviors. So in the context of that, how do you guys evolve your approach? And have you leveraged in social media more and or -- maybe differently? And then curious if you considered implementing a subscription-based model for some of your businesses, especially in light of some of the relatively new entrants that are doing that. I guess, I'm just really trying to get at how you're better communicating with and attracting consumers as behaviors and the retail environment is changing so rapidly.
Ian Cook: Yes, Bonnie, all good questions, all areas of great focus and great focus with speed on our side. We're going to spend around 30% of our advertising digitally, and of course, that varies depending on the geography and the penetration of digital. The Hill's business is 100% digital, for example. And interestingly, with that business, you talked about subscription, we lead in Oral Care online in the U.S. and the U.K. and in China. And the Hill's business is extremely well developed digitally here in the United States. And to your point, given the quality of brand and the trust, consumers having those diets and what they can bring to their pets, today, over 50% of Hill's e-commerce purchases is subscription in the United States to exactly, as your point, the power of brand translated through the way people want to shop that category increasingly today. In terms of reaching consumers and engaging with them, I mentioned a little bit earlier in some of my opening comments about these consumer engagement centers that we have in the U.S. and China, for example, which allows us to track 24/7 what the consumers are engaging in online and insert ourselves into that conversation with the brand, take Colgate, that is very iconically all about a smile, all about building a future, a brighter future for the people that use our brand. So we can communicate and has built capabilities to communicate in 3 seconds, 6 seconds or 30 seconds and make sure that the brand's message and brand recall gets through that very cluttered environment. So absolutely, we are leveraging social, and I think we are moving ourselves into the space with speed and agility to do that quickly when you see trends emerge and make sure you stay relevant to consumers. And the last idea I would repeat is this Dare to Love brand codeveloped with that e-commerce partner, very familiar with the consumers in that space who can be younger. And indeed, that Dare to Love toothpaste that I mentioned earlier that we launched online in China did precisely that, took the Colgate brand to a younger female purchaser, and we use digital to do that as well. So it's not just message; it's who we are reaching with that message. And if I may, although you didn't ask it, but Nik did and I didn't answer that part of his question, we have seen some retail destocking. I mentioned Mexico. It's fair to say that here in the U.S., year-on-year, some of the bigger retailers have seen a reduction of a weakened inventory compared to last year. So yes, we have continued to see that and deal with that as others are as well.
Operator: We'll go next to Jason English of Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: You may have just kind of answered it, Ian, but I was hoping we could just definitively sort of wrap up the line. I'm thinking a couple of questions. Your prepared remarks talked about end market acceleration, market share acceleration. They all sounded really a beat, but reported results are lagging. Is that simply a factor of kind of timing of when you're seeing the accelerations? Or are you referencing sort of leading indicators into the new year? Or is the way you saw on the fourth quarter in some of these transitory destocking issues, et cetera, prevented the full flow-through. And then second question, as we think into next year, your earnings algorithm, roughly 10%. It looks like you're getting kind of halfway there on just tax, and depending on your FX assumption, almost the rest of the way there on FX, despite organic sales growth and gross margin expansion. So is it fair to characterize next year as another year of outsized reinvestment back in the business?
Ian Cook: Yes, Jason, I think the right way to think about our remarks related to the consumption in the fourth quarter is, indeed, leading into 2018. And we could go through factors about the sales versus the consumption. But the point, I think, is that we kept our advertising presence with better quality work behind growing relevant innovation. And we're beginning to see a marketplace response, not as quickly as people on the outside perhaps wanted. Indeed, a little bit shy of what we were looking for, which was not quite the same as the external. But from the consumption side of things, we're seeing a very definite measurable response, and we do think that bodes well in 2018 or for 2018. And as I have said at the end of the previous question, in certain parts of the world, destocking was a transitory piece of that. Relative to the earnings gross -- growth that we talked about for next year, in the release, we said low double digits earnings growth. John talked about around 10% on the call. And whenever I'm asked the question, what does low double digit mean? My answer is always 10%, but your characterization of it is not correct. The tax rate is not half of it and -- nor is foreign exchange the other half. I will say, as we think about the way we're talking about 2018, and to remind everybody, we talked about 3% to 5% organic on the top line, mid-single digits on a dollar sales basis. We talked about gross margin expansion of between 50 and 75 basis points. And we gave the tax range, legislation part, the new treatment to start compensation running through the income statement and said around 10% earnings per share growth. I will say that there is a modest part of the tax return being reinvested into the business quite deliberately, but we think the construct of that income statement and earnings flow is quite robust in the current environment.
Operator: We'll go next to Kevin Grundy of Jefferies.
Kevin Grundy: I just wanted to build on Jason's question there with -- but -- with the guidance but as it pertains to advertising and marketing spending. So it would seem to imply that a healthy portion of the 50 to 75 basis points of gross margin improvement will be reinvested, so that advertising and marketing line starts to trend back closer to 10.5% to 11%. I think the high point for the company, if you look back a decade plus or so, it has been at 11%. So the question is really, is this sort of a reaction to the necessity to spend in the current environment? Or is this sort of a more permanent level of increase where it could be 11% or even north of that given a weak consumer, even including in emerging market? So any commentary there will be helpful.
Ian Cook: Yes, Kevin. I mean, we think about advertising in a very disciplined way. It serves the purpose, and the purpose is to build our brands. And the purpose of building the brands, particularly in a lower-growth category environment and historically, is to make sure we develop and evolve and grow the market shares of those brands in country by country because that's where you grow them. So we don't think about it top-down as a ratio. We think about it bottom-up as an expense to support a portfolio of businesses and the innovation we are bringing behind those businesses. And for 2018, as John said, we have a plan, that's see the advertising up, absolutely, and on a ratio basis, and that's because we think the portfolio of brands, the quality of marketing technique and the innovation we have in 2018 will be responsive to that investment to drive the organic growth in that 3% to 5% range. So we think about it entirely in those terms. And will it go up in 2019? Again, we'll see what the plans are.
Operator: We'll go next to Ali Dibadj of Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj: Look, I appreciate all the efforts, Ian, that you described at the outset, the good 4 focus areas. You got to do those things. And to be fair, I thought lots of questions from the release, like the tax rate guidance seems high, debates on ad spend, Hill's, maybe Naturals not seeming to get traction yet, we've been hearing it for a while. But I wanted to take a step back and maybe, most importantly, talk about potential or apparent lack of pricing or maybe a negative ship in brand power for you. And are we -- I guess, the core question is are we here because Colgate has been milking the business a little bit over the past several years and overearning? And to your comments, a few questions ago, your commodities are up, yet pricing is negative. Plus, you're investing significantly back into the brand, the ad spend. But not only your top line that challenges your market share still, right? So now it's two years, 140 basis points lower according to your own numbers, right, the track on track, according to your own numbers. And again, this quarter, for all mission, looks like you're not gaining in Brazil and Russia and India and U.K., and France and China at least, and a lot of that to local competitors. So I guess, I'm struggling for confidence, as you can tell by the question, I'm struggling for confidence that things are getting better quickly here. And I guess, the easier comps and FX should help, but I just don't see signs of Colgate doing better underlyingly. And going back to the question I start with, could this mean we're in a longer period of reinvestment necessary to shore up the Colgate brand, the formally impenetrable Colgate brand and pricing power? Does this mean that Colgate has been significantly overearning, and we're here for years of reinvestment as opposed to, hey, Q4 looks better, so 2018 is going to be good and rock the races again? Does that help? Does that make sense?
Ian Cook: It makes sense. I don't agree, but it makes sense. I mean, the words do. The -- I disagree, Ali, because come back to pricing in this fourth quarter, we're seeing to take a quarter and then project the world. But based on the quarter, if I took us back many quarters, the critique was no volume growth or price. This is a problem for brands in general. And as we have worked our way through 2018, supported by advertising, we have built back underlying volume strength into the business. As others have said on earlier calls, in some parts of the world with category growth being slower, which is an industry phenomenon, not a Colgate phenomenon, some people in those categories have invested, shall we say, aggressively in the short term to deliver a piece of the pie. And in some categories, we have made that choice. It is fair to say that commodities in the fourth quarter were up a little bit beyond our expectations coming out of the third, and I think that has been true for others as well. But I come back to our underlying model, our market shares in Latin America are strong. Our share opportunity in China and India with Naturals, which only went into the marketplace in the third quarter of last year, the initial reaction as I tried to suggest that the Russia example has been very good and is building the Colgate market share. So I think we know how to innovate against competitors, whether they be multinational or local. And I think that the underlying commodity cost pressures will bring some sobering thinker -- thinking to others who compete in the category. We have, back to the criticism of a few years ago, the strength of brand to be able to take pricing in the developing markets, when we do that, there will be a corresponding yin and yang with volume while we establish the new pricing. But we know how to do that. And along with funding-the-growth, that will be part of how we will deliver that 50 to 75 point gross margin improvement, a fairly healthy gross margin, while we maintain a resolute focus on the Global Growth and Efficiency Program in the last couple of years of that program, so we can reduce structural costs as well and focus on building our brands. So we don't think the model is broken. We think we have the brands, the innovation, the quality of engagement materials to meaningfully drive the business in 2018 and going forward. And actually, we are very pleased to see the positive and continuing reaction in markets such as Europe and North America. Europe, a part of the world that has been flat for quite a long period of time. So we feel okay about the business model, and we feel okay about the future starting with 2018.
Operator: We'll go next to Wendy Nicholson of Citi Research.
Wendy Nicholson: My question actually goes back to the 2 skincare acquisitions you made. And I know, a, short answer would be, "Oh, they're so small. They don't move the needle. It doesn't matter." But I guess I'm struck sort of with the question of why bother? It's such a competitive category. It's such a crowded category. I feel like everybody and their uncle is buying these small dermatologist premium price skincare brands. And so just when I think of what is Colgate's kind of right to win in that category, I struggle with that. And I know there's an analogy, hey, we're going to be going to dermatologists the same way we go to veterinarians and to dentists. But at the same time, I mean, a lot of us has been to Topeka. We've been to New Jersey. We've seen your huge R&D facilities. And I've always thought of what makes Hill's and Colgate toothpaste special is how much technology and science you bring to the categories. And I just can't believe that you're going to be able to bring that from a real value added basis to the skincare category. So why bother? Is this a precursor to bigger M&A in that space? Or would you be better served even taking that relatively small dollar investment and putting it back into your core categories?
Ian Cook: Yes. Well, thanks, Wendy. I mean, for the record, my uncle didn't buy any skincare businesses. These two we like for several reasons. They have, again, high recommendation levels. They have very good and proven technology, which is why they have the high recommendation levels. And a small as Tom's may have been and as small as some may have said a GABA was, we have learned a lot from those acquisitions in their respective spaces. So we think we get a technology -- we get technology learning and we think we can bring technology to those businesses. And the idea of, how would you call it, trickle-down science into a more mass skincare business is very attractive. And these are businesses that you can live wholesale to Australia and run the model with governing knowledge in those markets. So we think they are rich with opportunity, not just the businesses of themselves, but what we can gain from a technology point of view.
Operator: We'll go next to Olivia Tong of Bank of America.
Olivia Tong: I guess, if we take your word on Oral Care and the price pressure around some of your categories in pricing, maybe we can switch to the other 60% of your business. I mean, maybe Oral Care is okay, but what about the other categories, the home categories and the Personal Care areas in terms of your pricing power in those categories?
Ian Cook: Well, we have pricing power in two ways in all categories. We have innovation, which is increasingly premium, which takes category and brand pricing up. And we have demonstrated that across categories, not just in Oral Care and even in tough markets like Europe with a fabric softener is we've seen a very strong end to the year with our supreme brand. And in the developing world, in general, we have brands that can carry price increases, I mean, straight price increases as opposed to reducing promotion and/or increasing mix. And we do that quite regularly. So on the Hill's business, that recommendation is a very powerful vehicle. And I think the testament to that for a product that is quite premium priced is the high level of subscription buying we see in the e-commerce channel, which is a fast-growing space for nutrition. So I mean, we always talk about the Colgate business and the toothpaste business, but we have brands that can earn their right across our portfolio in the world -- in the parts of the world that we have those businesses.
Operator: We'll go next to Stephen Powers of Deutsche Bank.
Stephen Powers: So building on some of what you said earlier, and you're absolutely right, in recent years, we were critical, many of us were, anyway, of the industry's potential overreliance on pricing to the detriment of volume. And now we're all harping on the opposite, the absence of pricing even the volumes are better. That's totally fair. But I guess, it's also about gross margin pressure. And I know you called out positive pricing gross margin targets in 2018. But the market, especially today, is obviously very concerned about the risk of an extended price more effectively brewing across HPC, just given the growth challenges that we've seen, the negative pricing and margin pressure, not only in your results, but in those with P&G and Kimberly-Clark early in the week. And I know you called out 50 to 75 basis points of gross margin expansion in '18. But I also think you were targeting like 150 basis points plus in '17 originally, and we finished essentially at 20. So I guess, the punch line is, what gives you the confidence that recent pricing intensity is really temporary versus more structural? And what's the risk that you see that you won't be able to fully offset -- or fully get the pricing you want in '18 such that margin aspirations may come under duress as heightened competition doesn't allow full pricing to flow through? And I guess, if I can just tuck on one more thing. Very specific to that, I wasn't sure how to interpret your comments earlier, should we extrapolate the negative pricing in Brazil that we saw in 4Q going forward as the cost of volume acceleration in 2018? Or was that really specific to the fourth quarter?
Ian Cook: Yes, when we talk about pricing versus volume, again, I come back to the fact that finding the right balance is not a straight line. And we're always working to find the right balance. And we think we have that in our plan on a general basis in terms of this balance between volume and pricing. From a promotional point of view, we have seen some pockets, and we have felt the need to respond. I've mentioned the 2 U.S. categories specifically. But we think that the upward pressure on commodities, which wasn't at the level it is today in the third quarter, has definitely increased, will force people to reimagine how they engage with consumers beyond price in the developed world and in the emerging markets. As I've said before, we have the opportunity to price back to the balance that will see a diminution of volume until that new pricing is established, and then the volume comes back. So those tools, we believe, are there. When we think about gross profit beyond that, clearly, we have mixed opportunity within businesses back to the premium innovation. And as I said earlier, the PCa and Elta businesses may, indeed, be small, but the gross margins are attractive. So we see mix within businesses, and of course, we see mix between categories in terms of respective growth rate. We have that emerging market pricing power. We have promotional efficiency with the revenue growth management capability that we have underway. We have the funding-the-growth that I mentioned in the fourth quarter, fully -- 250 basis points of favorable in that quarter, fully offsetting the impact of materials in the fourth quarter. And all of that gives us confidence. And we start with guidance on gross margin for 2018, but it's 50 to 75 basis points because of the underlying commodity pressure, not 75 to 125 basis points in a more benign commodity environment. So we think we've been realistic, and we think we have the tools that will allow us to get there.
Operator: We'll go next to Jonathan Feeney of Consumer Edge.
Jonathan Feeney: Just one follow-up, Ian, to something you said earlier. Maybe you could illustrate what you're seeing in the marketplace that merits investment. You mentioned you've already seen some signs of the market -- of some of your markets responding to the increased investment that you're making, that you're planning to make in 2018. If you give -- but that maybe not to the extent that you really wanted in 4Q, at least not everywhere. Could you give some anecdotes as to maybe one place where the marketplace is really responding to the -- I'm talking specifically about advertising investment in a way that you like and maybe one place where it's not? And what that's -- how you reacted to that as a company?
Ian Cook: Thanks, Jonathan. Well, markets are different around the world. Again, we were actually quite pleased with the overall consumption in the United States given the currently slow start we had to the year. We're very encouraged by the progress we have seen in Europe as that builds momentum in other developed market that is struggling. And if you get behind all of those things, it comes back to innovation. It comes back to brand building, and it comes back to good marketing, in general, working with the retail partners in the countries. Colgate alone is not going to change the market growth rate in a country or category. But we think we can bring stimulation to that and be a part of what is hopefully a rebuilding of category growth rates going forward. But all situations are so country-specific that actually, it wouldn't be helpful even to go through one country example versus another. The principles are effectively the same.
Operator: We'll go next to Bill Chapell of SunTrust.
William Chappell: Hey, just a follow-up on the long-term targets. I understand and I think most of it is expected, kind of the change. But just how the company looked at it in terms of is there a fundamental reason why you can't -- the categories can't get back to 4% growth or you can't get back to 6%, 7% growth? I mean, I understand it hasn't done that in a long time. But certainly, it seems like we're seeing it kind of a global improvement in economies. You still have a pretty untapped developing market in terms of the Oral Care category. So is there some ceiling that you were seeing? Or are you just more prudent, it hadn't grown that way in the past 5 years, there's no point in forecasting it for the next 5 years?
Ian Cook: Bill, life is interesting. We were captivated for the last 5 years for being unrealistic about category growth rates supporting a 4% to 7% range. We believe deeply in the growth potential of these categories. That's why we invest a fair part of our advertising investment into emerging markets where middle classes will grow because of the underlying economic trends you mentioned to get people to brush their teeth because that will build consumption and that will build marketplace growth. Our mental view and the way we think about it is we want to grow faster than the categories in which we grow business. If we look at where we are today, I guess, I come back to your word, we say prudence dictates with underlying category growth rates maybe now in the 2.5% range if the fourth quarter maintains, that gives us confidence for the 3% to 5%. But we believe deeply in the fact that these categories will grow. And if you look at them on an aggregate basis, e-commerce is another area that we'll continue to grow exponentially. I said we were just shy of 60% growth this year. So it's developing people into the habit, and it's connecting with people in the digital world of the 21st century and all of the other channels in between. So we have belief. We think prudence is called for now. And you can rest assure, if we can be a party to bringing category growth rates back, there will be nobody happier than us to elevate that 3% to 5% range. But the principal we think about is growing faster than the underlying growth rate of the categories in which we do business.
Operator: We'll go next to Lauren Lieberman of Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: That's okay. We can take it off-line.
Operator: All right, we'll move to our next question. We'll go to Mark Astrachan with Stifel.
Mark Astrachan: Just curious, what are you budgeting for oil prices for 2018 just in the model? And then just more broadly, competitiveness has been more pronounced in certain categories, maybe like Home Care and some Personal Care categories more than like Oral Care. I guess, I'm just curious, and maybe even following up on some questions earlier, how you think about the rationale today for continuing to play in some of those places where there is just more competition than in places like Oral Care and Pet where consumers are less likely to jump around?
Ian Cook: Yes. Yes, the oral in our budget on average is in below 60s. Obviously, front-weighted, the way most forecasts are externally. When you think about business strategy, you have to come back to this concept of balance. There is no question we prioritize our businesses for the reason you assert, which is the emotional connection that consumers have, the trust that consumers have with products that they put in their mouth or their kids' mouths and their pets' mouths, hopefully, not their own mouths in the case Hill's, is extremely strong and deep. And that builds brand loyalty. It gives you pricing power, which gives you margin power and usually, growth. Then comes Personal Care, not quite as emotionally bonding but close. And we're very interested to go on this journey in the professional stage where you are solving a specific skincare issues with recommendation. And then Home Care, which, yes, is more of a grab-and-go business. It's a scale business. Brands still do well in parts of the world that we have them. And so as I've often said, if you have 4 kids, you don't love the fourth one any less than the first 3. So we have, over the years, as you have seen, divested modestly. Bleach, we have divested in some countries in the world where we think that brand can be better developed by another owner than us. But we're very happy with the business in the markets that we have them. They do very well. The U.S. under pressure on dish for the conversion reasons we have mentioned, that is building back. But taken as a whole, we like the business, and we will continue to keep the business in our portfolio. And remember, we are only focused on those four businesses.
Operator: Sir, at this time, we have no further questions.
Ian Cook: Thanks. Well, thanks, everybody, for joining us, and we look forward to talking with you again after we close the first quarter, so bye.
Operator: That does conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-27 11:00:00) =====
Executives: John Faucher - Colgate-Palmolive Co. Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.
Analysts: Wendy C. Nicholson - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Andrea F. Teixeira - JPMorgan Securities LLC Bonnie L. Herzog - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Jason M. Gere - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Kevin Grundy - Jefferies LLC Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Nik Modi - RBC Capital Markets LLC Caroline Levy - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. William B. Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Mark Stiefel Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc. Armani Khoddami - Consumer Edge Research LLC
Operator: Good day and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. This call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgatepalmolive.com. Now for opening remarks, I'd like to turn the call over to the Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, John Faucher. Please go ahead, John.
John Faucher - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Thanks, David. Good morning, and welcome to our third quarter earnings release conference call. This is John Faucher, Senior Vice President for Investor Relations. Joining me this morning are Ian Cook, Chairman, President and CEO; Dennis Hickey, CFO; Henning Jakobsen, Vice President and Corporate Controller; and Elaine Paik, Vice President and Treasurer. Today's conference call will include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from these statements. Please refer to the earnings press release and our most recent filings with the SEC, including our 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings, all available on Colgate's website, for a discussion of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these statements. This conference call will also include a discussion of non-GAAP financial measures, including those identified in Tables 8 and 9 of the earnings press release. A full reconciliation to the corresponding GAAP financial measures is included in the earnings press release and is available on Colgate's website.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Thanks. Thanks, John. This is Ian. I thought I would jump in again on this call, as we did on the last, just to give you a perspective on where we are against what we said we would be focusing on with the last call. You'll remember, we called out four specific areas of focus: that we would increase our advertising spend behind more impactful, creative, and would be consistent in the way we deployed that spend; that we would continue to focus on innovation across our full portfolio of businesses, which you'll hear more from John in a little while, but with a special focus on Naturals in toothpaste as a way of countering some of the local brands in Asian and Eurasian markets; third, that we would continue to work with all of our retail partners to seek growth of category and our brands with a special focus on the high-growth e-commerce businesses, whether they be pure play or brick and click; and finally, and very importantly to us that we would aggressively work to maximize productivity up and down our income statement. I guess in summary that our focus was going to be on brand-building and productivity. So let me start with the advertising. We said we would increase our advertising and we would deploy it consistently across the year, and that would see an acceleration in the second half of 2017 given the comparisons to the second half of 2016, and indeed I think you've seen that in the press release that our advertising was increased quite substantially, and a growing percentage of that working media is going behind digital, between 20% and 25% globally, but of course there is a range in that, and in the case of Hill's for example, 100% of our consumer engagement spending is digital. We said that our advertising creative was beating testing norms and demonstrating that we have a broad array of work that is proven to create awareness and is motivating and persuasive against our brands. And we also said, and this has been the case, that our advertising would not just be focused behind innovation, but rather we would focus behind our brand equities, our core businesses, and these brand purpose models that we have been deploying, which give people something to buy into, not just something to buy, especially millennials. And all of that very much focused on the here and now, but we also reference the fact that we would continue to invest to build per capita consumption given the enormous opportunity that represents over the longer term in the emerging markets. So we have indeed invested and deployed our advertising the way we said we would. We think we're getting the beginnings of a return on that, and our advertising is focused not just on the near term, but with the consumption building on the long term as well. The second was innovation, and as I say, you'll hear from John about the broad array of innovation that is affecting our business in the second half, but I'd like to talk specifically on the Naturals innovation we have on our toothpaste business, as I said, combating the local brands, particularly in Asia and Eurasia. As we mentioned before, given that we have our innovation centers on the ground located in our divisions, this has allowed us to tailor our Naturals offerings against each of our major markets, so the interpretation of them has been different in, for example, India and China. The products have been launched, and they are proceeding on plan and building distribution in China and in India. And a third interpretation of Naturals was actually launched a little bit earlier in Russia where it was launched in July, and we actually have some very early share information from Russia. This is Nielsen so-called Scantrack data which focuses on the modern trade or about 60% of the overall Russian market, and the data shows that the Ancient Secrets interpretation of Naturals in Russia has built from July to a 2.7 share business, of which about a point and change of that has been incremental, actually more than that  the total share has gone up 4 points since July from 32% to 36.1% in that Scantrack data. So early days, our first share read, but an encouraging start with the Ancient Secrets in Russia and obviously considerable investment yet to come behind that innovation. We will have launched an interpretation of Naturals across all of our principal Asian markets by the end of the year, and in Eurasia, we will be fully launched across all of Central Asia by the beginning of the first quarter. So some good progress. You'll hear a little bit more about Naturals in Europe, but something early indications would suggest will be positive for us. The third, working with retail partners to drive profitable growth in all channels in which we compete, with a particular focus on e-commerce, whether it's pet specialty in the United States, cash-and-carry in Brazil, discounters in Europe, or mom-and-pops in India, or e-commerce everywhere, we're working with customers to grow our categories and our brands. To do that, we continue to invest in on-the-ground capability to manage with a separate income statement on e-commerce business and drive that e-commerce business, and we're using different approaches to capture the full potential of e-commerce. One example I would give of our different approach is a recent launch of Colgate Dare to Love toothpaste in China  yes, Colgate Dare to Love toothpaste in China, launched around, when else, Love Teeth Day, which we, of course, will sponsor forever. It's a national oral health awareness campaign held annually in China in September. The product was developed as a collaboration between our local Colgate China e-commerce team and one of our Chinese e-commerce partners. It is a pink toothpaste, very like our Max Fresh toothpaste, which has breath strips inside, except this toothpaste, of course, has heart-shaped breath strips inside, packaged in a clear tube, so consumers can see the product. It went from an idea to the marketplace in five months. And since then, it has been the top-selling item within the Colgate flagship store on this e-tailer site. And we have seen, since the launch, a significant acceleration in purchasing growth with that approach. So one example, but it shows that we are thinking about e-commerce holistically, not just as another distribution channel. And, in fact, our worldwide e-commerce business third quarter year-to-date is maintaining the same rapid pace of expansion that we saw in the second quarter, so focus and progress there. And finally, productivity, we, as you know, put a lot of focus on funding-the-growth, our productivity program. We've made a lot of very good gains this year. And rather than wait for the question, let me just do the third quarter margin roll-forward right now around that funding-the-growth comment. The prior year gross profit was 60.4%. We got negative 10 basis points from price in this quarter. Our funding-the-growth delivered 220 basis points favorable, maintaining our usual curve across the year, where funding-the-growth builds in the second half, but we saw a headwind of negative material price of 210 basis points, and that was with no impact from transaction. And that traces largely to fats and oils and resins, which have moved differently and negatively to where we were at the end of the second quarter, fats and oils being a volatile marketplace, and the resins affected by the weather event in Texas. And we expect both to continue for the balance of the year. So when you net those off, our gross profit margin was flat year-on-year. And then secondly, we had talked about our extreme focus on structural cost as we came into this last year of our Global Growth and Efficiency Program with two incremental projects included in our second quarter earnings report. And as you've seen from our announcement this morning, building on the successful implementation of our program to-date, we see real opportunity to expand our Global Growth and Efficiency Program, with the same focus on commercial hubs extending Colgate business services and streamlining our global functions, and optimizing our facilities and global supply chain, a way to continue the investment in advertising and support growth for the balance of 2017, and, more importantly, in the pace (13:24) of the Global Growth and Efficiency Program for 2018 and beyond. So we said those were our areas of focus, a quick report back on the fact that they are and will continue to be, and let me hand the call now back to John.
John Faucher - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Thanks, Ian. I will start off with some general commentary on the quarter, followed by further detail on divisional performance. I will then finish with some color on our outlook for the fourth quarter of 2017 before opening it up for questions. As a reminder, Ian mentioned at a conference back in September that we will discuss our 2018 outlook on our fourth quarter earnings call in January. This will give us more color on the trajectory of category growth. As Ian said in the press release, the third quarter showed improvement versus the first half of the year. Net sales were up 3% in the quarter versus Q3 2016, with 1.5% volume growth, flat pricing and a 1.5% foreign exchange benefit. Organic sales growth was 1.5% in the third quarter, a sequential improvement versus the first half of the year. Importantly, in the third quarter, we showed sequential improvement in volume versus the second quarter in every one of our divisions. We are also encouraged that on balance, foreign exchange turned favorable in the quarter, as we experienced a top line benefit from foreign exchange for the first time since the third quarter of 2011. Although we do believe that underlying trends are slowly improving and that the consumer outlook is modestly better, the marketplace and our categories remain volatile. In the third quarter, category growth rates improved slightly in several important geographies, including the U.S., Europe, Brazil, and parts of Asia. On a GAAP basis, our gross profit margin was down 10 basis points year-over-year and was flat year-over-year excluding the impact of our Global Growth and Efficiency Program. We delivered strong funding-the-growth savings in the quarter, as Ian mentioned, which offset higher raw material costs. There was no benefit from pricing in the quarter. On a GAAP basis, our operating profit margin was down 440 basis points year-over-year in Q3. Excluding the impact of our Global Growth and Efficiency Program, a gain on sale of land in Mexico, and a previously disclosed litigation matter, our operating profit margin was down 160 basis points, driven primarily by a 140 basis point increase in advertising investment. We have discussed all year that we'd be investing in advertising at a more consistent rate throughout the year, and that the year-over-year comparisons would be particularly notable in the second half of the year. Our advertising investment was up approximately 20% year-over-year in the quarter and was up year-over-year in every division. We are expecting an even bigger year-over-year increase in advertising in the fourth quarter. On a GAAP basis, diluted earnings per share of $0.68 was down 13% year-over-year. Excluding the impact of our Global Growth and Efficiency Program, the previously mentioned one-time items, and benefits from previously disclosed tax matters, diluted earnings per share was flat year-over-year at $0.73. We have returned more than $2.1 billion to shareholders year-to-date through Q3 through share repurchase and dividends. This is an 8% increase versus the first three quarters of 2016. Now moving to the divisions. We'll start off with North America. In Q3, we saw sequential improvement versus the second quarter in volume, net sales and organic sales growth in North America. Net sales were down 0.5% in the quarter, with organic sales minus 1%, driven by volume growth of 3% and slightly favorable foreign exchange. Category growth rates in the U.S. improved sequentially versus the first half when our categories were negative. The slight improvement in category growth was fairly broad based, with a majority of our categories now in positive territory year-to-date. In Oral Care, we maintained our market share leadership in toothpaste and toothbrushes in the U.S. The premium priced whitening segment continues to be an area of strength for us, as we've gained share year-to-date behind the Colgate Optic White and Tom's of Maine Luminous White franchises. Our sales and channels not covered by syndicated data providers improved this quarter, driven by strength in club and e-commerce. We continue to see gains in e-commerce as we look to optimize our digital marketing and promotional strategies to drive market share. In our Home Care business, we saw strong growth in our household cleaning portfolio. While we are still seeing weakness in our hand dish line, category trends improved sequentially in the third quarter versus the second as did our sales trends. As we said on the Q2 call, the business is not yet where it needs to be, but we do believe we are making progress. Now, we'll look at Latin America. Latin America delivered 6.5% net sales growth in the quarter, driven by a combination of solid pricing and volume growth. Foreign exchange was favorable by 1% in the quarter. Our 3% volume growth was the highest for the division since Q2 of 2014. Latin America also delivered strong gross profit growth, which allowed us to significantly increase our advertising investment year-over-year in the division. The volume growth was broad based across the division, with most of our hubs showing growth. Mexico volume was down slightly, but we continued to see strong market share growth in toothpaste, plus 180 basis points year-over-year to more than 82%. Our Colgate Mexico team did an excellent job dealing with the impact of the devastating earthquakes there in Q3. Our Puerto Rico and Caribbean teams right now are focused on helping communities rebuild after Hurricane Maria, and our thoughts are with them as they continue to deal with the aftermath. While the impact of Hurricane Maria on Q3 divisional results was modest, we expect it will have a more notable impact on our Q4 results in Latin America. We are encouraged by the continued improvement in our Brazilian business in the quarter. While the market remains volatile, we grew volume behind new product launches, effective in-store activity and increased advertising. Going forward, our Latin American business will continue to benefit from several recent product launches. In Mexico, we launched Colgate Triple Action Xtra Freshness toothpaste to enhance our base toothpaste business. In Brazil, we saw strong starts from several new products launched in Q3, including Total Mouthwash and Protex Pro Hidrata bar soap and body wash. Moving to Europe, Europe net sales were up 5.5% in the quarter. Organic sales grew 1%, driven by 3% volume growth, with negative pricing in the quarter. Foreign exchange was favorable by 4.5% in the quarter. The volume growth was broad based across the division with growth across all of our hubs. We were particularly pleased by the return to volume and net sales growth in France, and we're still working on rebuilding our toothpaste market shares there. Oral Care was the key driver of volume growth in the European division in the quarter with strength across all three brands  Colgate, elmex and meridol. We are very pleased with the results of our Colgate Naturals launch in several markets in Europe during the quarter. Naturals is achieving market shares ahead of our initial expectations with high repeat rates and is proving more incremental than initially expected. We plan to continue expanding this line into new geographies going forward. We also expect our Personal Care business to benefit from two new variants of our highly successful Palmolive Gourmet line, and our Sanex Zero% line continues to drive market share gains across multiple Personal Care categories, especially body wash and antiperspirant deodorant. Next, Asia Pacific. Net sales in Asia Pacific were up slightly in the quarter, plus 0.5%, while organic sales were flat. Both volume and pricing were flat in the quarter. Foreign exchange was slightly favorable in Q3. We were very encouraged by a return to volume growth in Greater China after volume declines in the first half of the year. The growth was driven by our e-commerce business, while brick-and-mortar sales trends improved sequentially from the second quarter to the third. The volume growth in Greater China was offset by weakness in Australia and India. Volume in India during Q3 continued to be impacted by the implementation of the Goods and Services Tax at the beginning of the quarter. As our Indian company discussed in their fiscal second quarter press release, they have seen a gradual recovery in the key wholesale channel with trends improving sequentially over the course of the quarter and they expect continued improvement in the coming quarters. India should also benefit from significant increases in advertising investment and the recent launch of Colgate Swarna Vedshakti toothpaste, the high-end entry in the growing Naturals segment that Ian referred to earlier. The Africa/Eurasia division reported net sales growth of 0.5% in Q3 as favorable pricing and foreign exchange offset a decline in volume. The volume weakness continues to be driven primarily by the impact of distributor changes in our sub-Saharan African business. As other companies have highlighted for their businesses, we have also seen a slowdown in our Middle East business due to a difficult economic environment. We posted volume growth in Russia in the quarter, driven by adjustment of promotional price points, in-store activity, and the launch of our Colgate Ancient Secrets toothpaste line in the Naturals segment. As we look at the fourth quarter, while our sub-Saharan African business will benefit from lapping the distributor changes in the year ago period, we do expect continued headwinds from our Middle East business. Africa/Eurasia continues to be a major beneficiary of our increase in advertising investment. Along with a strong support for our new product launches, we have also raised our investment behind initiatives to drive toothpaste per capita consumption. And we'll finish up with Hill's. Hill's delivered 2% net sales growth in the third quarter, with 1% volume growth, flat pricing and a 1% benefit from foreign exchange. The volume growth was driven by the U.S. business including strong growth in e-commerce. Our international business saw net sales and volume growth in every region except for Japan. We've seen sequential improvement in our pet specialty performance in the United States, driven by improved promotional activity. Over the next few quarters, we should see a further benefit from shelf resets in pet superstores. We continue to be enthusiastic about the performance of our Science Diet Youthful Vitality product. This product helps fight the effects of aging in older cats and dogs, 7 years and older. We're supporting the launch with digital advertising and a meaningful campaign to help get older cats and dogs adopted. Specifically, Science Diet Youthful Vitality is working with Animal Planet on the web series, Mission Adoptable, which tells heartwarming stories about older cats and dogs. Now, we'll turn to our outlook for 2017. As stated in our press release, we continue to expect both net sales and organic sales to increase at a low-single-digit rate for the year. Given our gross margin results in the third quarter, we now expect our gross margin expansion will be in the range of 20 to 50 basis points this year versus our previous outlook of the lower end of our 75 to 125 basis points range. This reduction in our outlook is due to a combination of higher raw material costs versus our second quarter expectations and less benefit from pricing. On a GAAP basis, we still expect our earnings per share for the year to be down mid-single digits. On a non-GAAP basis, we are maintaining our guidance for low-single-digit EPS growth. On a GAAP basis, we expect Q4 earnings per share to be down low- to mid-single digits. Excluding charges from the Global Growth and Efficiency Program and other one-time items, we would expect Q4 earnings per share to be roughly flat year-over-year. And with that, we'll open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll take our first question from Wendy Nicholson with Citi Research.
Wendy C. Nicholson - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi, good morning.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Good morning, Wendy.
Wendy C. Nicholson - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi. My question has to do with kind of the longer term philosophical outlook for the business. Great to see a sequential improvement in some of your market shares and in the organic sales growth rate. But despite a significant step-up in your spending, that growth is still coming in well below where you think you can be long term. And I know you don't want to give too much 2018 guidance, but maybe just directionally touch on, hey, as you look into the new year, is the message to your general managers in the markets, hey, spend, spend, spend, because we've got to get market shares up, or hey, we need to have more balanced growth and see more margin expansion than in fact we saw in the third quarter because I can't remember a quarter where we've seen so much operating margin contraction in a favorable foreign exchange environment. Thanks.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Okay. That was one very long question, Wendy. So trying to react to it in pieces. The reason I went through the margin roll forward quarter on quarter is to highlight the point that notwithstanding, to exactly the point you made, there was no transaction headwind for the first time in a long time. There was higher than expected underlying commodity pressure, as I mentioned, particularly in fats and oils, and particularly in resins. And as John said, we didn't get benefit from pricing in the third quarter. Now, as you know, many in our space in this particular quarter saw their gross margins contract, perhaps facing a similar composition of business. So as we think about going forward  and this is not specific to guidance for 2018  it's more how we think about running the business. We think about growing our business in excess of the underlying rate of market growth in our categories, which traces back to population and expansion of the middle class, particularly in the emerging markets, which is why we invest the money we do in the per capita consumption building program. So our view, and why we're encouraged by some of the country-specific pickup in category growth, is that we think about growing slightly faster than the rate of growth in our categories, thereby assuming that we make some progress on market share as well. But as you well know, it is not spend at all costs. We are a balanced company, and part of our thinking is to look for expansion in gross margin, as we move forward in order that we can maintain the levels of advertising that we think are appropriate to build our brand equities and announce our innovation. And in these volatile times, that's why we've been so focused in addition to gross margin on structural cost, a journey we began several years back, I think leading many of our peers at the time, because we felt that structurally with the hubs, with the Colgate Service Centers, and the technology that binds all of that together for us, the SAP that we have across our enterprise, we could secure a more efficient structure, which would give us speed and saving. And as you see in our announcement, we now see continued expansion that we can take charge of over the next couple of years, which gives us a little bit of extra savings in a volatile environment. But the focus is very much a balance between growth, gross margin, and cost structure to grow the top line in a reasonable fashion in terms of the environment we're in, and deliver a return.
Operator: Next, we will go to Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hey, good morning, folks. Thank you for allowing me to ask a question.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Good morning.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: I wanted to pull out a couple of threads that Mr. Faucher talked about and see if we can go a little bit deeper. First, lots of conversation on innovation, natural  predominantly premium it sounded like, a lot of premium mix innovation that you're pushing out, but at the same time he talked about a bit of a reset in terms of margins in part attributable to less pricing expectation despite higher costs. And obviously, we saw this quarter some pricing pressure emerge in a couple of markets. Can you expound on that, first, the dichotomy of premiumization driving growth, yet pricing under pressure? And then also maybe give us a little more meat on the bone of what do you think is driving some of the underlying pricing pressure, some of the factors that are contributing to it, and how many of those may be enduring as we think about the future. And I'm not trying to tease out guidance for 2018. I'm just trying to think about the underlying health of the business.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Yeah, yeah, well, good questions. I'll have to dig into the Mr. Faucher remark. Look, from an innovation point of view, as we have said before and it ties to the Naturals comment, in a way, as we move with these Naturals innovations, we are pleased to compete in that space, because as you say, the innovation is premium. And we have a bias whenever we innovate to see if we can't make that innovation premium, in other words, deliver a value to the consumer that they're happy to pay for and, at the same time, be accretive from a gross margin point of view. But we always make the point  and I would make it now  that when we think of innovation, we think of innovation across our entire portfolio, and in all of the markets in which we do business, we operate across a full bandwidth of price points, and even packaging forms on occasion, sachets instead of tubes, to make sure that we can capture in the emerging markets, the emerging consumer and the rural consumer. So, yes, a bias to premium where the consumer sees value, but we never forget the fact that we have a full portfolio and we're always innovating across that full portfolio even if we talk more to the premium end innovation. Now, when you turn to pricing, and you look at the third quarter, I guess you see a couple of factors. One is Europe, and European pricing has been pressured for many, many years, given the market conditions in Europe. And it is unlikely that that is going to change any time soon, which is why you may remember, when we did the Global Growth and Efficiency Program, we started with structure in Europe first because we had concluded as a matter of strategy that underlying category growth would be under the kind of pressure that we have seen and we expect we'll continue to see. North America, which saw pricing decline this quarter, is a little bit of a different story. You have a couple of factors going on, I think. Number one is heightened competitive promotional activity, I would say, particularly in the Home Care businesses, which, in our case, would be softeners and hand dish, and also to a certain extent in the liquid soap businesses. And we said on the last call that we were going to make some pricing adjustments in order to continue to make progress on our dish business, which had been impacted by that heightened promotional activity in the second quarter. And so we have done that and we have put focus behind getting those price points right in the retail channels where that is important. And, obviously, as the promotional pressure eases, we will clearly ease back on the pricing because we would much rather put the investment, as we continue to do, in the brand building areas of advertising and consumption building promotion. I'm pleased to say that specific to the U.S., as we track this trend data on a weekly and monthly basis, we're beginning to see an easing of that promotional intensity on Home Care, which I think augurs well for the future. And I would finally say that you have seen in the past in the emerging markets, our ability to take pricing in relation to transaction cost impact. I think you can be assured that we would seriously consider doing the same for a direct commodity cost increase as well, so that type of pricing in those kind of markets, I think, you can expect in our future plans.
Operator: And we'll move to our next question from Andrea Teixeira from JPMorgan.
Andrea F. Teixeira - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, good morning. Thank you. My question is regarding in the cadence for the North American sales within the third quarter. And if you got more traction with advertisement spending and promotional spending as you progressed in the quarter. So in other words, I was trying to find out if the organic sales lift that you're planning for was across the board or if there was any areas where you can see potentially some buildup, I mean, positive buildup, into the fourth quarter and in particularly with the  also with the destocking that you had in the last quarter of last year. Thank you.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Yeah, I think we obviously track trade inventory levels well. We did have some destocking as we came into this year. We did not see any destocking in the third quarter. I think, as John mentioned in his prepared remarks, we were actually quite pleased by the broad based, if modest but nonetheless increase in category growth rates in the United States. As I said a little bit earlier in response to the pricing question, we have made our Home Care businesses necessarily more competitive in the appropriate retail channels, but if the category growth rates continue the pickup we have seen, that would clearly be favorable for the quarter, and of course, as you have seen, we have now seen sequential progress in North America from the first quarter this year. So I would say nothing exceptional to call out in that regard. The inventory destocking would seem to be behind us, and we're building against the underlying growth in the categories going forward.
Operator: And next we'll go to Bonnie Herzog with Wells Fargo.
Bonnie L. Herzog - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: All right, thank you. Good morning.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Good morning, Bonnie.
Bonnie L. Herzog - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi. I have a question on your Global Growth and Efficiency Program. While I think it's encouraging that you guys extended it, I guess I'm wondering if this decision implies in any way that you're expecting more fundamental pressures on your business in the future that might need to be offset by more aggressive cost cutting. And then are there any projects that you've started already that might begin to benefit margins in Q4, especially since you're up against another tough gross margin compare? Thanks.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Yeah. I guess the answer on the Global Growth and Efficiency Program is more the fact that we have, since we began the program, been intently focused on efficiency and speed that we can generate through these commercial hubs through the Colgate Business Service Centers and further rationalizing our manufacturing and other facilities. And the thread that ties all those together has been the SAP technology that we have had across our company for a long time. And the expansion you're seeing is more based on the further opportunity we see building on the success of what we have done thus far. So rather it's not in reaction to anything. It's more building on the learning that we have developed over the last several years. Now, to turn that around from a pure business point of view, yes, we're looking for the savings. More importantly, we're looking for the speed and efficiency. And in a volatile world, it does give you some downside protection, but we didn't go into this with that as the thought in our minds, it was more truly building on what we had learned as we have been deploying all of these initiatives over the last several years. Every time you get into one of these things, you get more learning and it spawns more ideas and more things that you can go after. So I would say it was more proactive. It wasn't reactive to a gloomy future.
Operator: Next we'll go to Jason Gere with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Jason M. Gere - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay, thanks. Good morning. I guess I wanted to talk about the portfolio a little bit. In a softer environment, we're seeing a lot of companies trying to fix the mix here either exiting businesses in different geographies that maybe don't strategically make sense or doing tuck-in acquisitions. So with the changing environment, we hear you guys talk about the locals and just about some of the disruptors that are out there, and your prestigious balance sheet that's out there. Can you talk maybe about the portfolio? Are there areas that maybe you can prune a little bit more and then maybe actually add some new categories to the mix here to kind of leverage what seems to be a leaner cost structure over the next few years?
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Yeah, good question, Jason. Very strategic. If I take a step back on the portfolio, the full portfolio categories that we have today, as you well know, I think, we have a very sharp priority focus in terms of Oral Care, Pet, Personal, and Home Care in that order, because the underlying growth dynamics in the categories are favorable in that order, consumer loyalty and emotional engagement, therefore pricing, are favorable in that order, and therefore gross margin potential is favorable in that order. And I bring you all the way back to the per capita consumption building programs and education programs we have on toothpaste. So within the portfolio we have today, we have a very clear focus, and obviously even within segments, we're looking to accentuate the premium end of those segments. Disposals, we have done them from time to time, despite the fact that we prioritize our categories the way we do. It's like having four kids. You don't love the fourth any less than the first three, and that's the case with Home Care from our point of view. We have tactically over the years  I think Latin America was the last example where we divested of our bleach business and put it with Clorox as the acquirer, probably a better home for a bleach business than Colgate. So are there small things like that that one might see? Maybe. Your idea of buying on the outside, again, is a good one. It's one we always have in view. We think about it quite broadly, whether it be companies, whether it be brands, or even technology as we have demonstrated in the past. And we put quite a lot of study attention against that. We put our customary financial discipline against that. You're right, we do have the balance sheet flexibility. And if in these volatile times, an external candidate that was attractive, was feeling perhaps a little bit of pressure and looking for a different home, on the assumption the financials would work out, we would be a willing buyer, as we have been with Sanex and Tom's and GABA, all of which have done very well for us. So the answer is, the right brand business saw technology, absolutely, at the right price.
Operator: And next we'll go to Kevin Grundy with Jefferies.
Kevin Grundy - Jefferies LLC: Thanks, good morning.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Good morning, Kevin.
Kevin Grundy - Jefferies LLC: I wanted to come back to the topic of advertising spending and what the appropriate level is longer term. And my questions in the context, there's been a number of discussions on these calls in the past on striking the right balance between trade spending and advertising spending, and now it seems like you're leaning in a bit more again on ad spending following a couple of years where ad spending for the company in total as a percent of sales was sub-10%. And John mentioned it'll be up again in the fourth quarter, but I guess that's not surprising given you're cycling at historically low ad spend as a percent of sales. So the question is as we look at it within the next several years, not just 2018 because I know that you're not prepared to give guidance today, but are you still comfortable with ad spending a little north of 10% of sales or do you think that needs to move higher in the current environment? Thank you.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Yeah, I think one has to come back to the beginning premise, and that is the reason we made the statement we made coming into this year is that with the savage and indeed sometimes over the last couple of years foreign exchange moves were extremely savage, we had as a court of last resort reduced advertising to offset the sharp move in foreign exchange. And we made the statement this year that that's not what we wanted to do. That doesn't change as a matter of commercial strategy at all, the fact that we work to have a balance between what we do at retail and what we do in the traditional advertising and promotion spending. So as we go forward, when we build our advertising, we build it against a business plan. We build it by country. We build it by brand in country. And it rolls off at the corporate level. I would say the level of advertising that we have this year is a healthy level of advertising. If you talk to a marketer, there is always the potential to spend more advertising. And I think we would be driven more by the good ROIs we're getting, the particular activity we have in any year, the adequacy of the advertising to be on air for a long period of time to make sure we're building awareness, and what the competitive context would be. And of course, as we are moving forward in this world, you're seeing that continued shift from the traditional advertising into digital, which brings some of its own economies. So the shorthand answer would be, the level of spending this year is, we think, appropriate but good for our business, and we'd be guided going forward by the things I mentioned a little bit earlier, but that does not in any way undervalue the power of what we do at retail, and we'll always be working to balance those two investments.
Operator: Next we'll go to Ali Dibadj with Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hey, guys. Sorry if I missed...
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Hey Ali.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hey, sorry if I missed the Q4 organic sales guidance if you gave any, but if you could, could you just talk about that? And then from a margin perspective, I guess I have two questions. And perhaps if it's appropriate, Dennis Hickey or John Faucher can jump in here, but for the productivity program extension, clearly it's good. We like to see more cost savings. But at what point do kind of more or less regular one-time charges turn into recurring as opposed to one time? And I don't mean that as purely an accounting question, but a little bit more of a business question, as well, from that perspective. And then we also noticed that the return on your charges, so in other words if I just divide the savings number you're contemplating by the charges, the extension is much higher than what you've been doing so far, so it's like 46% versus 30s-percent, i.e. much greater return on what you're extending here. So it does actually feel like the nature  to one of the earlier questions, does it actually feel like the nature of the extension of the Global Growth and Efficiency is different than what has happened so far, so it feels much more aggressive, indeed perhaps reactionary. I don't know. You said it wasn't but it feels that way. And certainly it would feel more head count focused given that type of return profile. But would love obviously your interpretation of that as well. Thanks.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Thanks, Ali. Well, let me start there, given where you left it. It was not reactionary at all, period. Everyone can have their view. I think the important thing to say, as I tried to say earlier, it has been in part the learning process we have gone through in the areas we have been focusing on, and the opportunity one has with technology to simplify what you do and then simplify the organization needed to do it. So the reason for the higher rate of return, as we have been building the Global Growth and Efficiency Program, we have built a lot of capability. This in a way is more of an SG&A focus against a built infrastructure, allowing us in many areas to delayer the management structure required to operate without any impact to quality. So entirely planned for and planned for based on the learning we had had. On the technical aspect of the productivity program, we have obviously been through this in some detail as a company from a financial point of view, from a legal point of view, and with our auditors from an external point of view, as we always do with these kinds of programs. And we are comforted and assured and believe that these are indeed one-time discrete activities in the same themes that we have been focused on before. And no, Ali, you didn't miss the fourth quarter top line guidance. We didn't give it.
Operator: Okay. And next we'll go to Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.
Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey, good morning.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Hey, Dara.
Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: So I was hoping to get more of a review of category growth around the world besides some of the commentary that John made. First, in the U.S., you did mention a slight pickup sequentially in category growth, but we're still seeing pretty weak year-over-year trends in terms of category growth. And that doesn't seem to fit with macro indicators that theoretically should be favorable for the consumer. So I'd love to get your view on what's driving the U.S. category weakness, and if you think it's more temporary or longer term and if this slight pickup you've seen continues going forward. And then second, a similar question in emerging markets. There we're hearing about some initial signs of a pickup from a number of CPG companies and the macro indicators generally seem favorable, so are you seeing category growth recover in emerging markets in general and are you comfortable that that builds as we look out to Q4 and 2018? Thanks.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Yeah, yeah, obviously good questions, and one we're extremely focused on. So, yes, we were pleased, as John said, with the market-by-market upticks that we saw this quarter. And as we said earlier, this is one of the things we want to track very, very carefully over the next couple of months in order that when we talk in January with you all, we talk in as informed way as we can about what we see in terms of our categories. If you take a macro step back and look at our category growth rates around the world, what you still see is the emerging markets growing mid-single digits, between 4% and 6%, depending on the geography. And in the developed world, you basically are still seeing flat to modestly up in Europe and North America. Again, those little green shoots we have seen, clearly we are looking to see them continue to build and strengthen. As I said before, we think this will adjust because we don't see in any of our data and some of the bespoke research we've done, we don't see any indication that consumer behavior in terms of brushing their teeth is changing in any way. So a little bit of an improvement. The macros are still, from a category point of view, where we have been saying they were before. We'll be watching this very, very closely and be as informed as we can in January.
Operator: And next we'll go to Nik Modi with RBC Capital Markets.
Nik Modi - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Yeah. Thanks, good morning everyone. Ian, I think  there are a lot of debates going on in the market, but I think most of us can agree that Colgate is one of the best-in-class companies across any market, across any category, but obviously it's been a challenge the last year or two. And I guess I ask that question in the vein of it looks like we could be in this period of time where just the cost of doing business is going up structurally. And I wanted to get your comments on that and your thoughts because it seems like more local innovation to keep pace with the local consumer and local competition, changes in channel mix, which could be putting more pressure on the supply chain, technology, et cetera, et cetera. So I just wanted to get your thoughts on that broadly, as you look at your business and the industry as a whole.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Yeah. Well, thanks, Nik. It's a time of great change. I guess that's the best way to say it. At the ground level, you have all of this country-by-country volatility, never mind weather patterns which seem to strike, with gay abandon and complete shock and surprise. So on the one hand, you're dealing with a lot of pushes on the business that seem to come from nowhere and a general slowdown in categories, which we think is transitory and will change over time. And then from the big picture point of view, you've got an enormous structural change in the way the consumer is engaging with brands and companies, and choosing to buy the products that those companies provide to those consumers, and I think that comes down to mastery of digital in its broadest sense, which is how you run the company with it, how you engage consumers with it, and indeed how you ultimately sell to consumers. In and of themselves, if you organize yourselves right and you take full advantage of technology, it doesn't fundamentally change the cost of doing business. Indeed, in some areas, it can make you more agile and more efficient doing business. But as you move along, you're going to get resistance for the change to e-commerce from other quarters and there's going to be that constant buffeting on cost, price, and/or otherwise. And I think the role of CPG companies is to stay true to the consumers they serve, make sure their brands remain relevant and navigate how you engage with and sell to those consumers over time. So I see it as a challenge, but I don't see it as a God-given conclusion that costs of necessity must become a forever headwind. How you do business will have to change over time, but that's a different thing.
Operator: Okay. Next we'll go to Caroline Levy with Macquarie.
Caroline Levy - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Thanks so much for the question. I'm just looking at market shares, and by their absence, it seems like you lost market share in the U.S., a lot of the Asia markets including China and India, Brazil, France, UK, and I'm just trying to, number one, am I right on that just because you didn't comment on them being up? And are you losing to local players? And is this something at some point you're willing to take a price rollback so that you can sort of stem that or are you only going to try the innovation and media route?
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: You're right. In some markets, we have seen some share pressure. I'll kind of go through by market. The reasons are usually different, and the response is therefore different. Brazil, frankly, we've been very focused on growing that business from a pricing point of view to protect the margin and a volume point of view. Our market share is still north of 72%. It is year-to-date a little bit weaker than the prior year, but frankly, we're damn pleased with the choices we have made and expect to build that market share going forward. Mexico, we're still north of 82% and it's going up, so there is a marketplace where we're making progress. You come to France, France was a customer reason. We are now back in distribution with that customer and building both sales and share, and that of course affects the national share in the country, and, more importantly, given the size of France, it affects the European share. So, that is in the process of rebuilding. In China, our year-to-date volume share is actually flat. Our year-to-date value share is down. The reason it's down is because we are not yet taking full advantage of the high growth in the category, which is at the premium end of the category, including one of the local brands. And that is what the Naturals offering that I mentioned earlier is on plan and just building distribution, is seeking to offset. And it's a similar story in India, and again we now have building in distribution this Colgate Vedshakti, as John mentioned, which is our Naturals counter to two local brands. So I've tried to answer by each of the geographies, but those would be the answers. The U.S. share is actually essentially flat, and we still lead in the United States. So there's no share issue there.
Operator: Okay. Next we'll go to Bill Chappell with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
William B. Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Hey, Bill.
William B. Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Just a question on kind of the commodities buzz in the quarter and looking forward. I think you said it was in total a 200 basis point kind of headwind. Any way to kind of quantify how much of that was a surprise or extraordinary. You talked about it lasting into fourth quarter, just in kind of how these things play back in terms of resin costs, do you expect that to drag far into 2018 or is fourth quarter kind of the end?
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Candidly, Bill, coming out of the second quarter, we thought fats and oils were on the way down for the balance of the year, and I think we guided for that at the time. And they have since reversed. The resins, perhaps not totally surprising, but seems to be lingering longer than we would have expected. So certainly from a planning point of view, we're assuming a no change for the fourth quarter. And whilst we haven't got eyesight on data yet, I think a fair assumption would be that they may drift into 2018 a little bit.
Operator: Okay. And next we'll go to Mark Astrachan with Stifel.
Mark Stiefel Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yeah, thanks for squeezing me in. I wanted to ask about...
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Hey, Mark.
Mark Stiefel Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hey, Ian. I wanted to ask about how you think about what's the biggest contributing factor to sales growth and sort of relative share performance when you talk about local competition or Naturals, I know there can be a bit of overlapping there, or contrasting that with multinationals like GSK, who have been putting up high-single-digit-type growth on what is a very big brand. So I guess how do you think about it in terms of what is contributing vis--vis what I just mentioned? And on the Naturals piece, how do you think about the Colgate brand and consumer acceptance of it with a natural positioning relative to what it's historically stood for?
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Yeah. Well, again, a lot of questions in there, Mark. But the GSK is clearly a competitor in the space, has been for a long time. Obviously a sensitivity-based brand. It's the one segment we don't lead in in the world, and although we have terrific technology, and that's a segment we are looking to build dentist-by-dentist, market-by-market. But the trouble with Naturals is when you say Naturals, everybody thinks of something, but it may not be the same thing. So in the United States, you say Naturals, we might say Tom's. You translate Naturals in India, it's got more of an Ayurveda twist to it. You transfer it in China, it's got different ingredients, and you take it to Russia and it's something different again. So, that's why we made the point, yes, this is general trend of Naturals which includes the local brands, but hasn't been created by some of these local brands. But it's different market-by-market. So having innovation groups on the ground helping you build that offering to tailor it to those local tastes whether be they conceptual, be they flavor, be they color  some of the color of natural products is, shall we say, interesting  is a tricky thing and a complex thing, and a very specific thing. As to Colgate, Colgate in its broadest definition is a worldwide family brand, and Colgate, take India, we have been there for 80 years, and Colgate is one of the most trusted brand names, indeed brands, in the country. So Colgate's early entry into many of these emerging markets long before our American companion competitors means that the Colgate brand has been established in the culture. So you start talking about combining a Naturals offering interpreted for people in the country, the Colgate brand is very familiar and trusted by people in the country, so there's no clash between concept and brand.
Operator: Next we'll go to Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Hey, Lauren.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Two things. One was just on Hill's, so it's pretty rare to see no pricing in Hill's. And I had to go back to the price cuts in 2010, and then before that, I think it was 2004. So just talk a little bit about what's gone on there? Is it anything in terms of promotional strategy or kind of gross (01:06:56) to net funding with your sort of more diversified distribution footprint for Hill's. That was one. And then second was also on pricing. In North America, I was just curious, I know you mentioned some of the competitive promotional activity more in the Home Care and Personal Care with soaps. But I was wondering if kind of the outsized growth you've had it looked like in e-commerce and in club, if that's also contributing to some of the pricing pressure that you saw this quarter and how we should think about that going forward. Thank you.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Yeah. The mix of the non-Nielsen channels in the United States tends to have slightly lower pricing than the other channels, so that is a contributory factor, Lauren. But the rest is predominant and true, and that is the Home Care and the liquid soap promotional activity, which we have met. And as I mentioned, the latest information we're seeing shows it ebbing slightly. So, that's the answer on North America. E-commerce, no, that's not a factor. For Hill's, Hill's had strong pricing last year, and as part of re-engaging with the specialty retailers, most one of the two, we have a lot of introductory activity going on in the quarter to reestablish the brand, be it couponing  targeted couponing and/or otherwise, and that as you know gets translated into price, so that was largely reestablishment in the U.S. with the specialty retailers.
Operator: And next we'll go to Jonathan Feeney with Consumer Edge Research.
Armani Khoddami - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Hi, thank you very much.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Hey, Jonathan.
Armani Khoddami - Consumer Edge Research LLC: This is Armani Khoddami in for Jon.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Hi.
Armani Khoddami - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Just one quick question  yeah, how are you doing? So a quick question for you. Does the success of the Naturals line give you maybe some  or the ahead of planned performance there, does that give you some confidence around the ability to take price? I know we've talked a lot about price investments over this call. But it seems like that product specifically has performed ahead of expectations. And then also whether it be the ability to price in emerging markets with Naturals, but also as we looked in the U.S., a key competitor of yours seems to have been taking prices up over the past 6 to 12 months. And any comment around a thought about taking  the ability to take price even here in the U.S. as well. Thank you.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Yeah, well, Naturals, the Naturals offerings we have in the emerging markets are at meaningful price premiums. Indeed we had a learning in China where we had done an in-store test of the offering at, shall we say, a more market-level pricing. And we found that we had underpriced, so as we have begun to take it nationally, we have significantly increased the pricing. So a general learning with Naturals is that part of the concept that generates the value that the consumer believes is real value to them is that they be at a higher price. No brand espouses that strategy better than Tom's of Maine here in the United States, which has grown nicely every year basically since we acquired it and carries a meaningful price premium to the marketplace. And in terms of pricing in general in toothpaste here in the United States, we have seen some progress on our pricing just over the last month or so, so we have been working to keep pace with pricing trends here in the United States. But your most important question, I think, was around the Naturals idea. I think all of the learning we have to-date demonstrates that that offering justifies a premium price, and indeed the consumer seeks it. So, thanks for the question.
Operator: And those are all the questions we have today. I'll turn the call back over to our speakers for any additional comments or closing remarks.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Thanks, Dave. Well, thank you, everybody for being on the call and listening to what we have to say. Thanks to the Colgate folk for making it happen, and Happy Thanksgiving to everybody, and we look forward to talking again in the new year. Bye.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-21 11:00:00) =====
Executives: John Faucher - SVP, IR Ian Cook - Chairman, President & CEO Dennis Hickey - CFO Victoria Dolan - Corporate Controller Elaine Paik - Treasurer Bina Thompson - Chief IRO
Analysts: Dara Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley Bonnie Herzog - Wells Fargo Securities Wendy Nicholson - Citi Stephen Powers - UBS Jason Gere - KeyBanc Capital Markets Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Kevin Grundy - Jefferies Andrea Teixeira - JPMorgan Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ali Dibadj - Bernstein Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Iain Simpson - Societe Generale Lauren Lieberman - Barclays
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgatepalmolive.com.  Now for opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to the Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, John Faucher. Please go ahead, John.
John Faucher: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to our second quarter earnings release conference call. This is John Faucher, Senior Vice President for Investor Relations. Joining me this morning are Ian Cook, Chairman, President and CEO, Dennis Hickey, CFO, Victoria Dolan, Chief Transformation Officer and Corporate Controller, and Elaine Paik, Vice President and Treasurer. This conference call will include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from these statements. Please refer to the earnings press release and our most recent filings with the SEC including our 2016 annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings all available on Colgate's website for a discussion of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these statements. This conference call will also include a discussion of non-GAAP financial measures, including those identified in tables eight and nine of the earnings press release. A full reconciliation with the corresponding GAAP financial measures is included in the earnings press release and is available on Colgate's website. 
Ian Cook: Good morning. This is Ian. I thought before John jumped into his customary division review, I'll just make a couple of opening comments. Suffice it to say as we said in the press release, this indeed was another challenging quarter and as I think we all know, the industry continues to face global market volatility and we have seen a further slowdown in consumer demand in several key markets, most especially the U.S. Southeast Asia and South Pacific. On the positive side, that pressure was offset someone by strong organic growth in Latin America with a good balance between price and volume and a return to positive organic sales growth at Hill's. My purpose in making the introductory comments now is to give you a sense of where we are focused going forward and going forward, we are focused, focused intensely on returning our business to growth over the balance of the year and improving bottom-line performance and our focus is heightened and will be heightened on four fundamentals. The first is increased advertising spending behind more impactful creative. The second innovation across our portfolio of businesses particularly, for personal care and oral care in the growing natural segment and especially naturals for toothpaste, which has a particular target of local brands in some key geographies in Eurasia and Asia. Third, greater investment behind our high growth eCommerce business and fourth, aggressively maximizing productivity up and down our income statement. Those are four fundamentals we are focusing on for the balance of the year and I be back later with more detail on each and turn the call back now to John to go through the discussion of the quarter, John.
John Faucher: Thanks Ian. As Ian said in the press release, the second quarter was another challenging one. Net sales were down 0.5% in the quarter due to 1% pricing growth offset by 1% volume decline and slightly negative foreign exchange. Organic sales growth was flat year-over-year in the second quarter below our expectations. Our categories in the markets remain volatile as the macroeconomic picture remains mixed. We've seen a further slowdown in demand in several markets including the United States, Southeast Asia and South Pacific. Looking at the cadence of the quarter, after a weak April, we saw improvement in organic sales through the first half of June. The back half of June was however, negatively impacted by retailer destocking in some markets and a reduction in shipments in India in advance of the implication of the new Goods and Services Tax. As Ian mentioned in the press release, there were also several encouraging factors in the quarter as compared to the year ago. We saw strong sales growth in Latin America driven by a balance of volume and pricing and we saw a return to positive organic sales growth at Hill's following two weaker quarters. We're also encouraged that our foreign exchange headwind have lessened over the past several quarters and raw material costs are increasing at a more modest rate. We believe consumer usage of our products have remained broadly stable in the vast majority of market, which would be the basic category takeaway should normalize going forward. While we have seen a small decline in purchase frequency in some markets we're taking steps to adjust price point where necessary to spur consumption usage. While we're pleased with these bright spots, we're attacking the headwinds with a focus you would expect from our company and a strong sense of urgency. Through pricing and productivity, we achieved gross profit margin expansion in Q2 with 20 basis point of expansion on a GAAP basis and 50 basis points excluding the impact of our 2012 restructuring program. On a GAAP basis, our operating profit margin was down 230 basis points year-over-year in Q2. Excluding the impact of our 2012 restructuring program, our operating profit margin was down 10 basis points as the improvement in gross profit margin was more than offset by increased advertising investment, higher overhead expenses and other income expense net. On a GAAP basis, earnings per share of $0.59 was down 12% year-over-year. Excluding the impact of our 2012 restructuring program and a net benefit from a previously disclosed foreign tax matter in the second quarter of 2016, earnings per share was up 3%. We returned almost $1.6 billion to shareholders year-to-date through share repurchases and dividends. This is a 16% increase versus the first half of 2016. Now moving to the divisions. We'll start off with North America. In Q2 we saw improvement versus Q1 in both net sales growth and organic sales growth in North America, but not to the extent that we expected. Net sales and organic sales growth in the quarter were down 3.5%. Category growth rates in the U.S. slowed sequentially versus the first quarter, dipping slightly negative, driven by notable decline in April. May and June were better particularly May. In the toothpaste category, we strengthened our leadership in the U.S. where our market share lead versus our largest competitor increased again versus Q1 and now stands at more than one share point year to date. We continue to gain share in the ultra-premium whitening segment seeing benefit from our latest launch Colgate Optic White Beauty Radiant and Tom's of Maine Luminous White. Outside of oral care, our Tom's franchise also continues to gain share in underarm protection, tapping into the continued consumer interest in the natural space. Tom's has expanded it underarm protection line to now mentioned men's and children's variance as well. Turning to our hand dish category, while we saw sequential improvement in market share in the quarter versus Q1, the business is not yet where it needs to be. Our restage of the business is progressing slower than anticipated as it has been impacted by both category weakness and heightened competitive activity. The rollout of the new SKU is complete and we're adjusting our promotional strategy to compete more effectively on shelf. Now we'll look at Latin America. Latin America delivered 7% net sales growth and 8% operating profit growth. Organic sales growth was also at 7% as foreign exchange was even with the year ago period. Our strong gross profit growth in the quarter funded a significant year-over-year increase in advertising investment. We are encouraged that our volume performance improved across categories and geographies in the division. Our net and organic sales growth of 7% was driven by a mix of volume plus 2.5% and pricing plus 4.5%. While Mexico volumes were down slightly against difficult comparison, our two state market share in Mexico is up 170 basis points year-to-date versus year-to-date 2016 to 82.1%, our highest share in six years. We saw sequential improvement in our volume performance in Brazil, Columbia, Argentina and many other markets across the division. As I mentioned, we are encouraged by volume growth in Brazil, but the market remains volatile. We are managing our price points to ensure that we are competitive on shelf. Our toothpaste market share in Brazil remained at 72% in the quarter, even with Q1. Our Latin America business will benefit from several new product launches in Q3 including Colgate Triple Action Extra freshness toothpaste, Colgate Total Mouthwash and in Brazil, Protex Pro-Hidrata bar soap and body wash. Moving to Europe, Europe net sales were down 3.5% in the quarter with organic sales down 0.5% and similar to Q1 and a 3% negative impact from foreign exchange. Our U.K. business continues to perform well with a mix of pricing and volume growth, although this was offset by significant negative foreign-exchange impact, which should abate as we cycle easier foreign-exchange comparisons in the second half. Encouragingly, we saw a further improvement in our French business. Our oral care market shares are improving sequentially as we regained distribution and we would expect this trend to continue into the third and fourth quarters. Our Personal Care business in France saw strong growth behind the us and at zero relaunch this relaunch features new graphics and new product claims immediate investment for the Sanex Zero relaunch. This relaunch features new graphics and new product claims. The median investment for the Sanex Zero relaunch includes both TV and digital support that is tested well above advertising testing norms. Looking forward along the Sanex relaunch, we expect to see benefits from the launch of Colgate Max White Expert Complete Toothpaste, Colgate Minions License Battery Powered Toothbrush and the launch of Palmolive Naturals with precious oils. Next Asia Pacific, net sales in Asia Pacific were down 5% in the quarter and organic sales were down 3.5%. As mentioned in the press release, organic sales for the region came in softer than expected, primarily due to the reduction in shipments in India in advance of the new Goods and Services Tax or GST, increased competitive activity in Australia and consumption declines in Thailand. Volume was down 2% in the quarter, driven by declines in India, Australia and Thailand, with Greater China down modestly. Volume performance in India worsened sequentially in Q2 in advance of the implementation of the new Goods and Services Tax, which took effect on July 1. Due to uncertainty about the new law, the trade in India was cautious and shipments basically ground to a halt for the last two weeks of June. As I mentioned, our Greater China business posted a modest decline in volume in Q2, which was a sequential improvement from Q1. We are driving significant growth in eCommerce and as a company, we increased our industry-leading toothpaste market share in the quarter in this highly important channel. In the Philippines, we continue to see solid volume growth performance in market share gains across our oral care personal care portfolios. The Africa Eurasia division reported net sales growth of 1% in Q2, driven by price increases in foreign exchange, which more than offset weaker volumes. The volume weakness was driven primarily by the continued impact of our distributor changes and our sub-Saharan African business. We showed sequential improvement in volume in our Russian business in the quarter versus Q1, as we raised advertising spending and adjusted price points given some of the recent currency movements. Benefits from pricing and savings from our Funding the Growth initiatives allowed us to significantly increase our advertising investment in the division. We continue to invest in brand building activities, both in terms of increased television and digital advertising as well as programs to build per capita consumption to drive long-term changes in consumer behavior. Looking at the second half of the year, we expect the Africa Eurasia division to benefit from the launch of Colgate Ancient Secrets toothpaste in Russia. This premium price line uses locally gleaned insights to tap into the rapidly growing Premium Price Natural segment in the country. And we'll finish up with Hill's. Hill's delivered flat net sales for the second quarter as organic sales growth 0.5% was offset by slightly negative foreign-exchange. Volumes were down 1.5% with pricing up 2%. We are encouraged by an notable sequential improvement in volume trends in the United States versus Q1, driven by continued strength in our eCommerce business and greater availability in the pet specialty channel. We made significant progress in regaining distribution and promotional activity in the pet specialty channel in the quarter and we continue to expect improved performance as we further aligned our strategic priorities with our top accounts in this channel. Our eCommerce growth continues to outpace the category as our eCommerce business in the U.S. doubled year-over-year in the second quarter. Also, our Prescription Diet business in the U.S. is growing nicely, driven by strength into that channel. Hill's continues to benefit from the recent US launch of Hill's Science Diet Youthful Vitality, which is especially formulated for dogs aged seven years and older to help fight the effects of aging. It's gaining share in the aging dog segment, driven by a strong integrated marketing program that has driven 43 million impressions across all platforms, including some of the most impactful digital advertising we've ever seen on the Hill's brand. We continue to see significant opportunity to build the Hill's brand in emerging markets with a special pet food category remains underdeveloped. Our emerging markets business volume growth in the quarter was led by Mexico, Brazil, Russia and South Africa. Now we'll turn your outlook for 2017. As stated in our press release, we lowered our guidance of flat EPS on a GAAP basis to down mid-single digits on a GAAP basis. The change in our GAAP EPS guidance is due to the additional projects I meant -- is due to additional projects bringing our projecting charges for the global growth and efficiency program to the higher end of our previously disclosed guidance range. On a non-GAAP basis, our guidance remains for low single digit EPS growth. Based on current spot rates, we expect net sales to be up low single digits for the year with a slight negative impact from foreign exchange. However, given the organic sales weakness in the first half of the year we now expect organic sales growth will be in the low single-digits versus our previous guidance of modestly below our historical long-term range of 4% to 7%. We still expect solid gross margin expansion but we're now planning for gross margin to be up in the low end to midpoint of our 75 basis points to 125 basis points long-term guidance range versus at the high-end previously. Lower topline growth in certain higher raw material cost have impacted our year-to-date gross margin performance. We still expect gross margin expansion to accelerate in the second half of the year given less impacts from raw material costs and greater benefits from our Funding the Growth initiatives. And now I'll turn it back over to Ian.
Ian Cook: Thanks John. So, let me come back to my introductory remarks and say that despite the recent category weaknesses we have seen, we believe a heightened focus on the full fundamentals I mentioned in essence, our focus on brand building and productivity will allow us to reaccelerate our top and bottom-line growth. So, let me talk a bit further about each of them in turn. The first one is you will remember increased advertising spend behind more impactful creative. So, we are as you know from the beginning of this year, committed to more consistent advertising investment sustained across the year with an increase on both a dollar basis and as a percentage of sales. The year-over-year increase in advertising investment is planned to accelerate in the second half as we lap lower levels of spending in the prior year. Obviously, part of this advertising will be digital, which is a growing percentage of our working media spend and when I talk about quality, we're talking about advertising that is tested to be motivating and persuasive with consumers using testing norms and what it sees is an increase in advertising behind what you might call the equity of the brand or the purpose of the brand advertising behind the base business sustained over time, while we use incremental advertising to launch new products. That the most immediate investment effect, but what I wouldn't want to forget is our increasing investment in building per capita consumption of toothpaste, which of course drives sustainable long-term growth, particularly for Latin America, Asia and Africa. Our Bright Smiles Bright Futures program is well on its way to reaching $1.3 billion children and teach them how to brush their teeth by target year of 2020 as you may recall, spending behind this program generates returns that are three times our return on traditional advertising and our analysis has shown that in our top markets outside the United States, 70% of our addressable population brushes their teeth on average less than one a day. The point being there is significant upside over time in consumption in oral care and so we are investing sustainably to generate that consumption over time. So, advertising for the near-term and advertising for the longer term. Secondly innovation, innovation of course across our portfolio for the balance of the year and into 2018, but innovation particularly in the Naturals space, which is a growing area of opportunity and further than that, specific innovation in the natural space for toothpaste, which is both an emerging segment and an effective counter we believe against local brands in Asia and Eurasia. Now on the natural side beyond oral care, John already spoke about progress with Tom's on UAP and obviously we broadened that Tom's range now into other personal care categories like body cleansing and bath soap. On toothpaste, we have launched the Colgate Naturals toothpaste line in several markets across three of our divisions and the rollout of that bundle will continue over the balance of the year, particularly across Asia. Our consumer innovation centers located in those geographies have allowed us to build bundles that are tailored to meet local needs and preferences, in other words a counter to the local brands we find in those geographies. I'm very encouraged by the initial results we're seeing. Now on top of that, as I have mentioned previously, in terms of regional brands, we continue to see benefit from underlying growth on brands like elmex and meridol in toothpaste in Europe, Darlie in China and Sanex in Europe. So that's the second. Innovation across the portfolio particularly focused on naturals and especially focused on naturals for toothpaste. The third is working with retailer partners full growth on our business and specifically greater investment behind the high growth eCommerce space. So, given the changes that we're seeing in the retail landscape, we continue to aggressively adapt our go-to-market execution to serve as the very different brick-and-mortar retailers growing in our categories today and of course e-Commerce. The focus nature of our portfolio and the industry-leading market shares that we have, make us relevant to the shoppers in those outlets and give us influence in our key categories and we of course are working very closely with our retail partners to help them drive traffic to their stores across all of the different segments of brick-and-mortar retail. Very importantly, we continue to build our capabilities in eCommerce and this I think is reflected in our leadership in toothpaste from an eCommerce point of view in our top markets, the United States, China and the U.K. and for Hill's as consumers increasingly move to online shopping we have the ability to reach an entirely new group of consumers and we make sure that our presence is structured to provide the information that pet owners need to make a smart decision about, which Hill's product is right for their pets. Interestingly year-to-date Colgate's worldwide eCommerce business growth is up 65%. So, an area of aggressive focus for the back half of the year and finally, the fourth aggressively maximizing productivity up and down the income statement. On the cost front, we are of course focused on realizing both short and long-term productivity in order to drive sustainable margin expansion funding the growth that you know well continues we believe to be a best-in-class productivity program that we used to work down cost on all lines of the income statement. In 2017 funding the growth is delivering significant saving in areas like ocean freight, direct and in direct procurement, co-packing and fragrance and formula harmonization. We're also tackling long-term cost structure through our Global Growth and Efficiency program. We'll continue to see benefits from our hubbing activity and our move to centralized Colgate business services and the back office services that they indeed provide and we have said consistently over the loft six to nine months that in this last year of our Global Growth and Efficiency program, we are being particularly focused to capitalize on the opportunity it affords us and so in the second quarter of this year, we initiated two additional projects as part of that program with the goal to better align our cost structure to longer-term trends. One, addresses the structure of our European business and one addresses our corporate infrastructure, both underway and these additional projects take us to the upper end of our previously disclosed cost and savings ranges and we continue to say that we remain very focused on identifying as many additional projects in the last year of this program. So those are the four areas of heightened focus; increased advertising spending behind stronger creative, innovation across the portfolio, particularly in Naturals and especially in Naturals on toothpaste against local brands, sharp focus with our retail partners and particular emphasis on the high growth eCommerce marketplace and continuing to aggressively maximizing productivity up and down our income statement with two new programs now public in this quarter just closed. So those are our areas of focus for the back half of the year and now I'd be delighted to open the line to questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions] We'll go first to Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.
Dara Mohsenian: Hey. Good morning.
Ian Cook: Good morning, Dara.
Dara Mohsenian: So, I am sure you guys are spending a lot of time analyzing the drivers behind the topline growth slowdown the last few quarters. My question is how much of the recent topline growth variance in the last few quarters versus your long-term forecast, how much of that do you think is due to factors that may linger longer term by consumer brand fragmentation away from leading brands that was sort of implied by your focus on natural and increased competitive environment or any other longer-term factors versus more of the shorter-term factors that mentioned and that's in both North America as well as emerging markets? And the background behind that is, is your long-term 4% to 7% organic sales growth outlook still reasonable? Why should we have faith in that given the magnitude of disappointment in the last few quarters, the fact that it sustained over a few quarter periods and has surprised you guys?
Ian Cook: Yeah well, a lot in there Dara. First, I think as we -- as we came into this year and we've had the two quarters we have had, when we talked about the prior quarter the first quarter, we clearly said we would be below that range and now we are saying based on the first half performance that our growth this year will be low single digits. I would not offer a comment at this stage on the 4% to 7% range. I think that's something that we would come back and revisit once we gain more practical experience of how this year unfolds. I will say there have been a lot of one-time or at least volatile episodes in the last couple of quarters particularly late in the second quarter, which have been -- which have been problematic. And it would be fair to say that the continuing slow consumer demand is worrisome, but there's nothing that we see in the data that suggests that consumer behavior is changing in any way. As John said, we have seen pockets of length and frequency of purchase and we're addressing that both strategically with advertising and innovation and also some price point action on the shelf. The competitive environment is variable. It can be volatile and it can be particularly sharp and we saw that for example in June here in the United States across many categories, heightened, competitive activity. So, I think that's going to be a variable and our belief and I think the most important belief here is that the consumer behavior will see the categories come back. The only thing we can practically do to address that in the short term is to drive our market shares because then whatever the category growth is we will be getting the best return out of the category growth that exists. And in that regard, I can say that our global year-to-date market shares are better or even with the first quarter shares on all of our about priority businesses. So, we are beginning to see our market shares rise. But I think before one takes a view on longer-term growth rates, one would want to see this year play out and get more information on that consumer behavior, get some practical evidence that indeed the consumption patents do return to the norm. And then when we give guidance for 2018 that would be the time to have the conversation.
Dara Mohsenian: Great. Thanks.
Operator: We'll go next to Bonnie Herzog, Wells Fargo.
Bonnie Herzog: Thank you. Good morning. Hi, I just have a few questions on the stepped-up innovation that you discussed. First, could you give us a sense of the growth rates of the natural toothpaste category versus non? And then how much cannibalization are you anticipating of your exiting business from some of this new innovation? I guess I assume this is a premiumization opportunity. So, to some extent, cannibalization could be welcomed. And then finally, curious what you have innovated here earlier. Were you not sure of the growth of this emerging category would necessarily be sustainable, but now you are and I guess for me it's sort of begging the question, are there other emerging categories that are pressuring your existing business that you might need to move more aggressively in?
Ian Cook: Yeah, well all good questions. It's suffice to say that the Natural segment is growing faster than the average growth of the category, which is what makes it attractive. We of course have participated in this segment for quite a while, particularly in markets where it's important Asia or even go back to now more than decade ago acquisition of Tom's of Maine here in the United States, which continues to grow very, very nicely. I guess the point is that the offering we are talking about now is different from the naturals offerings that we had thus far much more tailored to brands that now exist that didn't exist when we had our Naturals portfolio first in the marketplace competitive with those brands tailored from a flavor point of view and to the point you made at a meaningful premium price compared to prior offerings in the marketplace. So, it's more the tailoring of it than the existence of it because segments obviously more over time. So, I don't think it's a question of missed. I think it's a question of tailoring the product to the category as it evolves over time. And you know the question of cannibalization is a very difficult one to answer in the general. It varies market-by-market premiumization tends to reduce the cannibalization obviously with low businesses and we will of course be supporting our base businesses when we come with this premium innovations that we'll be working very hard to keep the cannibalization to a minimum, but regardless to the point you made from a cannibalization point of view this will be accretive from a pricing point of view and therefore favorable.
Operator: We'll go next to Wendy Nicholson, Citi Research.
Wendy Nicholson: Hi. Good morning. A couple things, first just to clarify, when you said your global eCommerce business was up 65% in the quarter, can you break out roughly how much of that was held versus for the core? And then just remind us off what base that is? Is global eCommerce still like 2% of your sales or is that number out to date? And then secondly, just kind of higher level, you talked a little bit in the prepared remarks about maybe taking some I think strategic pricing down a little bit in a couple of countries or categories and I wanted to go back to something that I had heard Noel talk about recently, which is a little bit more focused on raising pricing and revenue management and may be that Colgate's price points are below where the company would like them to be from a longer-term strategic perspective. So I get that you're doing things that are right tactical and strategic to recover some share, but how important is this concept of revenue management? How much it factors into your thinking of your growth algorithm going forward etcetera, etcetera, thanks?
Ian Cook: Thanks Wendy. Well the eCommerce growth 65% is indeed for Colgate in totality. In other words, it is the Hill's business and it is all of the Colgate businesses and frankly we don't intend to break out the difference between the two, nor do we intend to break out the percentage of that business that is eCommerce suffice to say it is still relatively modest, but very, very high growth. And once it reaches a tipping point, we'll certainly bring that information to the marketplace. The pricing reaction is actually not mutually exclusive. When we talk about price point adjustment at retail it is to be competitive on purchase cycles and while it applies to all of our categories in promotional pricing, it is less focused on oral care, which of course is what Noel was talking about. So, they're selective, they're surgical and they're less focused on oral care point number one. Point number two, from an oral care point of view, just the prior discussion on the Naturals offering, we're also bringing innovation that is materially higher priced to that business and as Noel may have described, in some cases as we have relaunched literally tiers of our business, TIERS, of our business in different parts of the world behind that relaunch we found a way of elevating the value the consumer gets and the pricing of the line to increase the average life -- the average price of our entire portfolio. So, I guess that's the way to answer it and yes, revenue management is extremely important, the topic that Noel talked about remains highly relevant and what John was talking about was surgical activity less applicable to oral care on promotional pricing, not strategic pricing.
Wendy Nicholson: Can you just put those two concepts together? I know you said consumer behavior vis--vis, the oral care category is really changing, but clearly consumer behavior with regard to eCommerce is changing a lot. So, if you think eCommerce plus pricing, in your analysis so far, if I'm buying toothpaste on Amazon as opposed to in Walgreens does the consumer tend to be more price-sensitive, more brand loyal, this is a high-level question you guys do such great job of analyzing the business. I am wondering if you have any kind of high level takeaways about how to make sure that your shares are as strong online as they are in brick-and-mortar, thanks?
Ian Cook: Yes, interesting Wendy, it kind of works the other way. What we observe on eCommerce thus far is that the consumer is actually -- tends to buy more premium and even if they're not buying the premium brands, they tend to buy in multiples. So, in fact the eCommerce behavior is favorable to us from a consumption point of view and if you look at the Hill's business, 15% of the Hill's business in the U.S. on eCommerce is subscription. So that means once they buy it one time, they're signing up to regular delivery of that diet over time, which is we believe a good business model for our brand.
Operator: We'll go next to Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks, this is actually [indiscernible] on behalf of Jason. Thanks for the question. Gross margin improvement has been impressive in spite of a softer topline growth, but guidance for the full-year was brought down slightly in spite of a good faith run rate proceeding. Now is this mainly due to the higher expected reinvestment you plan to make in the second half and would those continue into 2018?
Ian Cook: Yes, well thanks for the question, the gross profit as John said in his remarks was behind our expectations for the first half of this year, largely because of raw material cost increases, which in fact was primarily in the area of fats and oils. Interestingly, the cost of fats and oils has ebbed since the first half of this year. So as John also said, we now moving into a more favorable raw material cost environment and of course for this year thus far and it gets easier against our projections over the balance of the year there has been less transaction headwind because foreign exchange has not been so negative as it had been in -- as it had been in previous years. So, we are looking at what we believe will be a multiple benefit of material cost easing and transaction costs lessening and as John also said, we therefore expect to see a sequential improvement in gross margin as the year unfolds. So, I think that's the answer to the question.
Operator: Our next question is from Stephen Powers, UBS.
Stephen Powers: Great. Thanks.
Ian Cook: Hi Steve.
Stephen Powers: Hello a question to follow up on your advertising comments if I could historically if we go back your advertising was spread out pretty evenly quarter-to-quarter as a percentage of sales but over the last several years we've seen 200 basis point gap open up between first half spending and second half spending. And I know that directional you tend to close that just based on your comments but just say get back to 10% of sales in the back half which will still be 50 basis points slight of what I think you spent so far, this year that would imply 160 basis points of incremental spending in the back half than skew to Q4 if of my math is correct. I just love to get your sense if thats the right order of magnitude to be considering and then if so what kind of ROI do you expect that's going to have will it contribute to the second half topline improvement that you're expecting or should we not expect the list to really show through until fiscal 2018 perhaps that answer lies in how much spending goes to new launches versus the things like Bright Smiles, Bright Futures but just in the context to how you think about what the magnitude of increase spending and then the unexpected ROI and when you see it flowing through? Thanks.
Ian Cook: Yes. Good question. And I'm glad you got the scale thing on the table you're right for the last couple of years and I think we were quite express about this when we talked about 2017 faced with sharp foreign exchange negative impacts and with having no immediate to place to go. We reduced advertising and we said coming into this year we did not want to do that and but even if foreign exchange were going to run sharply negative for whatever global calamity reason that we would not go back on our advertising investment. And our intention at the time we said that and it remains our intention and our plan is to continue our advertising investment in the second half at approximately the same level in other words sustained advertising that we have seen so far across the first half. And yes, that will suggest a fairly meaningful set up in advertising investment. We think the ROI will be good this is now talking to the traditional advertising because as I said earlier we have a lot of advertising vehicles now developed that have tested extremely well. So, we know the advertising works very, very hard and is persuasive to consumers and interestingly it is good to have this balance between announcing what new and shall we say supporting and reminding of the reason consumers give trust to the brand in the first place. And so continuous advertising behind as we call it the base is an important part of that decision. And you're right obviously the Bright Smiles, Bright Futures investment is not a short-term investment but is again I tried to spell out we know the ROI on that is terrific we know we get good ROI on our media in general. And therefore, we are very comfortable with the investment decision and of course it is our expectation that this will be part of the reason to return us to growth as we work our way across the year. And again, Bright Smiles, Bright Futures we hope will be part of the reason why we will be able to sustain that growth in the toothpaste category out of the time.
Operator: Well go next to Jason Gere, KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Jason Gere: Okay thanks good morning guys I guess obviously what were hearing the first half of the year pricing help to offset I guess the weaker volumes and the second half it sounds like volumes will probably offset price to get to that low single digit. So just wondering if you can just lay out maybe a little bit more some of the macro, micro impacts that you saw in the first half how that place in the second half so on the micro side talk about some of the distributor changes in Eurasia, the U.S. liquid I think in Europe there were some packaging changes. So, there were things that were within your control and I was just wondering how that plays out in the second half. And in the macro side I think you were talking  besides India and how that kind of plays on the second half I think you said that there was some destocking in the second half of June where that is and maybe a little more color so how we can think about that going forward? Thanks.
Ian Cook: Good question Jason let me try and take it on. The U.S. dish reset, which I think we have well covered we now have the products fully in distribution there on the shelf where we want them on the shelf we were hit in June as we've said by heightened competitive activity very heightened. And we are responding to adjust our promotional planning on offering to jumpstart progress across the back half of the year. So yes, in our control and I think a plan in place to rebuild growth. On the decisions that affected customers I guess I would focus on of the three you raised you have decision to move broadly to e-commerce in the United States with our pet nutrition business which we continue to believe is absolutely the right decision. And were in equal opportunity believer in that space in other words we are just as happy to lean in aggressively with the retailer who has a brick-and-mortar offering and an e-commerce offering as we are with the pure play eCommerce company. We had a hiccup shall we say with a customer in the U.S. that hiccup is now substantially behind us and a return to normal promotional and other consumer engagement activity is recommencing and will of course build across the balance of the year. The European retailer matter I think John covered well we are seeing our market shares rebound quite nicely and growing sustainably and sequentially and we expect to see that continue across the back half of the year. In Africa/Eurasia we made those distributor choices that we again believe are the right choices for the business over the long-term and we will continue to lap those comparisons until the fourth quarter of this year. So, the third quarter will still be burden by a difficult comparisons and then of course the reality is that even though each of them we believe was in the right decision they had a compounding effect all at the same time which was problematic but I think faced with the requirement to make the decisions again we make the same decisions. The GST you know we were just digging out of the demonetization headwind and then boom you get the GST which basically saw the stock list close up sharp the last two weeks in June and we're hopeful you know barring another event that we will see that rebuild across the back half of the year. So, I think on balance those issues I think we've identified them before and I think we are in the process of building them. The macro environment looking forward you know it really comes down to the categories we think the behavior will come back, but we're focused on building our market shares so that whatever the category growth rate is we're getting frankly more than our fair share of that underlying growth so that's the way were thinking about that while we get more consumer data in terms of behavior as we work our way through the balance of the year.
Operator: Well go to Faiza Alwy, Deutsche Bank.
Faiza Alwy: Yes hi, good morning I just had broader strategic question because I think if you look at some of the per capita consumption trends it seems like the opportunity is really in some of these frontier markets like in Africa and India which can be pretty volatile from a macro point of view and may be geopolitical point of view. So, are you thinking about extending -- using your distribution network globally and extending it into other categories so maybe skincare you have a great brand in Sanex may be taking that global or another brand or just extending your overall reach into just these global markets where you a great set up?
Ian Cook: Yes, I think that's a very relevant and pertinent point and yes, of course it is within our strategic remit. It's not and I know you know this but it's not a simple as simply taking a product and putting it through a proven distribution system when you bring products the people may or may not be familiar with in their entirety i.e. from a usage point at all or certainly from a brand point of view it requires a considerable degree of investment and patients over multiple years to build a position in the marketplace. But the answer is yes, it is clearly one of the assets we believe we have that we can leverage the question will simply be timing and pace so watch this space.
Operator: Well go next to Kevin Grundy, Jefferies.
Kevin Grundy: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Ian Cook: Hi Kevin.
Kevin Grundy: First question if you dont mind just a housekeeping one in the past youve been kind enough to supply category growth rates by region U.S., Europe and EM so we get an update there. I think probably in aggregate category growth rates will probably come in about a point since 3Q but an update there will be helpful. And then the second question more broadly Ian would be around M&A and you talked a lot about areas of focus for the balance of the year which we well covered on this call so I appreciate that it's very clear. But the question is I guess given this sharp deceleration which we haven't seen your portfolio in a long, long time does this give you any pause with respect to M&A which is not been a big part of the company's portfolio strategy that's a nice tuck-in deals of course with Sanex and Hill's but said differently in a slower growth environment does this increase your appetite for M&A. And if so would you consider pursuing any businesses outside the current portfolio. Thank you.
Ian Cook: Yes, well category growth -- frankly its reasonably straightforward certainly for the last quarter the emerging markets are still mid-single-digits in some countries with much more of a presence now on e-commerce China would be the obvious example. And in the developed world what we have seen is a Europe and a United States or North America were essentially flat I mean that's the way the world splits today. M&A do we have appetite we've always had appetite were just I would say very strategic in our appetites and when we look at M&A we look at it from the point of view of strengthening the portfolio of the company not meeting our sales requirement. And certainly not jumping into a new business that we don't know where too much about and mustard would have been a very expensive one to get into for example. So, I think you could see us buy on the fringes of the businesses were in we have with Sanex for example you know lotions and creams that we are now expanding in Europe. But if we were to play an M&A and we are very keen on expanding our portfolio with the light asset I think you would see it in the broader definitions of the categories were already in oral care, in pet nutrition and in personal care and that's the way we think about it were not going to do anything in an undisciplined way adjust for a tactical response we remain king.
Operator: And well go next to Andrea Teixeira, JPMorgan.
Andrea Teixeira: Thank you hello good morning so can you elaborate more on your comment on the cadence of the quarter in North America and Asia it seems that June got worse from May and then the destocking was not only U.S. and China which obviously you mentioned in the last call as well as India. But I was just hoping to see if there is any other areas where you kind of recover from where we were in the first half. And if you can comment if orders are starting to come in faster now that we are probably six to eight months behind us in terms of the destocking mostly in the pantry and the retailer destocking. And related to that I mean in terms of the funding of your funding for growth you elaborate a lot on the sales perspective but is there anything that we can think of the SG&A I know you had invested a lot more in overhead over the past two months globally, but if you can elaborate if there is any other source of potential savings on that front that could allow you to continue to invest and faster further growth? Thank you.
Ian Cook: Okay Andrea well let me start with the global growth and efficiency program and the SG&A idea I mean you were right we remain extremely focused on maximizing our opportunity in this final year of that program and I think you know that is reflected in the two actions that we talk about in the second quarter one of which reflected in the costs in our filing both of them are directly and meaningfully in the SG&A space. They will play out over time in terms of realizing the benefit that they will afford a benefit and we continue to focus on finding other areas that we could do like without in any way damaging the firepower we need to be successful on the ground. So yes, it's a very clear area focus and I think it evidenced in the actions that we took. Its very difficult to come back to this cadence on the quarter again as John said in the U.S. actually the second quarter in aggregate was worse than the first quarter overall with the combination of a weak April and then a June that faded. In terms of destocking we have seen that on volatile basis I guess the only thing I can repeat is that we are seeing on a year to-date basis our global market shares in our priority categories are better or flat with the first quarter which gives us a sense that our underlying consumption driven growth is improving and we look forward with the four areas of focus I mentioned to capitalizing on that fully as we work our way through the back half of the year.
Operator: Well go next to Olivia Tong, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Olivia Tong: Hey thanks I guess perhaps can we talk a little about just the aggregate impact of some of these one-offs, like the dish in the U.S., France, GST etcetera. Just trying to understand what you think your underlying growth would be if not for all these things because it's still probably not at the end -- at below end of your long-term range. And then also given these one-offs and recognizing the comp differential in Q3 versus Q4 in the second half I was wondering if you could give a little bit more color there. And then just on naturals we talked a lot about specific for naturals and oral care and that was very helpful, but one category where naturals has also been taken disproportionate share is pet food and we've talked about that in the past but just wondering can you talk about how you think about that category and the growth potential there and interest in standing in naturals and pet as well? Thank you so much.
Ian Cook: Yes, well taking it in reverse order in pet we think about it more in terms of the formulation of our products we are unabashedly a brand that provides proven clinical benefits to pets whether it's preventative or whether it's curative with our prescription diet business. And certainly, on the preventative health line we have reformulated our products to put proteins first and not give people a reason to switch out of our business and if they value a particular clinical benefit to not have a barrier to them trying the Hills the product and we think that has been quite successful and conceptually moving into a very, very almost homes like naturals is difficult to do. We have tried a couple of times with Hills and the heritage of the brand doesn't give you the bandwidth to go pure on naturals. So, we've done it by formulation to eliminate barriers. I don't think at this stage given the compounding effect of the slowdown in our markets trying to do the math on what is the one-off and how does it relate to the underlying category growth is going to be particularly helpful because the expectation is that the category growth will come back. So, the reason the way were thinking about it is to say over the year we expect this year now to be low single digits from an organic sales point of view and we continue to be very focused on the consumer and the consumer behavior. We've taken some actions that John mentioned to try and capture the frequency of purchase in some of our businesses and as we learn more will be able to respond more authoritatively is the behavior coming back or is there something else driving what we see in the categories and we think it would be premature and probably misleading to get into that at this stage.
Operator: Well go next to Ali Dibadj, Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj: Hi guys so I have two questions one question is when we talk about those initiatives and that you laid out so eloquently around naturals local competitors, e-commerce, more ad spend, better productivity or lower SG&A. These are all things youve heard many of us kind of collectively push for and push you on the pass on these conference calls. I guess for a while I remember three years ago about eCommerce were only local competitors and all of us were kind of asking these questions ad spend has been an ongoing discussion. And now you're saying that we got to do something about these things. So, I guess my first question is I'm just wondering why it took so long to react what was turning point and now just still youre behind. So, I guess why it took so long. And the second question, I lay it aside if it's related or not I guess, but there's a lot of buzz out there right now a lot of discussion and I think your stock performance today given the numbers would suggest there is a lot discussion in investor community that the numbers today are so bad the number last quarter are so bad that they are actually good for shareholders and activists will come an acquirer will come in and get involved. What do you think about that view certainly helps your stock recently, but what do you think about that view and how hard will you work to specifically prevent a bid or an activist in that context so thanks for those two hopefully the focus questions?
Ian Cook: Yes, I guess on the first question I'm not sure I completely agree I think it's fair the criticism on the advertising spend and the lack of consistency of advertising but that we addressed coming into this year's budget and I'm just reaffirming that it is playing out the way we expected it to play out. On eCommerce, we have been very focused on e-commerce for a long time we may not have talked about it as eloquently as you find I did this morning, but we have been focused on it and I think that's why we have the toothpaste leadership positions in the markets that we talk about and the growth rate. And subscription levels on the Hills business that we talk about even if we took the pain of making those decisions in the marketplace which were now after almost nine months nearly a year just working our way out of. Naturals again we had been talking about the naturals for a while yes, it's only coming to marketplace right now when the local brands idea came up we were saying that that is our response. You can try this on the speed of getting it to marketplace and I won't fight that but in terms of the idea and that was accounted to the local brands we feel good about the offering that we're on. And on the efficiency, I'm not sure you were implying any critique of the productivity and I think the action that we have taken in this quarter that we have mentioned was evidence of our focus in that area. So, when we think about going forward would buzz is one thing and there seems to be increasing buzz in this world about virtually everything which can become an enormous distraction. So, the only thing I can say and I won't repeat the remarks I made at Bernstein, but I will say we are focused on the areas that I have mentioned we think these are the right areas to focus on to see a recovery in sales momentum across the back half of the year. We are focused on the SG&A line in our income statement to get us more productive from a reasonably advantaged base going forward. So, we have no blinders in terms of a need to focus on our cost structure and we will continue to do that and if we have more to say in that space we will say that in a way that we think is consistent with driving growth sustainably over time. And with or without buzz we are steadfastly focused on that. So, I'm sorry I cant sound more energetic it seems to fail me, but I think you can rest assured but we don't have to rest assured I guess I'm saying that we very much our focused-on growth and on cost structure.
Operator: Our next question is from Jonathan Feeney, Consumer Edge.
Jonathan Feeney: Hey and just thank you for your comment earlier about the focus on innovation to address yeah, the local brands and particularly in Asia and Eurasia I know its other places, but you called out that specifically. And I'm trying to understand maybe why is it now versus any of the times in the past 10 or 20 years where you had really nice businesses in these places that local brands are gaining traction. And does it have to do with a change that is relevant to other markets is it technology driven and specifically does it have anything at all to do with I know it's some markets in Asia e-commerce is developed somewhat rapidly. Does the pressure that puts on your retailers and retail distribution have anything to do with the increase traction some of these local brand forms are having with consumers? Thanks very much.
Ian Cook: Yeah, I think I don't think it's driven by e-commerce I think it's driven by shall we say business entrepreneurs who are local I think pleasingly for us it's driven by ideas that tend to be premium which are ideas we happy to compete with rather than perhaps in the early years ideas that were more pricing driven. In some cases, it's driven by affinities so the union by our brand in China was already a well-established wound healing brand in the country. You take it into the toothpaste category and say you stop bleeding gums well-known brand in the toothpaste category and they didn't do much advertising in the early years and the business started to grow. Patanjali in India takes a very nationalist view of his business so these are concepts in the local market. They tend to be premium price oriented and it means that you have to respond with a very specifically constructed offering that attacks the benefit the consumer is looking for. Hence the natural -- the natural reaction. So, I think it's more a function of entrepreneurs, concepts, affinity with the local, the market which is why we have innovation centers and technology centers in China to be close to the consumer on the ground in that country. And in the end, the winner over time in these clashes are going to be the companies that best understand the consumer and serve them offerings that they want over time and of course that's what we all resourced and focused on doing.
Operator: We'll go next to Iain Simpson, SG.
Iain Simpson: Thanks very much. Hello everyone. Couple of questions if I may, firstly just drilling down into advertising, this is a big picture stuff I guess. Your volumes are down 1.5% from the first half and that really does seem to imply very significantly with share loss. Yet your own -- your advertising is only up 10 Bps year-on-year and you're talking about marketing being about level in the second half as well. Is that enough up until 2014, your advertising was 10.5%, 11% of sales pretty much every year and recent years it's been more like 9% and 9.5% and we've seen your topline slow pretty meaningfully. So structurally where do you think advertising needs to get to medium term? And secondly, visibility on assets is pretty limited, but if you do get a big transactional FX tailwind be it in second half '17 or in 2018, what will you do with that? How much will you let through to the bottom line or will you reinvest it? What are the sort of key factors you'll look at; will you be in a position to make that decision? Thank you.
Ian Cook: Well, let me start by saying you start with a great name, so that's a good place to start. Our point on advertising was not to do with the advertising in the first half. Our point on advertising and the numbers you referred to in the recent historical cost was to do with adjustments downward that we made in advertising in response to unfortunately foreign exchange very sharply going the other way, but your second question was suggesting And when came into this year, what we said was that isnt what we were going to do. Advertising North of 10% is a good level of advertising and so what we said coming into this year is that we wanted to sustain our advertising across the full year, which means the comparison over the last couple of years is driven by a lower second half in those prior years and what will be a sustainable level over the back half of the year, which means the advertising will be meaningfully up versus the prior year. So, it's sustainability rather than a lack of in terms of -- in terms of investment and hey foreign exchange, you look at the last five years, I think the pundits have been wrong coming into basically every single year and if foreign exchange does turn positive, we will have a quick round of the applause and then we will bring it back to the business. Our general historical rule of thumb has been to reinvest some and to bring some to the bottom line. What we would actually do this time around would be a subject of internal debate but that rule of thumb has been our historical action.
Operator: We'll go next to Lauren Lieberman, Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: Good morning. Okay. First is I have to ask the gross margin pressure as we won't have it is one. And secondly, maybe let's talk about Latin America for a second, where things turned very much for the better and I think about six to nine months ago now I got to spend some time with Thanos, and he talked about a broader innovation pipeline in Latin America where you were going to be bringing more news to lower priced tiers in your portfolio to giving the consumer more room to trade up at a lower level. And I was just wondering have some of that news flow started to hit the market because it was a pretty significant change in that volume, really dollar weighted volume metrics that we can talk a little bit about what's starting to work in Brazil that we've started particularly this term, thank you?
Ian Cook: The gross profit roll forward, so prior year gross profit was $60.2. As you know we picked up 40 Bps from pricing between the restructuring, which is de minimis and funding the growth of positive 170 Bps, material negative 180 Bps, which was primarily the fats and oils as I said other 20 Bps and that takes you to the 60.7, which is up 50 basis points year-on-year. So that's the gross margin roll forward. I would say in Latin America it is a focus on the fundamentals. It is innovation. I wouldn't go so far as to say the lower end innovation is making the difference and I would say markets like Brazil. I'm afraid remain variable. So, we're very pleased with that bounce back, but we'll be watching very closely in terms of sustainability through the third quarter. But the fundamentals are the same fundamentals for Latin America across the back half of the year.
Ian Cook: Okay. I understand that is the last call. So, thank you for being with us and we look forward to talking to you again in October.
Operator: And this does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-28 11:00:00) =====
Executives: John Faucher - Colgate-Palmolive Co. Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.
Analysts: Bonnie L. Herzog - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Kevin Grundy - Jefferies LLC Stephen R. Powers - UBS Securities LLC Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Jason M. Gere - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Andrea F. Teixeira - JPMorgan Securities LLC Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC William B. Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc. Mark Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.
Operator: Good day everyone. Welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgatepalmolive.com. Today's conference call will include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from these statements. Please refer to the earnings release and the most recent form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings, also available on Colgate's website for a discussion of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these statements. This conference call will also include a discussion of non-GAAP financial measures, including those identified in tables eight and nine of the earnings press release. A full reconciliation with the corresponding GAAP measures is included in the earnings press release and is available on Colgate's website. Now for opening remarks, I would like to turn the conference over to the Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, John Faucher. Please go ahead.
John Faucher - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Thank you, Sherlon. Good morning, and welcome to our first quarter earnings release conference call. This is John Faucher Senior Vice President for Investor Relations. Joining me this morning are Ian Cook, Chairman, President and CEO, Dennis Hickey, CFO, Victoria Dolan, Chief Transformation Officer and Corporate Controller, and Elaine Paik, Vice President and Treasurer. This morning, I will start off with some general commentary on the quarter, will then go into further detail on the divisional performance, and I will finish up with some color on our outlook for the rest of 2017. As Ian said in the Press Release, Q1 was challenging, and from an organic sales perspective it fell sort of our expectations. Overall, we saw continuation of the sluggish market environment we highlighted on our 2016 year-end conference call. Several of the issues we highlighted on our call in January improved as expected, including the impact of the Indian demonetization. That said we did see some additional headwinds this quarter, which I will detail as with we go through the divisions. Despite these headwinds, there were several positives in the quarter, particularly in terms of earnings growth, gross margin expansion, and operating cash flow growth. Taking a brief run through the P&L, our net sales were flat in the quarter with organic sales up 0.5%. Our sales growth continues to be led by Latin America, which saw 9% net sales growth and 7.5% organic sales growth in the quarter. Organic sales growth in emerging markets was 3%. Organic sales were down 2.5% in developed markets. Volume was down for the quarter offset by positive pricing. Our gross margin expansion continued in Q1 on top of strong expansion in 2016. Our gross profit margin expanded 50 basis points on a GAAP basis and 70 basis points excluding charges from the 2012 Restructuring Program. We saw solid benefits from pricing and Funding the Growth. Our advertising spend in the quarter increased 1% on a dollar basis and was flat as a percentage of sales against our strongest advertising quarter last year. Versus our full year 2016 advertising to sales ratio, our advertising to sales ratio in the first quarter 2017 was up 120 basis points worldwide with an increase across every single division. We still expect advertising spending to be up year-over-year on both a dollar basis and as a percentage of sales for full year 2017. Given that Q1 was a high quarter mark for our advertising to sales ratio in 2016, the year-over-year increase in 2017 will be more weighted towards the balance of the year. On a GAAP basis, we delivered high single digit EPS growth. Excluding charges resulting from the 2012 Restructuring Program in both periods, our diluted earnings per share in the first quarter 2017 was $0.67, an increase of 6% versus first quarter 2016. Cash flow performance was very strong in the quarter driven primarily by our growth in net income and continued improvement in our working capital performance, particularly on receivables and inventories. Over the course of the quarter, we reduced both our receivables and our inventories by more than one day versus Q1 2016. Our operating cash flow was up 13% year-over-year, while our free cash flow, which we define as operating cash flow less CapEx grew by 14%. We returned $678 million to shareholders in the quarter through share repurchases and dividends. This was almost a 20% increase versus Q1 2016. And now we'll move to the divisions. We'll start off with North America. As other consumer product companies have said, Q1 was a difficult quarter in North America. In particular, we experienced challenges in our hand dish business and saw consumption weaken across the vast majority of our categories, particularly in the United States. Combined with inventory reductions in retail, this led to a 5% decline in net sales and a 5.5% decline in organic sales. Volume was down 5% in the quarter with pricing down 0.5%. A restaging of our hand dish line led to some market share losses in the quarter. This restaging involved switching out SKUs which temporary limits our ability to promote the brands and has led to an increase in competitive activity and market share erosion. We believe this transition, which is almost complete in the mass channel and will be complete in the food channel in the second quarter, positions the hand dish business well for future growth through increased shelf space and more effective consumer promotion. With the completion of the reset later this quarter, and new advertising already in the market, we think this business is well positioned to rebuild market share. On the rest of our U.S. businesses, our market share performance has generally improved sequentially over the course of the first quarter after a drop in late Q4. In particular, we have seen sequential improvement in our oral care share performance in the United States. The sequential improvement in our toothpaste share performance has been aided by continued growth in our premium portfolio. Tom's of Maine continues to gain share. Our Q1 launch of Colgate Optic White Radiant in the U.S. which is being supported with the robust integrated marketing campaign including significant TV and digital advertising support, has also aided our share performance. We also launched Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief Smart White in Canada another premium offering. The toothpaste category in North America and around the world continues to premiumize, and we are seeing success with innovation at higher price points. Year-to-date our mouth rinse market shares are up year-over-year driven by the Q1 launch of Colgate Total Advanced Health Mouthwash. When a consumer shakes the bottle, they combine the freshening and germ killing layers to reduce 24 times more bacteria than ordinary non antibacterial mouthwashes. Now we'll look at Latin America. Latin America continued to be a key driver of our growth in our portfolio, both on an organic sales and a net sales basis. Our net sales growth of 9% was driven predominantly by pricing, as volume was flat and foreign exchange provided a 2% tailwind. We continue to see growth in volume in Mexico driven by strong share gains in toothpaste. Year-to-date our Mexican market share in toothpaste is up more than 200 basis points to 82%. We have seen share growth across most of our toothpaste brands led by Colgate MaxFresh, Colgate Triple Action Extra Whitening and Colgate Anticavity. Mexico has also seen strong share gains in mouth rinse and bar soap. In Brazil, we maintained our leadership in the toothpaste category during the quarter with our year-to-date market share of 72.1%. Share performance was more mixed across the rest of Latin America. However, we expect this to improve going forward. We have several new product launches scheduled for the second quarter and we believe this additional activity along with our increased advertising investment year-over-year should result in more consistent share gains. Now we'll move to Europe. We are hardened by the sequential improvement in our volume and organic sales performance in Europe this quarter versus Q4 2016 which came despite some continued impact from our distribution issue in France. Europe net sales were down 5% in the quarter with organic sales down 0.5% and a 4.5 percentage point impact from foreign exchange. This represents an acceleration of 300 basis points on an organic basis versus Q4, driven by improvement in volume trends as volume was up 0.5% in the quarter versus negative 2% in Q4 2016. Net sales trends improved by 250 basis points sequentially as the improvement in volume was offset by slightly greater negative impact from foreign exchange. Encouragingly, for the quarter we saw sequential improvement in the UK and France from Q4 2016. Our volume in the UK was up nicely, and we improved our pricing on our base toothpaste business. In France, as expected, our business is still down year-over-year, but the rate of decline has lessened. As we discussed on our last call, we experienced the loss of some distribution in France. We began shipping again to that customer during Q1 and this should help improve our sales trends in France over the balance of the year. We also recently launched the Colgate Naturals oral care line in France. This product sells at a notable premium to the rest of our portfolio, which allows us to generate positive mix. We will be launching the Colgate Natural Extracts line in other European markets later this year. Other first half launches for the European division include Colgate Enamel Strength toothpaste, the Colgate 360 Advanced Toothbrush line and the restage of our Sanex Zero% line. Now Asia-Pacific. Net sales in Asia-Pacific were down 3% year-over-year driven mostly by the negative impact of foreign exchange. On an organic basis, sales were down 1%, a modest improvement versus Q4. For the quarter, volume was down 1% and pricing was flat. The primary challenge in this region was weakness in our China business where we saw significantly greater than expected retailer destocking due to the continued category shift from brick-and-mortar retail to e-commerce. While brick and mortar market shares in China were down year-over-year, we continue to see significant share gains online in China. This quarter we achieved e-commerce share leadership in China behind the Colgate and Darlie brands. Going forward, we also expect to benefit in China from the national launch of our Colgate Naturals oral care line, which Ian talked about at CAGNY. We conducted a test launch of this product in one retailer to validate the brand positioning and size of the opportunity. Based on the positive response to this test, we believe we have a premium concept that works and that we can roll out throughout China. Our Indian subsidiary has seen signs of recovery from the impact of the liquidity crunch in Q4. Urban consumption is back to normal. Rural consumption is still reflecting some lag effect as the wholesale channel has not completely bounced back. The Philippines also posted volume growth in Q1. Our toothpaste market share was up to 63% year-to-date, plus 110 basis points driven by market share gains on Colgate Triple Action and Colgate Sensitive. Along with the Colgate Naturals launch in China, Asia-Pacific should benefit from continued rollout of Colgate Total Pro-Breath Health toothpaste and Colgate SlimSoft Advanced toothbrush. Africa/Eurasia. The Africa/Eurasia division showed notable improvement in Q1. Our year-over-year growth in net sales, organic sales and operating profit all accelerated sequentially from Q4 2016 despite the continued impact from the distributor changes in our Sub-Saharan African business. The sequential improvement in volume performance was driven by South Africa and the North Africa/Middle East region. We're encouraged by the results from our new price tiering strategy on our base toothpaste brands in South Africa, which allows us to maintain household penetration, drive revenue growth and generate additional funds for advertising, all while driving margin expansion. Our advertising spending in Africa/Eurasia nearly doubled year-over-year in the quarter on a dollar basis. A notable oral care new product in the Africa/Eurasia division for first half 2017 is Colgate Total Pro Visible Action toothpaste which is being launched across most of the division. On the Personal Care side we have launched Palmolive Luminous Oils shower gel. Both products will benefit from significant advertising support. And finally Hill's. Hill's delivered 0.5% net sales growth for the quarter, driven by favorable foreign exchange. On an organic basis sales were flat year-over-year as the decline in volumes was offset by favorable pricing. Volume in the U.S. was down, driven by continued weakness in the U.S. pet specialty channel. We are making progress in regaining shelf space and promotional activity in pet specialty and continue to expect improved performance as we further align our strategic priorities with our top accounts in this channel. Our e-commerce growth continues to outpace the category as our e-commerce business nearly doubled year-over-year in the first quarter. Also our Prescription Diet business in the U.S. is growing nicely, driven by strength in the vet channel. Outside the U.S. we saw organic growth in Europe driven by our online business and consumption is up across almost all of our European markets. Our emerging markets business saw strong growth in both net and organic sales in the quarter. Hill's should continue to benefit from the recent U.S. launch of Hill's Science Diet Youthful Vitality, which is specially formulated for dogs age seven years and older to help fight the effects of aging. And now we'll turn to our outlook for 2017. As stated in our press release, we maintained our guidance of flat EPS on a GAAP basis and low single digit EPS growth on a non-GAAP basis. However, given the organic sales weakness in Q1, we now expect organic sales growth will be modestly below our historical target of 4% to 7%. Based on current spot rates, we expect net sales to be up low-single digits for the year with a slight negative impact from foreign exchange. We still expect gross margin expansion at the high end of our 75 to 125 basis points long-term guidance range. We will continue our intense focus on productivity. We have a strong pipeline of Funding the Growth cost savings programs for 2017. Furthermore, in the last year of our Global Growth and Efficiency Program, we continue to identify incremental opportunities to drive costs out of the organization. Our new organic sales outlook is based on an assumption that our category trends in the U.S. will improve versus Q1, but that growth will remain below the rates we saw in 2016. We expect sequential improvement in organic sales as we proceed through the year. There are several reasons why organic sales should improve as we go through the year. Our category growth rates in the U.S. have improved since the fall-off in February. We believe the performance of our U.S. hand dish business will improve as we finish the transition to our new SKUs. As we mentioned in the divisional sections, many of the headwinds that we saw in Q4 have lessened in Q1 and should be even less of an impact going forward. Our benefit from new products should accelerate as we deliver a broad array of innovation throughout the year, and the benefit from our additional sustained advertising investment. Finally, I have one housekeeping announcement. Due to scheduling conflicts, we will be issuing our Q2 earnings release and hosting our conference call earlier than normal this year. Our Q2 earnings release and conference call will be on July 21. Finally, let me clarify that the operator meant to refer to table 6 in our earnings press release in her opening statements.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Thanks, John. This is Ian. I thought that I would make a few summary comments on our position going forward specifically around top-line growth and I thought I might do that in a couple of ways. Obviously, when we provided our fourth quarter results, we identified some challenges that we were working through. And John has spoken to them, but I thought I would summarize them in one place and then comment further on the additional challenges we have faced this first quarter and why we expect to make the sequential progress that we have talked about. So if we go back to the challenges identified in the fourth quarter, the India demonetization, the consumption is clearly recovering and is expected to continue to strengthen across the balance of the year. In terms of France, the shipping has recommenced with that customer. In fact, we are already seeing a short-term market share uptick and, again, that redistribution should benefit our sales across the balance of the year. For our U.S. pet distribution, we are making good progress in regaining promotional activity across all of pet specialty, commencing in the second quarter and again expected to influence the balance of the year. And as John mentioned, e-commerce with that business continues to grow at an extremely strong rate, and pleasingly for us over half of the e-commerce business for Hill's is subscription which talks to the loyalty consumers have with that brand. And finally, the fourth, Africa/Eurasia, clearly we've seen notable improvement. The distributor changes are behind us although, of course, we will face that comparison through the third quarter of this year. And then turning to 2017, in the first quarter there are two I would talk to. Much of which has already been said relative to North America and more specifically the U.S. business around consumption weakness, particularly through February, the related trade inventory reductions and, in our case, some dish share loss related to our transition of the complete portfolio and vulnerability to some promotional activity that we were unable at the time to respond to. That transition will be complete in the second quarter with a more competitive product formulation, more competitive sizing and pricing, and trial-generating advertising and promotion is beginning. And so we think when the transition completes, we are well positioned to rebuild share. On our other businesses, as John commented, market shares have generally improved from the fourth quarter with specific improvement in oral care and category growth itself has improved since the decline in February. China, I guess a tale of two cities in a way. Continued strong focus on the high growth area, which is ecommerce and where we now have share leadership between the Colgate and Darlie brands. But as John commented, some short-term value share loss in the brick-and-mortar outlets. Now, as I have said before, if one takes the long view over the last eight years, our company market share is actually flat at around 32%, and it is the two other principle multi-nationals who have lost share to the local brands. But short-term we have seen a value share decline. Interestingly, our volume share in China, short-term, is up, and that talks to the opportunity with our new innovation Naturals at a premium price point in order that we could convert that leadership volume share into a higher value share with more premium innovation, which is where that local marketplace is going to. Moving beyond the specific challenges, we do have a full pipeline of new products, increasingly at premium price points, well validated by the consumers, and we do have increased sustained advertising investment levels up absolutely and as a percentage of sales for the year with the real year-on-year benefit unfolding as the year unfolds. And we know our business is responsive to that support. For the businesses where it matters, we have a relentless focus on growing share in e-commerce. We continue in the emerging markets to bring new users to the category and increase consumption with our 25 plus year commitment to oral care education. And we do have an opportunity that we are working hard to capitalize on of converting our volume share positions, which tend to be higher in market than our value share positions with the efforts we have behind revenue management. We have, as we always have, a very disciplined focus on cash flow and returns, well-spoken to by John. All I want to focus on is our particular focus on productivity. We were pleased with our gross margin expansion of 70 basis points in this quarter and we still are committed to our gross margin expanding at the high end of our 75 to 125 basis points for this year and we continue to work hard to identify incremental opportunities to drive cost out of the organization in this last year of our Global Growth and Efficiency Program. So to summarize, we are guiding for accelerated top-line growth starting in quarter two and that is where we are focused, accelerating that top-line growth. As I have tried to summarize, we understand and are on top of the challenges we're working through and we do have a strong, well-funded plan for the balance of the year and we will bring absolute focus to the execution of that plan. So, Sherlon, that's my prepared thoughts and I would turn it back to you now to open the line to questions.
Operator: We'll have our first question from Bonnie Herzog, Wells Fargo.
Bonnie L. Herzog - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you, hello.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Hey, Bonnie.
Bonnie L. Herzog - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi, I was hoping you could drill down a little further on the lower sales growth in North America and give us a sense of the magnitude of each of the issues you called out including your portfolio transitions in home care, retailer inventory reductions and the further slowdowns in the category growth. And then separately, would you say that the retailer inventory destocking in the U.S. remains a headwind or do you think things are improving on that front? And finally are you still seeing softness in the U.S. in April like Procter called out? Thank you.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Thank you for the one question, Bonnie. We're not going to drill down further into the U.S. business. We thought we were quite expansive in calling out the specific areas that affected that business, two of them much covered by external press as the quarter unfolded and indeed, as we indicated during our CAGNY remarks. I will say that the inventory reduction pressure seems to be behind us and have abated. As John commented in his remarks, we have seen improvement in category consumption since the fall off in February, and while we don't have complete data for the month of April, I would say that continues to be positive but not sequentially more positive than March.
Operator: We'll go next to Dara Mohsenian, Morgan Stanley.
Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey, Ian.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Hey, Dara.
Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: I wanted to stick to the U.S. also for a minute and just kind of taking a step back and giving us some perspective or a bit of the state of the union on your view of volume trends here, more from an overall category perspective. It's just  it's pretty shocking to see a 5% volume drop for you guys and understanding some of the inventory cuts and consumer spendings muted, et cetera, all of those reasons, it's still worse than we even saw if you go back to the downturn in 2008/2009. And I don't think it's just you guys. Obviously, you can see it in the peer results, you can see it in the Nielsen data. So just any perspective on what's driving the volume weakness from a volume perspective? And you mentioned you think category growth improves in the balance of the year, but what gives you confidence behind that? And then second, just on a related note, how do you adjust your strategies in light of that? And it sounds like promotion and advertising was clearly a focus a few months ago, but doesn't seem to be paying off to the extent it typically has in the past. So how do you kind of adjust the Colgate playbook that served you so well in the last couple of decades within this tougher environment? Thanks.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Yeah, I mean, that's a very deep and complex question, Dara. If you look at that first quarter, much has been said about weather. Much has been said about tax rebate checks and other external factors. From what we can see, with some retailers the tax rebate checks did seem to have an impact. And that is clearly behind us and hopefully will not reoccur next year, but we did indeed see volume decline in several categories and obviously, that is a concern going forward. As I said, we saw it pick up a little bit in March, continued to be better in April, although not at the March rate. We've been doing some custom work around the world, particularly in the toothpaste market to understand consumers' buying behavior and we're not seeing people stopping brushing their teeth. I guess, some of the data that is emerging, in some markets you have consumers who buy multiple packs of the product and store them in their bathroom and when times are uncertain work down their own bathroom inventory before they go back to buy at retail. Now, depending on the marketplace, the on average number of tubes in the home is around two, and with the purchase cycle you have on toothpaste that gives you confidence they're not stopping brushing. They're going to come back to reuse the product. So we think, turning back to the U.S., that it's a combination of the external factors, which are behind us, and the consumer in an uncertain time just working down that home inventory. But we're not seeing their brushing behavior change which, I think, is an important thing. And as John said, from a share point of view, the advertising and promotional activity we have had in the U.S. is producing results in terms of our market share growth as we came through the quarter. So we think that part of the go-to market is robust. It is our estimation that the consumer will come back to the marketplace because their fundamental behaviors have not changed. And I would say trial-oriented promotion is still important in terms of our innovation flow and even our base business. So I think what one has to guard against, consumers are clearly prepared for the right value they perceive in a brand to pay a premium price. And I think and we have said this before, pure price promotion toothpaste volume does not accomplish that objective over the long-term. So it still comes back to innovation and support behind the brand and the innovation over the medium term.
Operator: We'll go next to Kevin Grundy, Jefferies.
Kevin Grundy - Jefferies LLC: Thanks, good morning. Ian, question on the gross margin guidance, which you guys are maintaining the high end of the 75 to 125 basis points, based on John's prepared remarks, but I guess a couple of observations. Number one, you came at the lower end in the first quarter and gross margin comps get a little bit more difficult. And then given the difficult trade environment which you guys are contending with, which shows up in gross to net, it would seem like that would be a part of the strategy to increase that sort of in the balance of the year. And understanding you guys have a strong history with Funding the Growth to offset some of this, can you help us understand that your ability to deliver on the high end, which would suggest sequential acceleration in gross margin improvement, particularly in this environment, which is very competitive, particularly in the U.S.? Thank you.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Yeah, Kevin, sure. Let me do one piece of housekeeping as I go through this in terms of our gross margin for the first quarter and that is to give you the gross margin pricing roll forward on the year. So if we start with the prior year gross profit, which was 60%, we got a benefit from pricing of 90 basis points positive. So actually our pricing was up. We got a benefit from our Funding the Growth savings and our restructuring of 140 basis points exactly the same as the benefit we got in the previous year. Material prices were slightly more of a headwind in the first quarter than the fourth quarter or the prior year at 150 basis points. And then we had a modest 10 basis points negative of all other, which got you to the 70 basis points. So fundamentally, on that gross margin, the disproportionate year-on-year driver was negative material costs which traced largely to fats and oils, which went up sharply. And as you've probably been reading in the business press, the crop this year has been particularly strong. And we have seen fats and oils costs now coming down which will, of course, lessen the headwind of the material costs over the balance of the year, which will be favorable to us. And if foreign exchange stays where it is, we will have less of the transaction costs impact hitting us from a gross margin point of view. And as you know from our history, the benefit of our Funding the Growth tends to increase as the year progresses sequentially quarter-on-quarter. So that's how we're seeing it. It's still allowing us to be competitive. Interestingly, if you look at the pricing we have taken in the market over the years when foreign exchange was strongly negative, over the last four years of all of the markets in which we do business, the only two where the pricing we have taken is ahead of the CPI are Brazil and Argentina, which perhaps wouldn't surprise you. So we don't think we've stretched pricing too much and we have an adequacy of promotional and advertising activity over the balance of the year, I think, to stimulate our brands and hopefully categories.
Operator: We'll go next to Steve Powers, UBS.
Stephen R. Powers - UBS Securities LLC: Good morning. So I guess, taking a step back from the quarter for a moment, my question is really whether there's something bigger going on because it's very rare for Colgate to surprise so negatively on organic growth two quarters in a row. And obviously, as you say, you're not alone having heard from Kimberly-Clark, P&G and others. But some of the recent surprises do seem execution related, whether in France or Africa last quarter, pet before that, managing local competition and channel shifts in China, and now U.S. dish. So maybe a little more context around the U.S. dish surprise this quarter and why you didn't have more visibility to the sequential deceleration we're seeing today when you spoke to us at CAGNY and reiterated the intent to accelerate this quarter? But then more broadly, why should we not be more concerned only about Colgate's results, but of the state of the broader consumer goods industry? Because maybe this really does all blow over in the next few quarters as it seems like everyone is assuming, but for now this seems like an abnormally impaired operating environment even relative to the warnings we heard throughout the quarter. So a little bit on your situation specifically, but then your perspective on the broader industry would be great. Thank you.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Yeah. I guess, as you might expect, I bristle at the concept of executional issues. I mean, the reason I tried to go through the fourth quarter challenges in summary form this call was to try and put that in some perspective. Frankly, well, India demonetization was an issue that affected everybody, clearly external. From the customer point of view, we had several things going on, including some fairly tough discussions. And we're very disciplined in terms of how we manage our trading terms in order that we maintain the value that is in our brands. And we're also very disciplined in executing to a strategy that we deem is serving the consumers that we ultimately serve. And in the pet nutrition business, that is the shift to ecommerce which we are committed to following. And in the European case, we wanted to be responsible about the trading terms for our brands. And we suffered in both cases. That has now dissipated but, candidly, faced with the same choices, we'd make the same decisions. So they were decisions rather than execution. Africa/Eurasia actually the same. We found the negative economic pressures in those countries put distributors under pressure and it forced us, from a credit point of view, to make a decision. And we did, and we are rebuilding from that. So I would put all of those in the context of decisions made with the exception of India demonetization. And candidly, faced with the same decisions we would make them again and maybe that's just in certain cases the trickle-down effect of the slowdown in world markets as it affects other partners that we work with. Two aspects of the U.S. relates to the consumer and external factors, that is the trade inventory and the consumption weakness. The dish share matter again is a judgment. When you make these portfolio changes and basically change all of the SKUs in your line, you are frozen out of promotional advertising because you have to lock pricing through the transition period, you know you're vulnerable to promotional activity. Frankly, the promotional activity was at a much higher level than we had estimated. We still believe that making that change was right because we have a more competitive offering on the shelf in a more competitive array of packages and price points by channels of trade. And we expect that refreshed portfolio to rebuild over the balance of the year. And China, our e-commerce position is good and our volume market share is fine. We just need to do more to leverage that volume share up and we hope the Naturals premium innovation with more to follow will be the key to doing that. I think the fundamental issue here, Steve, is what are the underlying growth rates in categories and how do companies capitalize on those growth rates. As John said, from a U.S. point of view, we're looking at recovery over the balance of the year but not to prior year level. So our plans consider a slightly slower curve of return. And in the international markets, we are still seeing mid-single digit growth even if it has been more pricing than volume driven at this time and would expect to see that shift a little bit. So we don't think the fundamentals of the business are broken. We aren't seeing consumers changing their behaviors fundamentally, so we think it's a case of working through the short-term and the buying behaviors will recover over the balance of the year.
Operator: We'll go next to Faiza Alwy, Deutsche Bank.
Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yes, hi. Good morning. So, Ian, I just wanted to talk about, as you think about your algorithm going forward and the 4% to 7% sales growth, and then at the same time you look at your Funding the Growth savings. Do you think that you're doing too much with respect to Efficiency savings? And do you think there needs to be a step change in reinvestment, whether it's on the digital side or more investment in frontier markets sort of recognizing the reality of activism threats, et cetera. But do you think you need to sort of fundamentally rethink the algorithm?
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Well, thanks, Faiza. That's again a broad question. I must say we tend not to think in terms of algorithms. We tend to think more in terms of strategically growing the business and while the 4% to 7% remains our long-term strategic growth target, as we said in the press release, given the slow start to this year, we expect to be modestly below that range because of the factors affecting the first quarter. We agree your point that brands respond to and we think our brands respond to investment in innovation and in advertising support, and that's why we are so committed to make that investment sustainably over the balance of the year which will affect the year more as the year unfolds. We're very committed to that. We're committed to it digitally. We're committed to it in advertising. We're committed to it in research and development to create an underlying pipeline of innovation that can fuel the business. We're committed to it with the formation of commercial hubs, which in some cases is giving us more resources on the ground to build our brands that particularly applies from a selling capacity point of view in the emerging markets. So we're committed to making those investments. In some parts of the world where underlying growth rates are just slower and have been for several years, it is, I think, untenable to continue to operate the way you have because the business itself does not support the infrastructure servicing it. And we thought as we began our Global Growth and Efficiency Program, we had a wonderful opportunity to use the power of SAP, which drives all of our business to move this commercial hubbing idea, which we had 15 years of experience in very effectively in Central America, move the idea of shared services to service subsidiaries and free them up to operate on the ground. I would add, business service centers staffed by Colgate people, not outsourced, to make us more efficient and free up cost and free up funds to invest in the business. So I think we're very focused on this balance between how far can you go and what do you need to drive the business on the ground or to drive business digitally. And we certainly haven't shied away from any of those investments. So we agree your posture and we're working very hard to execute against precisely that.
Operator: We'll go next to Jason Gere, KeyBanc.
Jason M. Gere - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay, thank you. I guess, maybe following up on that last question. Seeing the trends that you saw, I guess, in January and February and the guidance that you're providing, I guess, about advertising, I'm just wondering if there was any need to step up some of the, I guess I would say the SG&A investments in order to kind of drive, I guess, the back half type of growth whether did the advertising budget change a little bit more shift to digital. Any other investment capability investments such as addressing more on the online business versus the brick-and-mortar with the slowdown there. So just wondering, over the last couple of months has there been any type of step change in terms of how you're investing over maybe the next year or so.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Well, I would say, Jason, I think more reflective of underlying trends than necessarily January and February, we're definitely shifting more of our investment to digital, no question, and we have many, many good, in fact, terrific examples of that. And that will continue and in some markets, I mean Hill's, for example, it's a 100% of the investment. So we will continue to push digital from a social, consumer engagement point of view. We're driving e-commerce as fast as we can. We're staffing separate groups to do that. China, we're beginning to see the outcome of that in terms of market share leadership in that country on e-commerce. So step change not in response to January/February, step change in terms of last year to this year and continuing to revisit the balance as this year unfolds? Absolutely. Absolutely.
Operator: We'll go next to Ali Dibadj, Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hey, guys.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Hey, Ali.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: So remember when we all debated on these calls whether lowering advertising spend as a percent of sales and shifting much more to trade spend which has grown to about four times your advertising spend, and we were debating whether that would lead to slower growth in top-line and some market share issues, and I guess, I'm assuming you all remember that. In retrospect, do you think that had anything to do, has anything to do with the slowdowns you're seeing today in the top-line, especially when yes category growth has slowed? But there are some kind of dollar share loss challenges, market share kind of challenges out there that are persistent, whether it be Brazil, UK, France, maybe coming back giving Carrefour, or China, India, at least it's more challenging. Mexico, you've turned a little bit. So a little bit of the ad spend postmortem would be helpful. And then as it relates to that, last time you were kind enough to give category growth targets, so North America 2%, Europe flat and emerging markets 5%. Clearly that didn't play out for the quarter, but could you update those numbers as you look forward for the rest of the year?
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Yeah, well, let me start with the second and in terms of the category growth. So for the emerging markets, in general, we're continuing to see mid-single digit category growth. And as I've said earlier, sometimes more weighted to price than to volume, but nonetheless in that mid-single digit range. As we have said before, the European environment is quite flat, and we would say 1% would be exciting for Europe. And I think, we've kept that generally flat view from a European point of view. I think, from a U.S. point of view, we had been in that 1% to 2% range for the U.S. business. And based on what we're seeing today, I think  before we were even thinking, gosh, we saw some months where it was moving beyond 2% and thought the exuberance of 3% might be on the cards, but I would say category growth in the U.S. you might expect to be to the lower end of that 1% to 2% range than beyond the higher end of the range. But we'll have to see how the year unfolds. On the advertising discussion, Ali, I don't buy that. We continue to invest intelligently at retail. We continue to find ways. I was just in Europe the other week and saw some interesting ways we leverage the dermatologists with promotional activity at retail in France. There are many ways today that you can structure programs that are brand-building, not simply trade spending to build your brands. I agree with you and I think we were clear that we did not want to find ourselves this year in the position of reducing our advertising investment, our below the line advertising investment when faced with some of the surprises everyone has felt from foreign exchange, and we have made that commitment, and we will stick to that commitment. And that's something that will guide us going forward. But I don't think the Colgate advertising stance has affected the category growths. The category growths are what the category growths are.
Operator: We'll go next to Olivia Tong, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you. First just one clarification. You mentioned both in the UK and Africa improving price on base toothpaste. Are you making any changes to opening price points in any other markets? And then just bringing the focus back to the U.S. and sort of the step change there. I guess for, not just you guys, but are you and quite frankly many of your peers just tapping the market in a way that worked for prior generations, but with millennials forming households and this generation that grew up, like, Googling to do their homework and consuming everything on their phones and iPads. They're just not shopping and consuming the same way that prior generations did, they don't hold as much inventory in their house. They don't need to do that anymore, because you just yell at Alexa when you need to replenish something and it comes to your door within two days. And that convenience matters more and maybe in-store promotion doesn't have the same lift that it used to. And if that's the case, how does it influence pack size and innovation? And do you think that the industry, including yourself, is doing enough, because every generation will have differences relative to the prior one, but it does feel like this one is more of a step change than in the past because we've talked about how the retailers are holding less inventory, but what about the consumer too are? And it's not just because times are tough right now. Thanks.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Yeah, well, thanks Olivia. I'm going to go home tonight and ask Alexa for sequential organic growth in the quarter. That would be very helpful. But to take your two questions. The opening price point idea. I think the thinking here, Alexa is that  Alexa. The thinking here is that we have an opportunity, as John said, to convert our volume share into higher value and that has  there are two elements of strategy to that. One is innovation that the consumer values that carries a premium price point that helps shift the portfolio over time. The other is finding intelligent ways to group and tier brands in your base business to elevate value with pricing being a component of the value delivered. And yes, the two examples given are the U.K. and South Africa, but it is clearly something that we are considering more broadly than those two countries. On e-commerce, I don't think as you imply correctly that the sort of millennial effect or the new household effect relates to the first quarter category slowdown and this is highly variable around the world. I mean, you've got a situation in Latin America where I think it's over 40% of new parents are already millennials and frankly their shopping habits are not yet highly developed from a consumption point of view on the Internet, but they're heavily influenced by social engagement on the Internet. So we reach them disproportionately through social media, but they shop in the traditional outlets that perhaps even their parents shopped in, maybe some change from a physical location, but it's not yet Alexa online driven. In the U.S., there is more of that shift. We see it most markedly with Hill's, and we like that. I mean, frankly if 50% of our e-commerce business is subscription that attests to the strength of the brand. And when you get to that kind of relationship with consumers is does that require new packaging, et cetera? The answer is yes, it does, and we have a terrific example on Hill's with Amazon where we worked to reshape the packaging in terms of protecting the product. In terms of using recycled material in the packaging in terms of that outer case being recyclable, which is something that the average pet parent that buys Hill's is interested in because it shares their value set. And so yes, when we move down that path, we indeed do all of those things and we're pushing hard. We are the leading company in oral care online in the United States. So we're moving hard down that path but still, in aggregate, in our categories today, the Internet is not a significant part of the business, but we're well positioned to capitalize on it if that hits a tipping point just as we've capitalized on it in China where indeed it is growing much more quickly than it is in the U.S. So should that shift happen, I think we're putting the right resources in place to capitalize on it, but not a significant force yet.
Operator: We'll go next to Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan.
Andrea F. Teixeira - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, good morning. Thank you. I just want to follow up with the Chinese destocking. I was just hoping that  John mentioned that it was basically due to the shift to online. So I was hoping to see if you can give us any color on how that is evolving, and when do you think that would be behind us? Thank you.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Yeah. The way we think about it, as I said our volume share is up a little bit in China, which is good. I would say one of the other benefits we have in China, we have a multinational brand and we have a Chinese brand and I think that helps our market position in China, and strengthens our view going forward. This shift to e-commerce is continuing at quite a clip. So our current view is that it's going to be a couple of quarters before that's completely resolved.
Andrea F. Teixeira - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And on that, Ian, if you can comment. You said about the commentary that Ali had asked on the category growth and, Ian, out of the 5%, could you give us a sense of how you'd be seeing for emerging markets going forward?
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: I'm sorry, I missed the  emerging markets we did say 5%, yes.
Andrea F. Teixeira - JPMorgan Securities LLC: It's still 5%. I'm sorry, yeah. Thank you.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Yes, yes, I said that. Yeah.
Andrea F. Teixeira - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: I mean, mid-single digits around that 5%. Yeah.
Operator: We'll go next to Jonathan Feeney, Consumer Edge Research.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Thanks very much. I guess it turns out a little bit of a follow-up on e-commerce and China. Can you tell us, Ian, if you can or give us a sense, how your volume share in e-commerce now compares to your volume share in brick-and-mortar. How is it different, like what's allowing you to gain share in e-commerce right now, like how are the competitive dynamics different, the things you have to do? And how does that market more broadly show us what development of e-commerce is going to look like in North America and Western Europe if it shows us anything at all? Thanks very much.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Yeah, so the answer is we lead, but the leading share is below our brick-and-mortar share. That is often the case with e-commerce because e-commerce tends to carry a lot more brands in their list of offerings. So there's still opportunity to expand there. And my gosh, the what's different, I mean everything is different. I think the most fundamental way to say it is that you can't think of e-commerce as if it's a digital shelf. So you have to be focused on engaging with the consumer on the way to transacting with the consumer. And there are many cues to good engagement, including how you show the product, including how you promote the product, including the ratings behind the product. So there are lots of touch points on the way to converting that engagement to sale. There are price points that work. And so we have teams that focus on all of that. The good thing with e-commerce is you get a real data flow in terms of the purchasing behavior of the consumer and you can react in terms of the way you go to market and offer your product to that consumer. And we're always trading ideas between what is working in the United States and how is the Chinese e-commerce business unfolding.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: And Ian, when all's said and done, will e-commerce, will a fully developed or a largely developed market whether China or anyplace else in e-commerce, in your opinion, wind up. I mean, can it be a more profitable market for Colgate?
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: I would say the answer to that is yes.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Bill Chappell with SunTrust.
William B. Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Good morning.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Hey, Bill.
William B. Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Ian, just a couple actually specific questions on the quarter. First on the hand dish issues in the quarter. I mean, was that a surprise? I imagine you've restaged products before and seen competitive pressure, so I'm just trying to understand what was the disconnect in the quarter from what you were expecting. And then also on pet, you'd talked about weakness or John talked about weakness in the pet channel. Was that largely just in line with the channel or were there still some carryover from the issues you've had specifically with the retailers and some of your brands?
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Yeah, to answer the second first. Yes, there was the lingering overhang of the issue we talked about on the fourth quarter which, in thoughtful language, we tried to convey is in the process of being addressed and should start to see a benefit back as we move through the balance of the year. So the answer to that is yes. I guess what was surprising about  two things about hand dish. Number one, it is rare that we restage an entire portfolio. But we felt from a competitive point of view that we not only had to make and wanted to make formula improvements to our product, but we wanted to completely reshape the sizing and pricing to compete in the different retail outlets more effectively. And with major retailers, you're given one window a year to do that. So either you do all of it in one go or you do one bit this year and then the next bit a year later in which case the sizing and pricing wouldn't harmonize effectively. So we made the judgment call to do it all in one go. And I guess what surprised us was the intensity of professional reaction in that category. That category was actually down from a consumption point of view quite significantly, and the competitive reaction perhaps because of that decline was, I think, four times the normal level. And we were frozen on pricing because we were making the change, and so we took a disproportionate hit. Now, I think the thing here now is to look forward and say that reset is almost completed. We have a better product, better packaging and sizing and pricing portfolio on shelf, and we have the trial building advertising and promotion just commencing, so we're looking to recapture that share with a better offering as we go across the year. So I guess that's the answer.
William B. Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Got it. Thank you for the color.
Operator: We'll go next to Lauren Lieberman, Barclays.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks, good morning.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Hey, Lauren.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey. So I want to ask a little bit actually about productivity. So what was in the press release, and I think in the prepared remarks you talked about the final year of the Global Growth and Efficiency plan. You're looking for further opportunities. I wanted to be clear if that was sort of further opportunities in the confines of that program end this year, or if that's also about looking forward as to what comes next and just some broad thoughts around opportunities to bring down SG&A levels? Thanks.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Thanks, Lauren. Yeah, I would sort of come at that from where you ended rather than where you started. I think what we are focused on is incremental opportunities to address SG&A, and obviously we would like that to impact the business consistent with our current Global Growth and Efficiency Program timing. If that intense focus reveals future opportunities that we should consider, then we will clearly do that and be transparent about that at the appropriate time, but it is really a sharp focus on how can we meaningfully impact within the confines of the current program.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: So, Ian, does that mean that this year the outlook is dependent on coming up with more SG&A programs to fund the advertising you already are planning on doing?
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Absolutely not.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Or no.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Right, so I want to be clear on is that that this year context and looking to do more.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Yeah, in other words, this year context is looking to do more than is in our plan.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thank you so much.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Sure.
Operator: And we'll go next to Mark Astrachan with Stifel.
Mark Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thanks, and good afternoon everyone.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Hey, Mark.
Mark Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Wanted to ask about how you're thinking about monitoring responding to local competitors in key markets where, like, China you're seeing this becoming more of a source of competition. And then related to that, is there a category that as you look at those local competitors, you're more concerned about potential share change becoming better competitors. And it would seem from the outside looking in, it's oral care sort of the obvious one, so maybe you could talk about that a bit and sort of go from there?
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Yeah, I would say many have mentioned this, local brands have become more of a factor. Their effectiveness actually varies market by market. We have a space in Latin America, and they have ebbed from the sort of five share points that they got to. I guess, China would be the most obvious and I tried to address that in my China comment, which is to say I think because we have a portfolio that includes both a, you might say, local brand and Colgate that we're quite well positioned there and indeed have opportunity to take premium up. The way to meet local brands, at least so far in our experience, is you have to cover their positioning. And in the case of many local brands around the world these days, indeed as we are doing with Tom's in the United States, but many of them attack the marketplace with a kind of a naturals view, so whether it's India or China or other parts of the world, we have some naturals innovation that we are bringing to the marketplace. It can be different market by market but the general idea is naturals and we think that is the weapon, remembering in China that Colgate has held share for the last eight years, that we think that kind of offering and shall we say China for Chinese advertising is the key to the local brand. So they will be there. Some have interesting concepts, and I guess the job of the marketer is to meet the interesting concept. And that's what we're trying to do.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Okay, so thank you. I understand that's the last question. Thank you for all of your questions and interest in the company. And Alexa, sell more.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-01-27 11:00:00) =====
Executives: John Faucher - SVP, IR Ian Cook - Chairman, President & CEO Dennis Hickey - CFO Victoria Dolan - Corporate Controller Elaine Paik - Treasurer Bina Thompson - Chief IRO
Analysts: Caroline Levy - CLSA Americas LLC Wendy Nicholson - Citi Dara Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley Stephen Powers - UBS Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein Nik Modi - RBC Capital Markets William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Jason Gere - KeyBanc Capital Markets Linda Bolton Weiser - B. Riley Stephanie Benjamin - SunTrust Investment Bank Mark Astrachan - Stifel Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgatepalmolive.com. Today's conference call will include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from these statements. Please refer to the earnings press release and the most recent Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings, all available on Colgate's website, for a discussion of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these statements. This conference call will also include a discussion of non-GAAP financial measures, including those identified in Tables 8 and Table 9 of the earnings press release. A full reconciliation with the corresponding GAAP measures is included in the earnings press release and is available on Colgate's website. Now, for opening remarks, I would like to turn the conference over to Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, John Faucher. Please go ahead, John.
John Faucher: Thanks, Alicia. Good morning, and welcome to our fourth quarter earnings release conference call. This is John Faucher, Senior Vice President for Investor Relations. Joining me this morning are Ian Cook, Chairman, President and CEO; Dennis Hickey, CFO; Victoria Dolan, Corporate Controller; Elaine Paik, Treasurer; and, Bina Thompson, Chief Investor Relations Officer. On a reported basis, our net sales were down 4.5% in the fourth quarter primarily due to foreign exchange and the impact of the Venezuelan deconsolidation. Organic sales were up 1.5% in the fourth quarter. The organic sales growth in the quarter was driven by improvement and pricing while volume excluding the impact of the deconsolidation of Venezuela was down 1%. Pricing was up 2.5% in the quarter. Latin America was the driver of our organic sales growth this quarter posting continued volume growth, excluding the impact of the deconsolidation of Venezuela and strong pricing. In other regions, we saw headwinds in several of our markets, some of which were driven by one-time factors like Indian demonetization and some distribution challenges in certain of our African businesses. We also did see a slowdown in category growth later in the quarter in some markets. For the year, reported net sales declined 5%, while our organic sales grew 4%, driven by a combination of pricing and volume growth. For the full-year, organic sales grew in every division except Europe which is flat. Excluding the items testified in table eight of our press release, gross profit margin was up 180 basis points in the fourth quarter of 2016 versus fourth quarter of 2015 led by cost savings from our funding and growth initiatives and our restructuring program. On a GAAP basis our growth profit margin was up 160 basis points in the fourth quarter 2016 from fourth quarter 2015. Excluding the items specified in table nine of our press release, our full-year growth profit margin rose 160 basis points to 60.3%. On a GAAP basis, our growth profit margin was up 140 basis points versus the year-ago period to 60.0%. Excluding the items specified in tables eight and nine of our press release, our operating profit was up 2% in the quarter and flat for the year. Operating profit on a GAAP basis was up significantly as we lapped a deconsolidation of our Venezuela and operation. Excluding the items in table eight of the press release deluded earnings per share on a dollar basis for the fourth quarter was $0.75 up 3% year-over-year. On a full-year basis, deluded earnings per share on a dollar basis excluding the items in table nine of our press release was even with last year was up double digits on a currency neutral basis after also excluding Venezuela's results in both periods. On a GAAP basis EPS was up 79% year-over-year primarily due to the impact of the deconsolidation of Venezuela in fourth quarter 2015. Very strong working capital performance we continue to grow our free cash flow further strengthening our balance sheet. For 2016, our net cash provided by operations was up 7%. A year-over-year reduction in capital expenditures as our restructuring program is entering its final stages meant a free cash flow before dividend was up 13% year-over-year. While the Q4 organic sale growth was lower than anticipated, we are optimistic that the pace of our growth will improve as we progress through the year drive by increased advertising support behind a full pipeline of new products around the world. From an EPS standpoint on a dollar basis, the excluding charges from the 2012 restructuring program and the other 2016 items specified in table nine of our press release based on current spot rates, we are planning for growth in the low single digits. The main drivers versus our previous expectation are foreign exchange and flowing category growth in several key markets. We expect free cash flow before dividends to be strong in 2017, reflecting solid operational results and continued focus on working capital. Now, we'll go through the performance in the division. First off North America. North American net sales, unit volume, pricing, foreign exchange and organic sales were all even with last year's fourth quarter. In the U.S., volume growth in two states was offset by declines in tooth brushes and liquid hand soap. In the quarter we saw strong volume growth for our Canadian business and put on demand. Operating profit declined 3% in the quarter. The gross profit margin expansion was more than offset by an increase in selling general and administrative expense. Up here, North American highlights in the quarter. In the U.S., we finished the year with market share is either upper flat majority of our categories, our innovation continues to perform well. We have a strong pipeline plan as we head into 2017. Our premiumization strategy continues to pay dividend. The Colgate Optic White franchise finished 2016 with 6.4% market share year-to-date up 80 basis points year-over-year. We expect further momentum in 2017 behind this month launch Colgate Optic White variant. We are also seeing year-over-year improvement in market share as for our sense for sensitivity business helped by our latest launch of Colgate Sensitive Smart White toothpaste. Tom's domain also posted a growth in the quarter in a year. Year-to-date Tom's toothpaste market share is up 20 basis points versus last year driven by new products particularly rapid relief sensitive toothpaste. Latin America finished the year strongly with organic sales growth of 10.5% in the fourth quarter. Including the impact of the deconsolidation of Venezuela and foreign exchange, net sales were down 10.5% for the quarter. We remind you that we have now lapped the Venezuela deconsolidation and 2017 numbers will not need to be adjusted. Excluding the impact of the deconsolidation of Venezuela, we saw a volume growth of 1.5% in the quarter, with growth in markets including Mexico, Columbia and Argentina, partially offset by declines in Brazil. While currency and impact of the Venezuela deconsolidation resulted in a net sales decline in this division, productivity from funding the growth and pricing helped deliver 550 basis points of operating profit margin expansion. Thus operating profit grew in the quarter despite the net sales decline. Some highlights in Latin America include, in Brazil, our toothpaste share is at 73% year-to-date up one share point year-over-year. We are seeing strong share growth in both Colgate Triple Action and Colgate Maximum Cavity Protection. In Mexico we maintained toothpaste market leadership with an 81% share behind strength in our Colgate Luminous White brand with market share performance improving sequentially as we finish the year. We remain encouraged by the solid volume in organic sales performance of our Mexican business. Latin America should continue to see benefits from a strong innovation calendar in the second half of 2016. In personal care we've seen multiple innovations across the Protex, Palmolive, Speed Stick and Lady Speed Stick brands in the third and fourth quarter. Now, moving to Europe. Europe's net sales and organic sales in the fourth quarter were down year-over-year, with sales impacted by macroeconomic condition, foreign exchange and difficult retail dynamics. Organic sales were down 3.5% in the quarter driven primarily by volume declines in France, where our categories flowed sharply in the quarter with the United Kingdom partially offsetting the decline. Operating profit in Europe was down 5% in the quarter, driven by the net sales decline. Operating profit margin was up 70 basis points in the percentage of sales driven by lower selling general and administrative expenses. Our market share performance in Europe is solid. We continued our toothpaste share leadership at 35% of the market and our premium price Gard business continues to grow share, up 40 basis points here to date in Europe. We've seen regional share in market gains here-to-date in manual and battery toothbrushes, body wash, bar soap, body lotion and fabric softener. Our manual toothbrush here is up 170 basis points for 2016 driven by the premium priced Colgate Max White toothbrush with built-in whitening pen. In Q1, we have significant new product news in toothpaste, behind the launch of Colgate Enamel Strength and our Colgate Natural Extracts toothpaste. Now, Asia Pacific. Organic sales decline minus 2% in Asia Pacific with flat volume and negative pricing. Volume growth across most of the division was offset by a decline in India caused by the demonetization. The negative impact of foreign exchange further contributed to the net sales decline of 4% in the quarter. Operating profit was up 3% year-over-year, operating profit margin was up 240 basis points year-over-year driven primarily by lower selling general administrative expense. And points on Asia Pacific include, as mentioned above, in India, demonetization cost us a swing from strong growth through Q3 to a decline in Q4. Our recent launch of Colgate Cibaca that sharply continues to gain momentum in the fast growing natural space. In greater China, we still have work to do. But our organic sales growth improve sequentially and our volume is positive for the quarter. Our online business is accelerating, offsetting most of the impact from a difficult offline market. Now, Africa, Eurasia. Net sales in the region were down 1.5% in the quarter and organic sales declined 2%. Our Africa Eurasia business was negatively impacted by business disruptions with certain distributors primarily due to liquidity issues in Sub-Saharan Africa. Volume was down 12% in the quarter, driven by the Sub-Saharan Africa regions and South Africa. Pricing was up 10% and was positive across much of the region. Operating profit was down 4% in the quarter. Strong gross profit margin improvement driven by pricing and funding the growth was offset by increased advertising environment. Overall, our toothpaste market share is an after Eurasia continued to trend positively with our shares up year-to-date and the majority of our markets in the division. Q4 highlights in Africa Eurasia include our toothpaste market share in Turkey continues to grow year-over-year driven by Colgate Total. Colgate Total brand market share is up 70 basis points year-to-date driven by the Colgate Total Pro line which shared growth for Pro Breath Health and Pro White. And in Saudi Arabia, the second largest Oral Care market in the region, our toothpaste market share is up a 100 basis points year-to-date driven by Colgate Maximum Cavity Protection, Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief and Colgate Total. Now, finishing up with Hill. Q4 was a difficult quarter for Hill due to challenges in the pet facility channel. Organic sales were flat in the quarter as growth and pricing was offset by volume decline. Net sales were up slightly and included a benefit from slightly favorable currency. Operating profit grew 7% primarily driven by growth profit margin expansion as funding the growth savings and increased pricing and offset higher cost. In the U.S., our strong growth in online indust was more than offset by weakness in the pet facility channel. We continue to expand our online availability in the U.S. and our e-commerce growth in the quarter and the year was very strong. We are also seeing significant growth in our online business in Europe, where e-commerce is an even bigger piece of the pet utility category. Developing market volumes were up nicely driven by Hill's Prescription Diet Metabolic + Mobility and Metabolic + Urinary, Hills Prescription Diet Derm Defense and Hills Prescription Diet z/d. That's it for the divisions, and with that I'm going to turn it over to Ian who has some thoughts on our 2017 outlook. Ian?
Ian Cook: Thanks, John. And good morning everyone and let me wish you all a happy and healthy 2017. What I'd like to accomplish this morning is two things. 1) Reflect a little bit on 2016 and 2) then talk more specifically about our plans for 2017 in the context of the fourth quarter we have just completed. I think it is safe to say that 2016 has been a year of growing uncertainty filled with unpredictable and disruptive events, especially in the fourth quarter when we saw significant foreign exchange volatility following the U.S. elections, the unexpected demonetization activity in India and category slowdown in several of our key markets. Against that I would say, overall for 2016, we delivered solid performance overall. Topline organic sales growth up 4%, broadly healthy market shares as John has exampled in his remarks good gross margin progress up 160 basis points to 60.3% and just over 3.1 billion net operating cash flow up 7%. As we move into 2017, I think it's safe to say that the uncertainty continues and indeed there is likelihood of more events unpredicted occurring as the year unfolds. So how are we planning for 2017 in the context of how we ended 2016 in the fourth quarter? From a high level point of view, I think we feel confident that the strategy we have been deploying for over a decade, a strategy that focuses on engaging with consumers developing a steady stream of innovation for those consumers focusing on the efficiencies that allow us to fund our growth and perhaps most importantly continuing to develop a cadre of talented leaders that we can deploy around the world to keep focusing on winning on the ground. Secondly I would say that our discipline and focus on the fundamentals has served us well and will continue to serve us well. And my third point for 2017 would be that our over arching priority and objective focused against growth. So coming back to the categories as I mentioned categories and several key markets slowed in the fourth quarter and we are now seeing growth in our categories across each of them major geographies that take the following shape. For North America we are seeing our categories grow around 2%. In Europe we are seeing in aggregate categories basically flat. And for our emerging markets we continue to see categories growth of mid single digits casted closely around 5%. so with that as a context of our consumers behavior the organic sales growth plan that we have for 2017 sees us targeting the low end about 4% to 7% point organic growth range. The growth we deliver in 2017 is expected to rely on less pricing with a sharpened focused on profitable volume growth for the full year starting in quarter one. And from an organic sales point of view we expect to see sequential improvement in quarter one. The innovation pipeline that John talked to remains as robust as ever. We continue to invest in the capabilities that we need to serve new consumers and new places think e-commerce and as we said in the press release strong advertising support will be behind our brands and the innovation and I will return to that in a short while. Now it's unusual for us to get country a specific data and detail but I think in a circumstances in the fourth quarter we feel it's important to clear on the understanding of why we have confidence in the growth for 2017. So let me offer a few comments by each of the divisions related to the organic sales growth that we are targeting for 2017 and let me start with Asia. As John said the demonetization in India was indeed unexpected and that saw a high single digit organic sales growth business become in the quarter a double digit decline organic business. In fact, excluding India the division would have seen positive organic sales growth. So as we look forward into 2017 from that unexpected event we were pleased in the fourth quarter with the sequential progress we made in China and the return to volume growth we expect that sequential progress to continue in china and we expect the recovery in India to build across the first half. For Africa-Eurasia, the actions we took against a selected number of distributors are behind us and the division would have seen positive organic sales growth without those actions. And we expect to see positive progress, inorganic sales beginning in the first quarter in that division. In Europe, the decline traces largely to France and in France we saw strong category declines in the fourth quarter both in volumes and in value and the subsidiary in France in developing stronger plans that are being put in place with key customers to help drive category growth and our growth alongside the category. In North America we also saw a slowdown in the category growth rates and consumer consumption and this was the one division we saw increased promotional activity which we are meeting in 2017. For Hills as John said, we posted strong e-commerce progress indeed our e-commerce growth in the United States with Hills was up from 60% our market share on e-commerce is higher than African motor share and we expect that growth as we expand e-commerce distribution to continue in 2017. That was more of an offset though by the weakness in the pet specialty category which again is being addressed by strengthened programs in partnership with the principal retailers there and the focuses as John said on channel mix. And finally, Latin America although we expect to see continued growth in 2017. Now I mentioned the strong innovation pipeline. I mentioned the capabilities that we are investing in to reach consumers in new places. But I would like to return to advertising and make a couple of comments. Number one, we will continue with our focus on customer marketing activities in store that can and do build categories and we are deploying that indeed as we speak. But turning to the traditional below the line advertising in our 2017 plan our advertising is up absolutely and as a percent to sales. Its advertising that is increasingly digital and mobile and we have planned for continuity of advertising across the year. The advertising will be behind the innovation that we have, the strong brand equities that we possess India for example Colgate was rated one more time the most trusted brand in the country and we will also have advertising focus behind the community programs that Colgate does in many countries. The turn off the tap type of advertising the scholarship program, advertising and advertising that relates to the schools programs that we have around the world. These are all proven vehicles to build the brand awareness, brand loyalty and induce trial. And we are substantially increasing our sampling in 2017 to further drive trial of the strong innovation we have. Now for 2017, we are obsessive about protecting those investments. A sudden change in foreign exchange can put pressure on short term results given the lead lag of actions to offset the impact of that foreign exchange. We are not going to reduce our investments in advertising to deliver a quarterly number. What we are going to do is to focus relentlessly across all lines of the income statement on productivity. Our funding to growth program is as vibrant as ever and we will receive sharp focus. As John said, we will redouble our efforts behind structural cost reduction in this last year of the global growth and efficiency program and we will from a category, a product and indeed the channel mix perspective focus on the premiumization that can be delivered with the consumer. And from material cost point of view, the environment is relatively benign in 2017 with material cost estimated to be flat to modestly up with a little bit of pressure in fats and oils but a relatively muted landscape. So with that focus and with that landscape we expect our gross margin to be up at the high end of our 75 to 125 basis points range. Tax rate for 2017 is assumed to be in the 31% to 32% range obviously any changes to tax policy from the new administration is not included in that estimate. We have obviously run many different scenarios, we are as informed on the matter as you are and obviously if anything firm arises we will inform you. I think I would say that we are certainly looking at tax holistically or the different tax policies that maybe adopted, and if one uses holistically we would expect it to be a net benefit but again our current tax rates of 31% to 32% doesn't include any assumed benefit. So to summarize our plan will see us growing at the low end about 4% to 7% organic sales range with sequential improvement beginning in quarter one. For 2017, its growth with less pricing and a sharper focus on profitable volume growth. It's growth supported by innovation, it's growth supported by investment and capability and it's growth supported by advertising that is up absolutely and as a percent to sales and planned for continuity. And of course we have the clear focus on the ground plans and executional discipline to help accelerate that growth and that is our primary focus in 2017. Gross margin as I said at the high end of our 75 to 125 basis points range strong net operating cash flow expected as you have seen in the release earnings per share of low single digits in dollar terms and an absolute focus by folk in our company on delivering the growth across 2017. So those were mine prepared remarks and now we would be delighted to open the call to questions. Hello?
Operator: [Operator Instruction] We will go first to Caroline Levy of CLSA Americas LLC.
Caroline Levy: Thank you very much. Could you just quickly tell us what your thinking is on the currency hit to EBIT and earnings and then as I always do ask, Ian if you could talk a little bit about the climate in China and Brazil those two countries which seems to, Brazil seem to deteriorated meaningfully for the first time for you China the bricks and motor business maybe has deteriorated as well, so if could just touch on those two that would be great?
Ian Cook: Yes I think, the foreign exchange from a ForEx point of view when I was estimating it was about 3% obviously the bottom line impact is more so the change from the guidance we provided, preliminary guidance we provided before entering our budgeting process is really composed of two factors. One is the foreign exchange and the second is based on the assumptions I just went through the fact that we have recognized slow market growth into our planning for next year. Turning to China and Brazil, I would say two cases, Brazil is indeed in challenging economic times as John said overall in Latin America we have been very pleased with our performance. We note that several companies have been negative on Brazil I think half of you would be our market shares continue to be strong in that country and indeed growing as John said. We have taken pricing necessary to offset foreign exchange in part and we have seen some slow down in category growth with negative volumes from time to time. So we are just going to keep focusing on growing our market shares in Brazil and overall in Latin America expect a healthy business there to continue. Regarding China again we were pleased that the fourth quarter show us make sequential improvement which had been our plan. We were particularly pleased to see volume growth come back positive. Our market shares are holding well. You are correct that our e-commerce business has loads of potential. We grew dramatically in China. We have a completely standalone team that focuses on driving that business in China. But we do have opportunity to increase our market share further because in China our market share is not in line with our brick and motor share yet on e-commerce so that gives us plenty of opportunity to grow. So, we remain I must say overall very committed to the emerging markets. We see a strong consumer base there. We have strong brand loyalty there and we continue to see good opportunity for growth there.
Caroline Levy: Thank you.
Operator: We will go next to Wendy Nicholson of Citi.
Wendy Nicholson: Hi, good morning. My first question is really just the follow-up I mean when you talked us in late October it didn't sound like the world is falling off as much as it clearly did for your business and other than the India demonetization which is an extraordinary event, I am surprised things all decelerated as they did. So I guess my first question is on with your guidance to planning to see sequential improvement in 2017 whats your confidence kind of where we are set here end of January that the first quarter will impact show an improvement from 1.5% and then kind of tucked on to that and sorry for the long question but Colgate has long had this 4% to 7% organic growth target and you haven't been there for a while and I am just wondering if it's time to look at that reset that at least take maybe six and seven part of that guidance off the table and if you were to do that would you be able to take another hard look at your cost structure and maybe have another restructuring program? Thanks.
Ian Cook: Good. Well thanks for the question Wendy. Yes, we feel confident in sequential improvement which is why we say it and why we went through the divisions making the comments we have made. And you are right that were a collection evidence that impacted us in the fourth quarter one has to say that the foreign exchange aspect of things was a surprise to most surely, the India demonetization was a surprise but what gives us confidence are the reasons I have laid out in my prepared remarks in terms of we understood what needed to be addressed. We are in the process of addressing them. And therefore, the plan we have is precisely that wondered sees us sequentially improving in the first quarter and sees us driving full growth at the low end of that 4% to 7% range. Another restructuring Wendy I think the way I would rather comment that is understand the intensity behind the language when we say that we are going to be relentless in driving the last year of our current restructuring program which clearly focuses on structural cost and as again we have said in a world that is slowing even more that it had. So, we recognize the challenge and we are being and will continue to be relentless on taking advantage of the opportunity of this last year of the restructuring program to address that structural cost.
Wendy Nicholson: And when you think about what happened in the fourth quarter, sort of the zigs and zags, I mean, one of the markets that I think is most interesting to me is France, not that it's all that large or what but not it strikes me as a very stable market generally and for it to turn negative in terms of category growth surprises me and I just wonder maybe on forgetting history and developed markets have always been so economically sensitive when it comes to toothpaste. But can you make any comments on that whether that is "Oh yes, not a surprise" or "Oh yes, that's kind of something new and different that we havent seen before?"
Ian Cook: Well clearly, France category is turning negative was not a pleasant or expected event. I think there is public information out there that says that some retailers in France have suffered from the same problem which is to say consumer purchasing weakness in France. So, you're certainly seeing deflation in France and indeed in some categories, volume reduction. So, the focus has to be to right that with your customer partners on two things. 1) Is innovation that is price accretive, so that you can grow the category volume and hopefully the volume and 2) the brand marketing and in-store customer marketing to drive consumption at the retail level? So, the sharpness of the slowdown was a surprise.
Wendy Nicholson: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Dara Mohsenian of Morgan Stanley.
Ian Cook: Hi, Dara.
Dara Mohsenian: Hi, how are you?
Ian Cook: Wonderful.
Dara Mohsenian: It sounds like guidance for 2017 assumes a lower level of pricing growth. I'm just trying to get a sense of you expecting a significant change in pricing, obviously you mentioned North America, but are there any issues with price gaps in other regions and then we talk to more about tweaks to promotional levels or could there be less price changes. And then the second part of that is you also mentioned higher marketing spending in 2017, how comfortable are you that you get a tangible topline payback from the higher marketing as well as the incremental promotion given it seems like from an industry perspective the volume payback in those areas is less than it's been historically recently. Thanks.
Ian Cook: Okay, Dara. Well, so on pricing, when we talk SPI selling price increases, we simply had in our plan less pricing and because commodity pressures are more benign and transaction impact have lessened. A large part of that pricing is indeed carryover pricing from year-to-year. When you talk promotion and tweaking promotional level that has been for us largely in North America where we did see stepped up promotional activity in the fourth quarter and we have made some pricing gap adjustments in China on our business which has returned us to the volume growth, which we plan to build on in 2017. But beyond that, I would also know broad scale observation. On marketing spend, again the focus here is growth. We have like everybody else, return on investment model. I think when you talk about in-store activity or shorter marketing if you will, you're talking more about what can you do to induce purchase of higher priced products with less reliance on price at retails. So, I think that needs to be the focus rather than diminishing return. And on the advertising side of things, given the strength of our advertising, of our brand and given the strength of their innovation, we see that it's a very good return particularly with the effectiveness of advertising but I tried to elude to earlier and the continuity of advertising overtime. And of course, from an e-commerce point-of-view that has very good return and from a digital marketing point-of-view that has very good return as well. So, we're quite comfortable with the return side of things, I think what one has to try and guard against is a devolution into zero sum promotion pricing, so we're reaching where we need to but it's certainly not something we're looking to leap.
Dara Mohsenian: Great, thanks.
Ian Cook: Good, Dara.
Operator: We'll go next to Stephen Powers of UBS.
Stephen Powers: Great, thanks. First just a follow-up on France. I know you said that the category slowdowns in that market at least on toothpaste according to the Nielsen data that I'm looking at. This is appear more company specific than category? I think Nielsen has Colgate volumes down 30% December period relative to flat for the category with Unilever, Glaxo and Han hold the beneficiary. So, just some more commentary on that will be great. And like a tuck on, a forward looking question. I know, John cited category dissolvation and dissolvations and effects really explain the lower EPS outlook. But I was somewhat surprised not to hear elevated competition in that algorithm as well. So, just any thoughts there would be appreciated because your gross margin outlook doesn't apply significant competitive pressure either. So, again just your outlook on a competitor pressure and how that changed all since your October outlook. Thanks.
Ian Cook: Yes. First let's start with the comment on France. And I was trying to be shall we say broad based in my remarks earlier. The fact of the matter is we have had an issue with a retailer in the French environment which is resolved and will see us back where we were before in the first half of the year. So, that's the specificity to the Colgate aspect of France, but it takes nothing away from the fact that on the other categories, the category declines were sharp and meaningful. But on the Colgate brand specifically, there was a customer issue which is now being addressed in a mutually exemptible fashion and we'll see business trading return to normal in the first half of this year. Now, as we got competitive pressure, the one that we have spilled out is frankly the only one that we see between beyond what has been normative in our markets and that is in North America and that is one that we have stepped up to address within our planning guidelines for 2017. Hello?
Stephen Powers: Oh, that's great. I didnt know my, I didnt know it's still opened. Thank you very much for that. If I am open, could I just have you comment on the tax scenarios that you had run and just the range of impact that your scenarios point to?
Ian Cook: Yes. I'm not open, Steve.
Stephen Powers: Okay.
Ian Cook: No. The answer would be, I dont think that's time well spent, which is why we try to frame our comments in the holistic sense. I mean, nothing is firm, you all know what the range is out there are and that's why we try to give the headline that from a holistic point-of-view, plus minus we would expect the net benefit to be favorable. And really I think that's enough to say at this stage.
Stephen Powers: Alright thank you very much.
Operator: We will go next to Ali Dibadj of Sanford Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj: So, I guess the stock reaction would suggest that there is still a debate about what you are saying and kind of brief in acceleration and what I am really hearing from investors just to going some of the previous question is that investor really want to understand and to figurate your top line organic slowdown and expect acceleration further than they have done so far. So just thinking on that a little bit can you tell us kind of what your precise number what percentage of deceleration category in yours would you attribute to macro versus kind of one time like in France versus competition and if you say the bulk is not competition like I think you did to seize the question. Second ago I would want to know that the list of countries you are losing share has grown so Mexico, India, China, France, U.K. now over the years it's definitely grown and as you look forward what you are expecting to change from either macro or competition or one time to see the top line acceleration or is it really just your own activities to improve and get deceleration?
Ian Cook: Yes, I mean just aggregating all of that, I mean particularly the competitive activity piece is almost impossible. And in fact, we don't break it down that way. So the largest change that shapes our top-line projection for 2017 was the reduction on category growth, the lessening in category growth that we are seeing that we have simply re-planned against and we see our top-line growing for the reasons I have said. When you come to the competitive activities the kind of shares you are talking about is I mean take Mexico which I think John talked to our share is about 81 and in the prior it was just over 81 that's on a value basis. Our market shares in general Ali, if you go through them if there are slippages they are quite modest slippages and they are not accelerating in any way with the exception of the French matter on Colgate that I just described. So I mean what we think will build our business is innovation, is the advertising that we are committing to including the in-store advertising but with a commitment to the brand advertising and the manner that I have described. A focus on the fundamentals that at retail and I think from a competitive activity point of view we will be responsive where we need to be responsive from a competitive point of view but we don't want to do it in a zero sum game fashion.
Ali Dibadj: So that's helpful. Thank you. The reason I am well maybe whats behind kind of the question I had got a little bit is that if you really been able to leverage even the lower end of the 4% to 7% organic sales growth target that you have been delivering, question for the past few years the lower end of that, into double digit EPS growth ex-currencies. But for 2017 it's surely doesn't seem like that is something you are able to do suggesting you are going to have to spend more back and I am trying to kind of get underneath that in terms of but youre not getting those details for this year but your top-line is roughly you are saying what it's going to be well what it has been so you are spending more back why? Right so is it that you are feeling when Im buying on China being more aggressive Procter or PATANJALI whoever have you lost a little bit of the mojo, like why are you spending more back if it's not competition I guess what I am trying to get at?
A  Ian Cook: I guess the answer would be and I think what we are beginning to see through this earning cycle is that growth in many places has indeed slowed further. And so, what we are saying is what is a reasonable growth objective in uncertain times and how do we ensure that we build our brands to deliver that growth at this unique point in time. And so, we are saying I mean I think the gross margin expansion is quite strong. I think from a top-line point of view organic sales growth at the low end of our range will certainly put us in a good comparison group and the focus on the restructuring that I mentioned earlier and further driving down on structural cost will equip us to be leaner going forward if this rate of growth in the will doesn't reaccelerate and so I am saying we are saying that we think it is right at this point in time to overweight focus on growth and but it is growth of our businesses at a time when sure all competitors are looking to do the same thing in a slowing world everyone is still looking to grow. So from the big picture point of view it's always a competitive environment what I am trying to delineate against is we believe in the quality of our innovation to drive our business against competitors when I talk promotion it's more in-store pricing promotion which we would rather put against trial for new innovation but we will be competitive where we need to be competitive and I think that's the year we are looking at.
Ali Dibadj: Okay. Thank you very much. 
Operator: We will go next to Nik Modi of RBC Capital Markets.
Nik Modi: Yes. Thanks and good morning. The question is on category growth. So can you give any context of clarity on in fact whats driving some of the down drop in the category growth? Is this trade down? Is this frequency? Is it inventory outside of obviously which you talked about South Africa? Any context around that would be really helpful?
Ian Cook: Yes. I think there are few elements to this. And it's not a generalized statement for the world. Obviously, there are  there in some parts of the world particularly Europe deflation as pricing comes down to stimulate volume in some categories we have seen that for several years and that remains unabated. From a consumer behavior point of view, they don't go away from the behavior of brushing their teeth. They will exhaust pantry inventories so which is to say people have more than one toothpaste at home they may try and scratch that tube before they reload their own pantry. There is as we have seen sort of a subtle inventory correlation to a slowdown in categories. So these are all components factors I mean from the pent off study Colgate is in two thirds of the households on the planet and we are very disciplined and very focused on in making sure our in-home penetration stays that elevated levels. So if there is any sort term slowdown from a volume point of view due to pantry destocking in the like that will bounce back afterwards. So, I wouldn't point to anything Nik that says there is down the line behavioral change here that is of concern.
Operator: We will go to our next question from William Schmitz of Deutsche Bank.
William Schmitz: Hi, good morning.
Ian Cook: Hi Bill.
William Schmitz: Can you just bridge the gap between the old sort of 10% local currency EPX as growth to five because maybe a point of it is some sort of category growth but where is the other 4% shortfall coming from the follow-up?
Ian Cook: Its foreign exchange Bill, I mean the two principal elements are now this is against the preliminary guidance we gave in October to where we are now so it is simply the foreign exchange and the lower category growth which is reflected in our growth target for the year. It's those two things.
William Schmitz: I thought before 10% local currency growth and it seems like the implied guidance now is 5% local currency growth. Am I incorrect?
Ian Cook: No. No. sorry I was misunderstanding. no. no. the implied currency guidance is 5% and that is structurally driven by the income statement I mean the growth we have the margin expansion and the investment we choose to make behind the business.
William Schmitz: Okay. Was it not 10% before? Am I off? I thought it was like you thought 10% local currency was the right number and now it's five.
Ian Cook: Yes. It was 10% in -- now. And we are saying that the two differences are foreign exchange and volume.
Operator: We will take our next question from Olivia Tong of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Olivia Tong: Thanks. So, on the advertising margin change because is your view to get back to sort of a historical levels about 100 basis points higher as a percentage of sales and where you said now because assuming there isn't something really different below the line it would seem to suggest the fairly move upwards in operating expense to our outlook, your EPS outlook and then on the other hand it turns out that you need to spend more to drive top-line improvement how willing are you to do that if it does end up impacting EPS?
Ian Cook: I think for 2017 we have stepped up our advertising quite meaningfully from 2016 and we believe in uncertain time with clearly slowing category growth with the innovation pipeline we have it is to our advantage in 2017 to invest that advertising deliver that growth and keep consumers with our brands. So we think it's a good level Olivia I mean we have planned due diligently and we are very satisfied with the advertising level we have as I said it includes a sharp uptake in sampling as well. And these are all into the programs that we have on the ground behind brands and the new products that we have. So we think the plan holistically is an appropriate plan for 2017.
Operator: We will go to next to Jonathan Feeney of Consumer Edge Research.
Jonathan Feeney: Good morning. Thank you very much. Just a couple of questions. First on Hill, some work around the channel it looks as we have been hearing anyways that at least one of your brands has been dealers in yield one maybe fall through as a major specialty channel but also hearing that there is some innovation on the pipeline potentially so any comment you could make around the Hill business as it relates to that new products or just progress there I would appreciate it. Secondly, in India I know great business for you historically you mentioned the behavior doesn't really change and it's quite a bit of inventory in anybody pantry of Colgate product. Does this mean that you are going to restock in India and you get better performance at this point in the next six months? Thank you very much.
Ian Cook: On your second point, I would love to think so Jonathan but I wouldn't count on it. The purpose we have in India right now is simply rebuilding the pipeline over the first half of the year if we get a rebound then wonderful. On the Hill let me sort of paint a broader context here. The strategic decision that we have taken based on consumer behavior is to keep our brands specialty which is obviously a brick and motor channel and go where our consumers are going and our consumers are going e-commerce. And they are going to the traditional places you would expect, the Amazons and the [indiscernible] of this world and their rate of adaption of buying our products on e-commerce is very elevated so we are moving there. The brick and motor retailers that you principal pet specialty retailers we have not been delisted from either retailer. We have good plans with one and we are in discussion with the other and the one short term difficulty we have with the second retailer is that our shelf location and the number of SKUs we have in the store have been both reduced and moved to another position. And we believe that we can together develop a win, win solution for that to rebuild the business in the brick and motor at the same time as we are driving it online and on Hills innovation we have considerable innovation in Hill's for confidentiality reasons I prefer not to talk about it but that's the story on Hills in the U.S. John.
Operator: We will go to next to Lauren Rae Lieberman of Barclays.
Lauren Rae Lieberman: Thanks. Good morning.
Ian Cook: Good morning Lauren.
Lauren Rae Lieberman: Two things one was just on the two and half things the conversation around category growth, Ian it was great when you walk through kind of your outlook by broad region but I am not sure with the changes like you asset to Europe at flattish number market of 5 kind of feel like where we have been so I am just curious whats change. Second thing was on the build from kind of double-digit in dollars to lose single digit in dollar for EPS, Fx and volume, is it more pricing because I am hard pressed to think that you were previously forecasting volume growth as six and now it's four given you said it's going to be more volume than price leading so it is your outlook on pricing perhaps has changed more than volume. And then, finally just SG&A was actually up quite a bit and I was just curious on the percentage of sales, given your commentary on focused on restructuring and taking cost out was there anything particular in the quarter on SG&A to be mindful of? Thanks.
Ian Cook: Yes. So on the category growth yes it has changed actually Lauren. In the U.S. we were seeing two to three and you may remember me commenting I was getting widely exuberant that it was moving to three so that has now come down by a percentage point. Europe was always flat to modestly up. The range of Europe is now negative to modestly up therefore flat overall. And in the emerging markets well I used to talk mid single digits the reason I talked 5% now is the single included a number with a six in front of it and that is now off the table. So those shifts are real and that is what is build into our planning. So, if I go back on your second point if I go back to our planning, indeed is it is all volume because pricing is more or less at the same level we had in the original plans slightly higher in fact. So it's all volume. And then, finally your point on SG&A up that's still a leverage. So deleverage rather the actually a dollar overhead is down but with the impact on the top-line and the amount of dollar denominated over, we have we don't benefit from a ratio basis which is why we talked about relentlessly focusing on our cost structure in this last year of the restructure, I think those two or three questions.
Operator: We will go to next to Jason Gere of KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Jason Gere: Okay. Thanks. I will just make this really quick. I guess first just in terms of the re-acceleration on the volume. Can you maybe talk a little bit about how excited you are about some of the innovation coming out? I know there is innovation every year but certainly with this kind of 1.5% volume which in the third quarter put aside challenges of the fourth quarter but sounds like you are getting back to 3% range. How much of this can you contribute to really the innovation the step up innovation whats coming out with obviously giving away any trade secrets and then the second question just on pricing being just a small contributor this year can you just talk maybe about where you are still taking pricing? I know a lot of it is roll over from last year, maybe how we should think about Latin America contributing versus where you are still going to have price investment such as Europe so obviously the two will offset each other just on the grey. Thanks.
Ian Cook: Yes. The trouble is that Jason, if I was to display enthusiasm you wouldn't notice the difference. So in terms of volume acceleration re-acceleration part of it is building back from the onetime events that we mentioned. So thats an important part of it and the strengthened plans we have in place as I detailed earlier and innovation is the strong part of it. We tend to be fairly low key in terms of talking about innovation and I plan to continue that tradition but John mentioned some I would just say we have a broad array of good innovation and we will be driving that starting in the first quarter across the year but I wouldn't lay innovation as the out-sized re-accelerate growth in the first quarter. It will part of it but it certainly wont be all of it and on pricing I mean I think the way you should think about it is that in the main, much about pricing has been to offset the transaction impact of foreign exchange and therefore you can assume that the pricing taken or being deployed now is in regions that says face those kinds of challenges but I repeat our focus for 2017 is on growth and our focus within growth is on profitable volume growth.
Jason Gere: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We will go to next to Linda Bolton Weiser of B. Riley.
Linda Bolton Weiser: Yes. Thanks. I just had a question of on the pet care area. Can you just explain why the e-commerce penetration is higher in Europe? Is it just as the brick and motor is less developed there or is there an actual difference in how consumers are approaching the market? And then, secondly can you explain if does the trend towards immunization, is it disconnected from the general economic strength and high consumer confidence like in the U.S. in the pet care or is it actually linked to it? So as the economy strengthens is it actually easier to get premiumization or get consumers interested in spending more on their pets in the U.S.? Thanks.
Ian Cook: Yes. Frankly Europe and I don't mean anything political by this, Europe is a smaller geography than the U.S. and more urbanized and when you think of the literal volume of those bags the convenience factor for e-commerce in Europe is much higher for the consumer and that is the big driver of why the adaption for bulky products is so high. And premiumization look people pay for value and what they perceive as value is not just price. And therefore, and we have said this before the reason your focus is on innovation is to create value that the consumer believes is good value even if the price is a premium price to what he or she may otherwise buy. 
Operator: We will go next to Stephanie Benjamin of SunTrust Investment Bank.
Stephanie Benjamin: Hi, this is actually Stephanie on for Bill Chapel, just a quick question. Do you really expect any impact to your pet veterinary business from the recent mars acquisition of BCA? Thanks.
Ian Cook: I think the short answer is no. You may know that Mars also own another group called Banfield we have very strong shares in both BCA and Banfield with that Hill's business Mars have said, theyve owned Banfield for coming on a decade Mars have said that they will let BCA run as an independent group and you should know for BCA pet nutrition products are about 5% of their sales. So that's not really their business. So the headline answer would be no.
Operator: We will go next to Mark Astrachan of Stifel.
Mark Astrachan: Yes. Thanks. And good afternoon guys. I wanted to ask about growth by category sort of a different way versus what we were talking about from country standpoint. Anything notable specific to home care, personal care, oral care in terms of your own expectations and perhaps even so how are you thinking about that now versus maybe three to six months ago and then just quickly on something different expectations for spend in EPS. How are you thinking about the assumptions for category and competition meaning your expectations for the increased ads spend out in the percent of sales, is that assume the competition is greater than equal or less than where you were in 2016 will be helpful?
Ian Cook: Yes. In terms of your spending question I mean that's a very complicated question. We build spend based on what we see by market from competitors. Now these days you don't see everything because some of the online spending is not tracked. So there is an estimated components of it. And so you structure the spend to be adequately competitive. I am not talking the traditional advertising spend. And as I have said we plan it then to be continuous for the year behind innovation, behind the brand and sometimes behind our community programs where you see the greatest short term changes and I commented on North America is more in promotion than in the traditional advertising. So, we have built a plan for 2017 that we think is adequately competitive and strong enough to drive the innovation we have and the brand equity is that we have around the world. Now when you get into categories we have a very clear strategic view which doesn't change depending on what happens in a quarter. So our strategic view is that we focus in order of priority behind oral care, pet nutrition, personal care, and home care in that order. That has been our focus because of the continuing underlying growth rates of the categories even if they slowed and because of the margin profile of each of the businesses. So our category decisions strategically are informed by the categories not by quarterly events.
Operator: We will go next to Jason English of Goldman Sachs & Co.
Jason English: Hey guys thanks for squeezing me in.
Ian Cook: Hi Jason.
Jason English: Happy Friday to you.. Quick question on the Africa-Eurasia distributor I thought you had to work through I apologize I missed in prepared remarks but I don't think I heard a lot of detail. Can you walk us through what happened there? And then second question is on capital allocation. Your share repurchase activity was a bit less  a bit more this past year. You are sitting on more cash than usually and you are 
Ian Cook: Let me talk again about Africa-Eurasia. It was distributor issues with a select number small number of distributors. It had to do with liquidity because cash liquidity because of foreign exchange moves and it was moving business away from distributors and indeed bringing back some inventory. I guess the tailing point about we made in our prepared remarks was that the division growth would have been positive from an organic sales point of view without that event and that we expect organic sales progress to recommence in the first quarter of 2017. Relative to capital allocation it our current thinking going into the year is that our share repurchase will be broadly in-line with the share repurchase since we made in 2016.
Operator: At this time we have no further questions.
A - Ian Cook: Okay. Well good afternoon to everyone and to any of the Colgate people listening we are in the first quarter. Thank you.
Operator: That does conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-27 11:00:00) =====
Executives: John A. Faucher - Colgate-Palmolive Co. Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.
Analysts: Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Wendy C. Nicholson - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Caroline Levy - CLSA Americas LLC Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC William B. Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc. Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. Iain E. Simpson - Socit Gnrale SA (Broker) Erin Lash - Morningstar, Inc. (Research) Stephen R. Powers - UBS Securities LLC Mark Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgatepalmolive.com. Today's conference call will include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from these statements. Please refer to the earnings press release and the most recent Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings, all available on Colgate's website, for a discussion of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these statements. This conference call will also include a discussion of non-GAAP financial measures, including those identified in Table 8 and Table 9 of the earnings press release. A full reconciliation with the corresponding GAAP measures is included in the earnings press release and is available on Colgate's website. Now, for opening remarks, I would like to turn the conference over to Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, John Faucher. Please go ahead, John.
John A. Faucher - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Thank you, Jessica. Good morning, and welcome to our third quarter earnings release conference call. This is John Faucher, Senior Vice President for Investor Relations. Joining me this morning are Ian Cook, Chairman, President and CEO; Dennis Hickey, CFO; Victoria Dolan, Corporate Controller; Elaine Paik, Treasurer; and, Bina Thompson, Chief Investor Relations Officer. On a reported basis, our net sales were down 3.5% in the third quarter due to the impact of foreign exchange, the impact of the Venezuelan deconsolidation and the divestiture of our detergent business in the South Pacific. That said, we continued to deliver strong organic sales growth in the third quarter with organic sales up 4.5%, within our targeted range of 4% to 7% despite a continued difficult global macro environment. Our organic sales growth was driven by a combination of volume growth, excluding the impact of divestitures and the deconsolidation of Venezuela, and improvement in pricing. We delivered organic sales growth in every division this quarter, but I would particularly point out Latin America where we delivered double-digit growth on a double-digit comparison. Excluding charges from the restructuring program in both periods, gross profit margin was up 160 basis points in third quarter 2016 versus third quarter 2015 led by cost savings from our funding-the-growth initiatives and our restructuring program. This gross margin expansion allowed us to increase worldwide advertising year-over-year, both on an absolute basis and as a percentage of sales. On a GAAP basis, gross profit margin was up 140 basis points versus the year ago period. Excluding the items specified in Table 8 of our press release, our operating profit grew 1% in dollar terms and our earnings per share were $0.73, also up 1% year-over-year. On a GAAP basis, operating profit decreased 6% to $1.071 billion and earnings per share in Q3 were $0.78 compared with $0.80 in the third quarter of 2015. Through strong working capital performance, we continue to grow our free cash flow, further strengthening our balance sheet. Year-to-date, our free cash flow before dividends is up 17% year-over-year and our net cash provided by operations is up 10% year-over-year. We continue to be faced with macroeconomic challenges in many parts of the world coupled with an uncertain currency environment. Despite this, the Colgate team remains committed over the long term to delivering sustainable 4% to 7% organic sales growth with productivity driven gross margin expansion and double-digit earnings per share growth on a dollar basis. Now, we'll go through performance in the divisions; first, North America. North America posted net sales, volume, organic sales and operating profit growth in the quarter. Market shares are up year-to-date in most of our key categories and our innovation continues to perform well with a strong pipeline planned as we head into 2017. A few North America highlights from the quarter; our U.S. toothpaste business continues to grow and increase market share, with year-to-date market shares up 30 basis points. In Q3, our market share was up 70 basis points year-over-year. Our new products, like Colgate Optic White High Impact White and Colgate Total Daily Repair toothpastes are driving volume growth at premium prices. Colgate Total Daily Repair has helped the Colgate Total franchise to a 10.5% share of market on a year-to-date basis. Colgate Optic White High Impact White has helped the Colgate Optic White franchise to its highest share ever at 6.8% in the third quarter versus 6.5% year-to-date and 5.7% for full year 2015. We are also seeing sequential and year-over-year improvement in market shares for our sensitivity business, helped by our latest launch of Colgate Sensitive Smart White toothpaste. Our U.S. manual toothbrush share is up 50 basis points year-to-date. The Colgate 360 franchise continues to perform well with market share of almost 23% year-to-date, up from 20.4% for full year 2015. In particular, the recent new product launches of Colgate 360 Enamel Health Whitening Toothbrush and the Colgate 360 Total Advanced 4 Zone Manual Toothbrush, which just launched in Q3, have added one full share point year-to-date. Tom's of Maine also posted good growth in the quarter with year-to-date market share up 20 basis points versus last year driven by new products, particularly Rapid Relief toothpaste. In Personal Care, we continued to gain share in both liquid hand soap and body wash, driven by news products. Softsoap Pure foaming hand soap and Softsoap Luminous Oils and Irish Spring Signature For Men body washes are all contributing to year-to-date share growth in Personal Care. Now, Latin America; the strong organic sales growth posted by Latin America in the first half continued into Q3. Organic sales growth accelerated to 10.5% despite a sequentially more difficult comparison. Latin America also returned to volume growth in Q3 following flat volumes in Q2. All of this is excluding the impact of the deconsolidation of Venezuela. While currency and the impact of the Venezuela deconsolidation resulted in a net sales decline in this division, productivity from funding-the-growth and pricing helped deliver 410 basis points of operating profit margin expansion. This led to operating profit being down just slightly despite a mid-single digit headwind from foreign exchange. There are several highlights across the division. In toothpaste, our share year-to-date is up 20 basis points year-over-year. In our Oral Care business, we also saw share gains in mouthwash and power toothbrushes. In Brazil, our toothpaste share is at 73.2% year-to-date, up 1.1 share points year-over-year. We are seeing strong share growth, both in Colgate Triple Action and Colgate Maximum Cavity Protection. We are also seeing toothpaste share gains year-to-date in Peru, Paraguay, Uruguay and Puerto Rico. In Mexico, we maintained toothpaste market leadership with a greater than 80% share behind strength in our Colgate Luminous White brand. We believe we possess solid momentum as we head toward 2017 not just in toothpaste, but across our entire portfolio in Mexico with significant new product activity across many categories. Other highlights in the quarter for Latin America include market share gains in mouthwash behind the Plax Ice Infinity brand across the region; share gains in the Kids oral care segment behind the Minions regimen; and, share gains on our underarm protection business in Mexico behind Speed Stick, Lady Speed Stick and Stefano. Also, we had significant new product activity in our household segment; in our fabric care business with Suavitel Superior Care and Suavitel Sweet Pleasures; and, on cleaners with Fabuloso Pure Cleaning continuing to add incremental share year-to-date. Moving to Europe, Europe delivered another quarter of positive organic sales growth despite a difficult market environment impacted by macroeconomic conditions, FX and retail dynamics. Organic sales were up 1.5% in the quarter with positive volumes and negative pricing in the market. Net sales were down year-over-year impacted by foreign exchange headwinds. Market share performance in Europe is strong. We continued our toothpaste share leadership with over 35% of the market, flat year-to-date versus year ago. We have seen share of the market gains year-to-date in manual and battery toothbrushes, body wash, bar soap, body lotion and fabric softeners. Q3 highlights in the European division include: we continue to gain significant share in manual toothbrushes in Europe behind the strength of our toothbrush plus whitening pen. This premium-priced product has allowed us to gain more than 200 basis points of market share in the manual toothbrush category year-to-date. Our share momentum in body wash is continuing, up 40 basis points year-to-date behind both Sanex and Palmolive. On Palmolive, we are expanding the rollout of our Palmolive Gourmet line and are seeing strong results across many markets. While still early days, we are encouraged by the performance of Sanex Men, which includes body washes, shampoo and underarm protection. This line is focused on men's skin health. This launch is also driving solid growth in underarm protection in France and Spain. Fabric care grew nicely in the quarter in Europe, driven primarily by Germany. We will see further rollout of the Soupline Complete Care line of fabric conditioners in the fourth quarter. And now, Asia-Pacific; organic sales growth in Asia-Pacific was 3% driven predominantly by volume with pricing up slightly year-over-year. Volume growth in the division was led by the Philippines and India. Net sales were down in the quarter, primarily due to the divestiture of the laundry detergent business in the South Pacific. Operating profit was up slightly year-over-year despite the net sales decline as the benefits from pricing, mix and savings from funding-the-growth and the restructuring program more than offset increases in raw material costs and advertising investment. Some Q3 highlights in Asia-Pacific include: in the Philippines on a year-to-date basis, our toothpaste share increased 350 basis points versus year ago to 62.8%, driven by strength across multiple price tiers. Colgate Triple Action and Colgate Sensitive have combined to add more than three share points year-to-date. Other markets with share growth in toothpaste included Hong Kong, Taiwan, New Zealand, Vietnam and Pakistan. Both India and the Philippines saw share growth in manual toothbrushes year-to-date with both markets up more than 1% in share of market behind the Colgate Zig Zag franchise. We have many new product launches in the second half of the year that we think will drive continued top-line growth heading into 2017. Now, Africa/Eurasia. Our business across the division remained solid despite macroeconomic challenges and continued currency headwinds. Organic sales growth in the quarter was 8.5%, driven by growth across most of the region. The organic sales growth was driven by double-digit pricing, with volume down 2%. Net sales and operating profit were up year-over-year despite a 7% foreign exchange headwind. Significant margin improvement was driven by strong pricing and funding-the-growth savings, partially offset by higher raw materials and packaging costs. Overall, our toothpaste market shares in Africa/Eurasia continue to trend positively. Q3 highlights in the Africa/Eurasia division include: our toothpaste market share in Turkey continues to grow year-over-year driven by Colgate Total. Colgate Total brand market share is up 80 basis points year-to-date driven by the Colgate Total Pro line with share growth of Pro Breath Health and Pro White. In South Africa, we continued to grow share year-over-year and our market share is above 50% year-to-date after finishing just below 50% in 2014 and 2015. We had strong new product activity in the quarter behind both toothpaste, with two Colgate Optic White variants launching in South Africa and North Africa/Middle East, and toothbrushes, with Colgate 360 Charcoal Gold and Colgate Slim Soft Sensitive Gum Care. Moving on to Hill's, Q3 was a challenging quarter for Hill's as strong growth in emerging markets was offset by challenges in developed markets. Organic sales were up 1.5% in the quarter driven by pricing, as volume was down 2%. Net sales were also up and included a benefit from slightly favorable currency. Operating profit grew 3%. Gross margin was up slightly as funding-the-growth savings and pricing offset higher costs. Volume in the quarter was negatively impacted by a difficult retail environment in most developed markets. We continue to see solid growth in the vet and neighborhood pet channels with particularly strong growth online. Developing market volumes were up nicely, driven by Hill's Prescription Diet Metabolic + Mobility and Metabolic + Urinary, Hill's Prescription Diet Derm Defense and Hill's Prescription Diet z/d. So to sum up, in what is proving to be a difficult macro environment for consumer packaged goods companies, we are pleased with how 2016 is progressing. We are delivering organic sales growth within our targeted range and Colgate people around the world are working diligently through funding-the-growth initiatives and our global growth and efficiency program to deliver notable gross margin improvement. Our outlook for 2017, while still taking shape, is balanced in order to continue our path of sustainable growth into next year and beyond. Our innovation pipeline is full and we're excited about what is yet to come. And with that, I'll turn it over to Jessica, and Ian will be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll first go to Dara Mohsenian from Morgan Stanley.
Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Hey, Dara.
Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: So Ian, Hill's organic sales growth weakened considerably in the quarter on a sequential basis. It's been a few years since we saw that level of growth, so I was just hoping you could give us a bit more detail on some of the drivers there, if you view it as more of a quarterly blip or the issues could linger. And also, any commentary around category growth and if you saw any slowdown in your channels in the quarter would be helpful, also. Thanks.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Yeah. Happy to do that, Dara. I must say, it would be remiss of me if I did not repeat the fact that with the array of businesses we have and in the world we are doing business how pleased we are to sustain that 4.5% clip of top-line growth and continue to expand margin and invest in the business to drive that growth. That said, you're right. As we said in the release and as John called out, the third quarter was challenging for the Hill's business. I would say, first of all, that structurally there is nothing wrong with the Hill's business. We have a very clear model which is driven by the recommendations we get for the Prescription Diet product, which cures ailments of pets, and then takes those pet parents to the Science Diet for maintaining a healthy condition; recommendation-driven, scientifically-proven with an innovation flow that is very, very strong for the business. So, not a portfolio or a structural issue. I think it is fairly widely reported that there has been a slowdown in consumer purchasing at, what you might call the traditional retail outlets. The neighborhood pet stores and vets continue to grow quite nicely, but of particular note is the explosive growth we are seeing with online. And we see that both in the U.S. and we see that in Europe, and that is clearly a growth that we are very much after, driving Hill's into that online business; and we've seen some fairly dramatic sales growth, but we haven't yet kept pace with the growth of online. So you see the traditional somewhat pressured. And while we're doing very, very well in ramping up our online business, we have a ways to go to catch the full potential of the business. So, our view is that we will see progress  sequential progress going forward and we expect to realize the full potential of that online channel as we move our way across the first half of next year. So I guess that's the way I would frame the Hill's business, Dara.
Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, and do you have a rough idea of what kind of share you have online versus the channels you are exposed to currently?
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: On the Hill's business, as I suggested in my remarks, we are under-developed online; therefore, our share would be a little bit lower. There is tremendous pet parent reception to the Hill's products online, so as I said, we expect that to improve as we move through the balance of this year and across the first half of next year. But under-developed and an opportunity, and an opportunity we are going after with focus.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now go to Wendy Nicholson from Citi Research.
Wendy C. Nicholson - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): I just have a quick follow-up on that, if that's okay, and then a real question. But just in terms of the online strategy, is there a danger that you are being too selective? And what I mean by that is, if you go on Amazon, there are only a few Hill's SKUs available, but there's a huge amount of Blue Buffalo and Iams and Eukanuba and whatnot. So when you say you're working to expand, are you expanding on something as oriented to mass as Amazon, because I know you were very careful about not going to the mass fixed retail channel? So that's my just follow-up.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Yeah. I mean, if that wasn't a real question, I'm not sure whether I have to give you a real answer, Wendy. The  but I shall. The  I think the learning in this space starts with the consumer, and what we're finding is that the consumer is not just interrogating our online Hill's pet nutrition site for information about the pet nutrition products they may choose to buy for their pets, but they're also interrogating all of the websites out there, including the Amazons of this world. So our e-commerce strategy is to reach the consumers where they are learning about the brand and where we can educate them about the brand, which is a large part of the Hill's model. And that capability exists on all of the e-sites that are out there and, therefore, our e-strategy is broad in that regard. You will see the depth of our portfolio build and you will see a Hill's presence grow sharply online.
Wendy C. Nicholson - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Got it. And then, my second question, and I apologize, but just when you think about those charts that you've shown historically, per capita consumption and how it's been growing steadily in some of the really more emerging markets, are you seeing a tapering off of that given the macro? I'm trying to get underneath the volume slowdown and how much of that is a competitive activity or just how much are consumers in China and India and emerging Southeast Asia or wherever, just not shifting into the toothpaste category, specifically, maybe at the same rate that they had been historically? Thank you
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Yes. Thanks, Wendy. Absolutely no basis to conclude that; none. And we continue to see people come into our category. Yes, we have in these emerging markets, as you have noted, taken pricing to offset the transaction impact of the foreign exchange, but quite interestingly in Latin America, for example, we now have returned to volume growth in that geography. The China situation is very much a continuation of what we described on the last call, which is, again, a slowdown in the traditional purchasing behavior of consumers and a sharp increase in online purchasing, which has led to a destocking process from an inventory point of view that is underway. Our online business doubled, again, in China in the third quarter. Our quarter-on-quarter performance there improved and we expect, as we said on the last call, to see that improvement continue. So China is a particular circumstance that we described in terms of broad-based consumer behavior in the emerging markets; absolutely no indication that moving into our category or staying with our category is any way under pressure.
Operator: And we'll now go to Caroline Levy with CLSA.
Caroline Levy - CLSA Americas LLC: Thank you. Good morning. Ian, just looking sort of countrywide, could you discuss the increase in local competition in markets like India and China and how you are working to address local competitors; and also, just update us, perhaps, on the UK, Russia. And it sounds like you're actually growing in Brazil and Argentina even though lots of other people aren't; so just a little bit of a look around the world, please.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: I think you left a couple of countries off there, Caroline. So to take your one question by point, we have talked quite extensively, I think, over the quarters about local competitors. They do continue to be there. We see them in Latin America, although the intensity of that local competition has eased somewhat. We see that in India and we have seen that in China; although, again, in China the principal local competitor market share has flattened for the last couple of quarters. I think the underlying trend there, as we mentioned on our previous phone call, is an opportunity to engage. And this is really a global trend, I would say; think about Tom's in the U.S. But to engage more broadly and deeply in what you might call, generally, the natural space, and this is very much part of our innovation programming that we see going forward. In Russia, we took some very swift action in the early days of the severe currency devaluation, both structurally, both pricing, in order that we could rebuild our margins and continue to drive the growth of that business where the market share continues to grow in Russia; and quite nicely, I would add. And in the UK, despite all of the post-Brexit doom and gloom, we  our business is okay in the UK. There's nothing I would call out of particular import in that country.
Caroline Levy - CLSA Americas LLC: Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jonathan Feeney from Consumer Edge Research.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Good morning. Thanks very much. My question was on SG&A. There was a nice reduction this quarter year-over-year and I'm trying to understand where we stand in terms of non-advertising SG&A in terms of total potential to make that more efficient. And specifically, can you remind me how much of that would be in dollars and, if possible, what effect currency has had and continues to have on that reduction over the past few years, and particularly this quarter? Thanks very much.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: I think last time we spoke, Jonathan, you said I could call you Jon. So I'll call you Jon.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Oh, you can call me whatever you want, Ian. We're still on that basis.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: I wouldn't go that far.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: You don't know me that well, yet.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: I think the first thing we would say about SG&A is we were very pleased with the increase in advertising that we saw across all of our operating divisions in this quarter; funded, of course, by the progress we made on gross margin. You're right; we had a very sharp focus on the non-advertising SG&A expense. And of course, that progress was to be delivered by our global growth and efficiency program, and I would comment that that program remains absolutely on track. Of course, you do suffer a little bit of a deleverage in terms of the top-line from the foreign exchange point of view. So while our overheads are down on a dollar basis, the ratio is modestly up, basically in line with prior year because of that deleverage. And I would also say that when we talked about the global growth and efficiency program, even though people sort of distill it as a restructuring, part of our reason for the titling of it was we are taking some of the savings that we are making and reinvesting in capability; for example, (30:34) capability in some key markets, e-commerce capability in other markets, and traditional advertising and sampling on certain categories and geographies. But you're right, it is our intention through the global growth and efficiency program, which has one more year to run, to continue to control  drive down if we can, but certainly be selective and choiceful about where we make the non-advertising investments in SG&A.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Thank you very much.
Operator: And we'll now go to Olivia Tong from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Good morning. Thank you. On the 2017 outlook, it's nice to see your expectation for a return to double-digit earnings growth next year. So what's your assumption of the macro environment underlying that versus looking at your innovation plan and anticipating greater market share improvement?
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Yeah. You know, Olivia, I would  we provide a 2017 guidance at this time as we do and have done for prior years, but it would be remiss of me if I didn't stress the fact that we are very much at the beginning of our budgeting process, whether that's on a GAAP basis or non-GAAP basis, and I don't think it would be appropriate to provide more color on 2017 at this stage. Obviously, as we usually do, we will come back more fulsomely in January and give you the update on the outcome of our budgeting process.
Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it, and I look forward to that. Perhaps, can we talk a little bit about the pricing that you saw in Q3? Is that primarily continuation of price increases that you've already taken or did you take incremental pricing for this quarter?
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: No. No, in some markets we took fresh pricing. You know foreign exchange in some parts of the world continued to be a headwind. We faced the transaction cost impact which we had to offset. And in some material streams, think fats and oils, there was indeed some upward pressure on the underlying cost of the raw material and we, likewise, took pricing to offset that. So, there was indeed new pricing in the quarter. Actually, the one thing I will say about 2017, although I do think it's been said before, is that the innovation pipeline, as you intimated, that underlines the budgeting process we are going into is very strong.
Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go to Ali Dibadj from Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hey, guys.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Hi, Ali.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hi. I want to pull a few threads together from our discussion, today, along two vectors. One is e-commerce, obviously, is not very new. And so, are you at risk at feeling  or are you perhaps even already feeling the same impact from being underrepresented on e-commerce for any other pieces of your business, given some of the volume challenges we've seen, so especially U.S, China, arguably Western Europe? So that's one question. The other one is, I guess, more broadly and, perhaps, more importantly, just a question of sustainability, right? So  and I'm not talking about environmental sustainability, just sustainability of your numbers. It just felt like this past quarter was a little bit tougher. So, at lease versus consensus, you missed, it looks like, organic sales growth for all regions but two. You had some disappointments in South Africa; clearly Hill's, which you've talked about; clearly relying a lot more on inflationary pricing in Latin America, now a little bit more in Asia-Pacific; and then, the shares, at least from omission, look like UK might be share loss or flat, China similar, India similar, Mexico similar. So I just want your reaction to that. And I know you're going to be benign on that reaction, but really as an investor or as an analyst, what shouldn't give us pause about those types of facts looking forward? So, thanks for those two.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Sure, Ali; happy to do that. The answer to your first question is, no. We are not concerned about being underrepresented. We hear a lot of our competitors talk about e-commerce, how it is a significant trend and how the full potential of it hasn't been tapped. We are seeing our market share grow and we're very comfortable with the plans we have in place of that  we have in place, period. In terms of our business, I guess it's kind of a question and a statement from you in terms of the second half. I think if you look at the macros that everybody entered the third quarter into, there were quite a few, shall we say, surprises on the downside. We have not been quiet about the challenges we have had specific to the Hill's business and we have not been quiet about the e-commerce effect in China, which we commented on in the second quarter. Our market shares, if you take our global market share, it's up on a constant currency basis. It's up on a volume basis. We are seeing the volume in Latin America come back, even with incremental pricing. And our market shares are strong around the world and we have plans, market by market, that we will be going through for 2017 that we believe will give us the confidence to sustain that 4% to 7% top-line growth in these uncertain times and create the necessary margin expansion to deliver the bottom line. So all I can really point to is the history of performance, the current performance in the quarter and the clarity of strategy and focus on delivery against that strategy, and then the execution of that that I think we have demonstrated for a while, notwithstanding comments over the years about penetration can't go up, per capita consumption can't go up, markets must slow, a whole plethora of so-called risks against the business which I think, across the company, we have successfully navigated and believe we can continue to do so going forward.
Operator: And we'll now go to Bill Chappell from SunTrust.
William B. Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thanks, good morning.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Hey, Bill.
William B. Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: In the spirit of sneaking in two questions, one on 2017, I know it's in budget process, but any early outlook on where we stand today, what currency headwind would be to top and bottom line? And then, the other one just on the Europe business, I think there was commentary about increased promotional and advertising, I guess, a little more than we've seen the prior couple quarters. Anything going on there? Is it getting more competitive or is just timing of new launches or any more color there? Thanks.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Yes. You know, Bill, it'll be easier, actually, because I'm only going to answer one of the questions.
William B. Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Perfect.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: I think in terms of foreign exchange, that's the reason we go through the budgeting process. We will be extremely fulsome when we meet together in January. In Europe, I don't think the European environment is a secret or a surprise to anyone. The growth is very muted. On aggregate, categories, if they're up, they're up modestly. More often than not they're flat, and in some cases they are down. And you see competitors who are perhaps overweight in Europe looking to make the most out of it. We manage that as judiciously as we can, as we have done in the past; so nothing that I would call out that is new and different in that environment.
William B. Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: But something that should continue, I guess, going forward in terms of that level of promotion advertising?
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: As it has done in the past, Bill. I mean, again, there's nothing new there.
William B. Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Got it. Thanks
Operator: And we'll now go to Bill Schmitz from Deutsche Bank.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey, good morning.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Hey, Bill.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey, what's the right way to build an e-commerce business for a consumer products company? Everyone talks about omni-channel, but it seems like you're going to have to displace an incumbent and annoy them if you're really going to build out the e-commerce business. So how do you manage that and the push back you're probably going to get from some of your incumbent retailers? And then, can you just tell us how your e-commerce strategy works? Like, is there a head of e-commerce at Colgate or is it embedded in the segments?
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Well, I think you have to grow e-commerce businesses like any other business, for the long haul; and build them thoughtfully  build them thoughtfully. I think the principle that one starts with is that you must service the consumer where they are. And again, we are agnostic. If they prefer to shop online, we are just as happy to have them shop online with the e-commerce site of a traditional retail partner as a standalone retail outlet  e-commerce outlet. So we go where the consumer is. And as we think about that, we have globally a central capability, which I would say is strategy and capabilities oriented, that defines our global strategy, the tools and techniques and approach that we will deploy around the world. But then, very much in the operating divisions, and specifically on the ground, we have e-commerce teams and we manage the finances of our e-commerce business on a standalone basis so we understand the investments and the return we are getting from that business. So as you might imagine, for us it's planful and thoughtful and, of course, it is wrapped around by our overall digital strategy. And I would comment, you may remember the executive, Maria Elisa Carvajal, who presented at CAGNY last year about digital, she today is running our global advertising group; so taking that skill set and wrapping it around everything that we are doing digitally. But thoughtful, for the long haul, in service of the consumer, with the right global capabilities, and then a very clear on-the-ground focus.
Operator: And we'll now go to Lauren Lieberman from Barclays.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Hey, Lauren.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hello. I was hoping you'd talk a little bit about macro environment in Brazil, kind of category growth rates? And then, specifically, I think the two products that John called out in his script that are doing well in oral care would suggest you're holding on to share as consumers trade down to the more low-end of the category; so, just a macro picture and what you are seeing through your business as a result. And then, just at the risk of missing the chance for someone else to ask it, if you could run through the gross margin bridge it would be great. Thank you.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Well, I think the macros in Brazil, Lauren, are pretty clear to all. And I think as we look forward, we don't see a hockey stick bounce-back any time soon. Interestingly, perhaps for reasons of the change there, the foreign exchange has behaved favorably so far this year. The net effect on our categories has been to see a slowdown from a volume point of view, albeit a growth in local currency still around that mid-single digit area largely driven by pricing. As we have said before about Brazil, our focus is on making sure whatever the category size is we are doing everything possible to stay connected with our consumer and grow market share with our consumer. And John mentioned those two new products. That's what we are focused on while having to take pricing historically as we have done, and I think we have said before that we fully expect the volume of our business to come back once that pricing has settled in. So we remain strategically committed to Brazil. We just think it's going to be a bumpy ride for the next little while. And if you take the gross profit roll forward for the third quarter, you take the prior year at 58.8% gross profit, pricing was 1.1 points favorable in this quarter. Restructuring and funding-the-growth savings were 2.2 points favorable. And the headwind of material prices was 1.8 negative, and a large part of that was related to transaction costs. The other on the quarter was a favorable 0.1 and that gets you to the 60.4% and the 160 basis points increase. Now, when we provided our results for the second quarter, you know, we made the comment that our gross profit expansion for the first half of this year had been 150 basis points and, at that time, we said that we expected  or suggested that you might want to look at the second half as being a similar 150 basis points. Obviously, this quarter was 160 basis points, so the way we would frame the year to go is to say that in the fourth quarter we would expect a sequential  as it has been for the last three quarters, a sequential improvement in the absolute gross margin percentage in the fourth quarter; sequential from the third quarter to the fourth quarter to close out the year. So we would say that's the way you should be thinking about gross profit.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll now go to Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, good morning, folks. Thank you for the question.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Hey, Jason.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, I want to pick up on that gross margin bridge. When you do the calculations on the numbers you just laid out, it implies that year-to-date productivity in COGS dollars is running around $211 million, which is about $50 million shy of your year-to-date run rate in the last couple of years. So question one on gross margins is  with fading productivity, is this just timing-related? Should we expect it tick up or would you  rounding out year two of the most recent productivity program, is the savings winding down? And then, on inflation, inflation stepped up as a percentage of COGS, I think running around 4.4%, which is above the sub-3% rate for the first half. It's a bit surprising given FX. We would've thought the transaction drag to be abating, but I do note that it's typical with cadence for you historically. For some reason, inflation is lower in the front half and higher in the back. So I guess, on cadence, why is that the historical pattern? And is this nothing more than a replication of a historical pattern or should we underwrite the acceleration of inflation as something you're going to have to contest with on the forward? Sorry, a lot's there.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Yes, there is. Starting from the end and coming back to the beginning, I think you are right to say that as foreign exchange lessens, the transaction impact lessons. And if you go back over the quarters we have reported, we are seeing that. But the other aspect of inflation is related to some of the commodities that we had mentioned in world markets where the underlying cost of the material is actually going up, and that is partially offsetting the benefit of the lesser transaction cost. Now, you know, as we get into our budgeting process and without guiding for 2017, we have so far not seen anything on the horizon from an underlying commodity cost that is a significant headwind. So our going-in position, to be validated as we go through the process, is no immediate underlying commodity issues and you've seen the forward projections on foreign exchanges yourself. So I guess that would be the answer to the second half. On the funding-the-growth, I wouldn't get obsessive about the year-to-date this year. Our funding-the-growth program is very much in the company. This is not exactly a linear predictable thing in terms of all of the projects we have, some bigger than others. Interestingly, our pipeline for 2017 is fuller than it has been in some prior years, so I would not say this is a slowdown to be expected going forward.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Iain Simpson with Socit Gnrale has our next question.
Iain E. Simpson - Socit Gnrale SA (Broker): Thank you very much. You're probably bored of talking about them by now, but just on those adjusted gross margins, Ian, thanks very much for the breakdown you've already given. I just wondered if you could remind us how much, if any, tailwind you've got on the gross margin level from the deconsolidation of Venezuela. And a second much broader question, channel shift is clearly causing some disruption in both Hill's and China. I just wondered if there were any other areas you'd highlight where we're beginning to see channel shift occurring and maybe we should keep an eye on them for the potential for business disruption in the coming quarters. Thank you
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Yes, I think e-commerce is  digital, in general, is a transformational trend in business, in general. But I think in terms of our businesses, what we are seeing is that that business, which is to say Hill's, and that geography is particularly leading edge. You can rest assured, as we answered to an earlier question, that our focus on e-commerce is a global one. And we are experimenting vigorously, even where e-commerce markets may be nascent, to try and drive as aggressively as we can; so, nothing I would particularly call out. And in terms of the gross margin, you're right. Venezuela is in there.
Iain E. Simpson - Socit Gnrale SA (Broker): Thank you. Have you quantified the benefit from deconsolidating Venezuela at all, or any sort of indication?
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: No, we haven't, Iain. There was a lot of clamor before the deconsolidation about the contribution to the top-line. Since the deconsolidation, that has gone away and now the clamor is on the gross margin; and, we had likewise resisted providing that single country breakout. We don't provide single country breakout information, and in 2017 it will all be behind us.
Iain E. Simpson - Socit Gnrale SA (Broker): Thank you.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Sure.
Operator: And we'll now go to Erin Lash with Morningstar.
Erin Lash - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Thank you for taking the question. I know we've spent a lot of time on the call talking about Hill's, but I was hoping to just follow up. Beyond some of the channel shifts that you're saying, has there been any change in the competitive landscape in that particular business, specifically within the developed markets? And subsequently, have there been any notable  maybe the price gaps have been shifting relative to what you're seeing with Hill's versus the competition? Thank you.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: I would say the broad answer to that question, Erin, is no on both. I think, again, if you take it from the point of view of strategy, our strategy is to partner aggressively with all e-commerce channels, because that's how the consumer is shopping. So  be they e-commerce sites with traditional retailers or standalone. So if you take that definition, there are no new competitive players out there that we perhaps are not already engaged with. And, obviously, we have clear pricing strategies for our brands. Retailers are the ones who ultimately dictate what the shelf or online price is, but we are quite disciplined about the price movement of our business and I wouldn't call out anything unusual in that regard. No.
Erin Lash - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Thank you.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Sure.
Operator: And our next question comes from Steve Powers with UBS.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Hey, Steve.
Stephen R. Powers - UBS Securities LLC: Hey, good morning. Thanks. Hey, so it was discussed earlier, but pricing this quarter was, again, really strong in Latin America and Africa/Eurasia, but I wanted to come back to it because it's the first time in a while that the magnitude of the pricing that you've delivered has outpaced the magnitude of the FX headwind you faced, if that makes sense. So I'd just love to get a better idea of to what extent you feel you can continue current pricing as you play catch-up and price away the inflation that you've been absorbing over the past year. Or conversely, if we should expect pricing now in those regions to more quickly decelerate, especially as some currencies, like you mentioned Brazil, have recently trended more favorably. And if it does retrace lower, do you feel the consumer environment is healthy enough to  for you to see an offsetting uptick in volume? Thanks.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Yes. You know, I think as we entered the year, we felt that volume would be a larger contributor to our growth than in prior years. As we worked our way into the year, we found foreign exchange continued to bedevil and we were, of necessity, forced to take pricing to protect our margin and rebuild the margin, which would  after three years of that gross profit being flat, to rebuild that gross profit so that we could invest in the business. And as I said in response to an earlier question, we've already begun to see some of that transaction impact lesson as foreign exchange lessons, but then we have been faced with some underlying increase in commodity prices, particularly in fats and oils, and that has led to pricing in selective markets. All of that said, there is nothing that we see that suggests that faced with either underlying commodity pressures or foreign exchange that goes in a different direction than everybody is expecting, we believe we still have the capacity to take pricing to protect the gross profit and that the consumer continues to stay with the brand  the brands through those pricing actions. So we don't have that concern, Steve.
Operator: We'll now go to Mark Astrachan from Stifel.
Mark Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thanks, and good morning for the  at least the next couple of minutes here.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Hey, mark.
Mark Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I went to ask about long-term sales algorithm sort of a different way. If end demand or global adoption of oral care isn't changing, as you said earlier, but had at least in the near term slightly weakening, that would seem to put some increased pressure on personal care and home care to perform better. I guess, given that, could you talk about trends in those two categories? I know you likely won't sort of give specifics about it, but could you talk about whether you're gaining or losing share in those categories, call it, over the last 12 months or 18 months, how you think about spend given it seems competition for those businesses is increasing these days?
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Yeah. Well, actually, I'm not sure the premise of the question is right, because we still think there is terrific potential for sales growth in oral care as defined today and defined more broadly, which is how we do think about it. And the pet nutrition business, which as I said in response to an earlier question, we don't see anything structurally wrong with that business apart from dealing with reaching the consumers where they are shopping. So we don't think it puts more, 'underlying pressure' on the other businesses. As you know from our strategic prioritization, after oral and pet comes personal; and we have some great brands, as you know. We have some terrific successful innovation, whether it's on Palmolive, whether it's on Sanex, which we have talked about before, all of which have been successfully deployed in existing geographies and all of which have legs to transfer to other geographies. So we'll continue to advance all four of our businesses behind the strategy we have for each, the innovation we have for each and the support we have for each in the respective markets, but we don't think there's an underlying  because of one quarter's slow down on organic from Hill's, we don't think there's an underlying weakness in oral care or pet nutrition that needs to be structurally addressed by acceleration in the other businesses.
Mark Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Could you at least talk about, directionally, whether you're gaining or losing share in those categories or maybe just sort of how we should all broadly think about it, because the disclosures, while yearly, aren't given on a quarterly basis?
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: We do fine in those businesses. I'm not sure what a market by market litany of share would actually give to the quality of assessment. So the businesses do well.
Mark Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And it appears there are no further questions. I'll turn the conference back over to our presenters for any additional or closing remarks.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate-Palmolive Co.: Well, thanks, Jessica, and thank you all for your questions and participating in the call. We look forward to catching up with you again in the new year, and a happy healthy holiday season to all of you.
Operator: This concludes today's presentation. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-28 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Bina H. Thompson - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Wendy C. Nicholson - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch William B. Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC Stephen R. Powers - UBS Securities LLC Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc. Iain E. Simpson - Socit Gnrale SA (Broker) Mark Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.
Operator: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company's Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgatepalmolive.com. Today's conference call will include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from these statements. Please refer to the earnings press release and the most recent Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings, all available on Colgate's website for a discussion of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these statements. This conference call will also include a discussion of non-GAAP financial measures, including those identified in tables eight and nine of the earnings press release. A full reconciliation with the corresponding GAAP measures is included in the earnings press release and is available on Colgate's website. Now for opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to the Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Bina Thompson. Please go ahead, Bina.
Bina H. Thompson - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Angela. And good morning, and welcome to our second quarter earnings release conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, Chairman, President and CEO; Dennis Hickey, CFO; Victoria Dolan, Corporate Controller; and Elaine Paik, Treasurer. Happily, the momentum we saw in the first quarter continued into the second quarter with good organic sales growth, within our targeted range of four to seven percent, and as compared to the strongest quarter of last year. Gross profit margin accelerated nicely, which allowed us to increase worldwide advertising as a percent to sales. And as you will hear in more detail, our market shares are strong. New products continue to play an important role in our strategy. Innovation across categories has helped fuel growth around the world. And our Global Growth and Efficiency Program is on track. Our balance sheet is strong and so is our cash generation. We continue to be faced with macroeconomic challenges in many parts of the world, coupled with ongoing and sometimes volatile currency headwinds. So in light of this, we are particularly pleased with the results. Just a quick housekeeping note before we get into the divisions. As was mentioned in this morning's 8-K filing, as a result of management changes effective April 1, 2016, the company realigned the geographic structure of its Europe/South Pacific and Asia operating segments. Beginning this quarter, the results of the South Pacific operations are reported in the Asia Pacific operating segment. There is no impact on historical company results overall. For informational purposes, recast historical geographic segment and geographic sales growth information conforming to the new reporting structure has been provided within this morning's 8-K and the For Investors section of Colgate's website at www.colgatepalmolive.com. So now let's turn to the divisions. Starting with North America. We are pleased with another solid quarter in North America. Our U.S. and Canada businesses, including our Tom's of Maine and professional businesses, contributed to good growth. Innovation across categories helped drive market shares and, as referenced in the press release, market shares increased on a year-to-date basis in toothpaste, manual toothbrushes, mouthwash, liquid hand soap, body wash, liquid cleaners and fabric conditioners. Our oral care franchises are strong. In toothpaste, our leadership position year-to-date through June of 35.7% has increased to 35.8% in the latest read. New products supported by impactful marketing campaigns and in-store activity have been critical to this success. Colgate Total Daily Repair toothpaste, our most recent addition to the Colgate Total equity, is driving growth in the super premium segment, with year-to-date shares increasing from 3.7% in 2015 to 4.3% in 2016, increasing our overall Colgate Total share by 60 basis points. In addition to equity drivers such as engaging media and in-store and online support in the second quarter, we linked Colgate Total to National Women's Health Week. Colgate Optic White is performing well with a full portfolio including multiple toothpaste offerings as well as whitening toothbrushes and mouthwash for a complete regimen approach. Adding to the basic Optic White, Optic White Platinum Express White and Optic White Platinum Lasting White variants was the recent launch of Optic White Platinum High Impact White toothpaste. Our overall Optic White toothpaste share is at 6.3% year-to-date, and in the second quarter reached 6.6%, up 80 basis points from the year-ago period. Colgate 360 Toothbrush continues to deliver differentiated and incremental innovation. In the first quarter we launched Colgate 360 Enamel Health Whitening toothbrush with spiral polishing bristles and stain erasing cups. Market share for the Colgate 360 toothbrush range has grown from 13.1% in 2011 to 19.8% in 2015 and is up again this year, achieving 22.1% through June. Continuing the momentum for the Colgate 360 franchise, shipping this month in the U.S. is the new Colgate 360 Total Advanced 4 Zone manual toothbrush. This revolutionary new toothbrush features a high-tech, ergonomic design, and a tongue and cheek cleaner with longer rubber nubs than any previous Colgate 360 toothbrush. It's specifically designed to clean the four zones of your mouth: your teeth, tongue, cheeks and gums. This launch is being supported via comprehensive shopper activation in key retailers. And in personal care, innovation in both liquid hand soap and body wash have driven share increases. In the first quarter we launched Softsoap Pure Foaming Hand Soap. The simple, gentle formula cleans and purifies and has 100% natural fragrance with no dye or alcohol. And we told you last quarter about Softsoap Luminous Oils body wash which comes in two variants: avocado oil and iris, and macadamia oil and peony. This new line has been incremental to our overall body wash share, and the macadamia oil and peony variant has been the number one Softsoap body wash variant at a major U.S. retailer for 13 out of the last 15 weeks. Let's turn to Europe. Despite continued macroeconomic uncertainties across the region, Europe delivered another quarter of positive organic sales growth. Toothpaste market shares remained relatively stable at 35.2% across the region. And we enjoyed market share increases in manual and battery toothbrushes, body wash, bar soap and fabric conditioners. While toothpaste share was relatively stable across the region, we saw some good increases in individual countries as referenced in the press release, with strength in both the Colgate and GABA brands. Now, you may recall we told you last quarter about the rollout of our toothbrush plus whitening pen which has met with great success. Our regional overall manual toothbrush share is at 27% year-to-date, up 250 basis points from the year-ago period and over 10 share points ahead of the nearest competitor. In France, one of the first launch markets to launch the toothbrush plus whitening pen, our overall year-to-date toothbrush share has gone to 25.5% from 18.2% in the year-ago period. Our year-to-date body wash share is up 40 basis points from 12.7% to 13.1%, with gains coming from both the Palmolive and Sanex brands. You will recall we recently launched a range of Sanex products, including body wash, for dry and atopic skin. And in the bigger Sanex markets - France, Spain and the UK  our overall body wash shares increased 100 basis points, 140 basis points and 30 basis points, respectively, year-to-date. Our fabric conditioner share year-to-date increased 150 basis points across the region from 23.3% to 24.8%. And our largest market, France, saw growth of over a point from 47.4% to 48.5%, with the most recent read at 50.1%, and this in the face of continued stiff competitive activity. More innovation is planned for the back half of this year. And as in other parts of the world, the toothpaste whitening segment is strong and growing at almost twice the rate of the overall toothpaste category. We lead in this segment with a 43% year-to-date share. So, to capitalize on the growth opportunity, we are relaunching Colgate Max White Optic with revitalized graphics and an improved formula which is three times more powerful for instantly and visibly whiter teeth. A new GABA product is meridol Parodont Expert, a clinically-proven daily-use toothpaste which increases gum resistance against periodontitis. This offering fills a gap in our portfolio. And in personal care, we hope to continue the momentum in body wash with the launch of Palmolive Gourmet Spa, a unique concept which has been proven in other geographies. And as I'm sure you recall, this range of body washes has a high density creamy formula offered in Vanilla Pleasure, Chocolate Passion, Peach Delight and Strawberry Touch. New sleeve packaging provides a premium look, high quality satin finishing, extended communication surface and strong shelf impact. Sanex is now launching Sanex Men, a unique positioning for the mass market, as it is the first range of products, body washes, shampoo and underarm protection, which is truly focused on men's skin health. Turning then to Latin America, the strong organic sales growth of the first quarter continued into the second quarter. And, as you would expect, innovation contributed to these results across categories. In toothpaste, our regional share year-to-date is up 80 basis points to a record 75.5%. In Brazil, our share is at a record 73.3%, with the most recent read at 73.5%. In the highly competitive whitening category, our Colgate Luminous White equity is doing well. The complete regimen offering of toothpaste, manual toothbrush, toothbrush plus whitening pen and mouthwash has been supported by a new and strong marketing campaign, Designed to Make You Shine. In Mexico, where our overall toothpaste share is back over 80%, Colgate Luminous White toothpaste has achieved a record 9.1% share year-to-date, up 60 basis points over the year-ago period. Our regional mouthwash share is also strong, up 30 basis points to 31.5% year-to-date. In Brazil, the launch of Colgate Plax Ice Infinity has met with exceptional results and driven our share up 170 basis points year-to-date to 35.2%. In the personal care category in Brazil we launched Protex Pro-Hidrata with macadamia oil, a line of bar soap, body wash and liquid hand soap offering moisturizing sensation as well as the antibacterial protection for which Protex is known. The bundle is incremental to the Protex equity, driving the Protex body cleansing share from 13.6% in December of 2015 to 14.6% in the most recent period, further establishing Protex as the leading antibacterial body cleansing equity in Brazil. Our new product flow is continuing in the second half of the year. Launching now are two new toothpastes. The first, priced at the premium range of the category, Colgate Total Professional Daily Repair, creates a shield in 100% of the mouth surfaces that helps repair early enamel demineralization and prevent teeth and gum problems. The second, Colgate Triple Action Extra Whitening, should help drive share in the base business. Its exclusive formula with micro polishing particles provides extra whitening, it removes stains, works from the first brushing and restores the teeth's natural whiteness. Along with the Triple Action toothpaste will be a companion Colgate Triple Action Whitening toothbrush. To further build on our momentum with Protex, we are continuing the launch of Protex for Men 3 in 1. The product, which comes in liquid or bar soap form, delivers three benefits. Besides eliminating 99.9% of bacteria, it actively cleans the body without drying out the skin, it prepares the skin for a soft shave and it can be used as a shampoo leaving men's hair clean with a masculine fragrance. Turning then to Asia/South Pacific. Results were somewhat muted in the region in this quarter on an overall basis with pockets of strength. For instance, in the Philippines, our toothpaste share increased over 200 basis points year-to-date to 62.6%, with the most recent read at 64.6%. Lower priced offerings such as Colgate Triple Action and Colgate Fresh Confidence as well as premium priced Colgate Sensitive contributed to the share gains. And to continue the momentum, we are in the process of introducing Colgate Fresh Confidence Bamboo Charcoal toothpaste in that market. In India, our manual toothbrush share is up 200 basis points year-to-date to 45.7%. Colgate Zig Zag Black has contributed to the share gain. And as you would expect, we have more innovation slated for the balance of the year. In India, the consumer believes strongly in natural ingredients, and we told you last quarter about two toothpaste initiatives, Colgate Active Salt with Neem and Colgate Sensitive with Clove Essence. A third toothpaste launching this quarter under the Cibaca sub-brand is Colgate Cibaca Vedshakti. The positioning is a toothpaste packed with the goodness of natural ingredients to help keep dental problems away. In the toothbrush category, we are launching Colgate Slim Soft Charcoal Spiral. Charcoal toothbrushes have been particularly successful in this region, and this latest brush offers spiral bristles with charcoal. Mouthwash is a small but growing category across the region. Our regional share is up year-to-date by 30 basis points to a record 28%. And to continue the momentum, this quarter in India we are launching Colgate Plax Spicy Fresh, delivering spicy freshness without the burn. Turning then to Africa/Eurasia. Our business across the region remains solid despite macroeconomic challenges and continued currency headwinds. Our toothpaste market shares are strong. In Russia, our share is up 120 basis points year-to-date to 34.9%. Much of the growth has come from our mainstream businesses Colgate Triple Action and Colgate Maximum Cavity protection. In Turkey, our share is around the prior year-to-date level at 26.8% but in the most recent period our share is at 28.1%. And in South Africa, our year-to-date share is at 50.4%, up 10 basis points, with the most recent read at 50.6%. In South Africa, our manual toothbrush share is up 60 basis points to 38.6% year-to-date, with the most recent read at 39.2%. Now, we've told you before about Colgate Total Pro Breath Health toothpaste, first launched in Latin America. This toothpaste with a new formula with ON 12 (15:34) complex that neutralizes bad breath bacteria while protecting 100% of the surfaces of the mouth will be rolled out across this region, supported by media and key visuals in store to communicate the benefits. Similarly drawing from other regions, we will be launching Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief Repair and Prevent toothpaste, formulated to repair the cause of sensitivity and prevent further sensitivity from gum recession. A product developed for the Russian market is our new Colgate Altai Herbs Ginseng, which adds Ginseng, a natural healing ingredient, to the Colgate Altai Herbs toothpaste launched previously. In the personal care category, we are relaunching our Palmolive Gourmet Spa line of shower gels with improved graphics. And in addition, we have added two new variants, mint and coconut. Turning to Hill's. As with the Colgate businesses, Hill's continues with solid results fueled by successful innovation. Launched now over a year ago, Prescription Diet Metabolic Plus continues to deliver outstanding performance. The complete range of dry and stews has been rapidly distributed across all regions and is now selling in 46 countries. Building on the solid Metabolic Plus platform, in May of this year we launched Prescription Diet Metabolic Plus Urinary Stress for cats with clinically proven nutrition for concurrent conditions of obesity and feline lower urinary tract disease. This launch was integrated into an overall focus on urinary problems which are very common in cats. The product is now available in thirteen countries across North America and Europe. Dermatological disorders and skin issues represent the fourth largest therapeutic food category in dollar sales for pets. In 2016 we have two major initiatives in this area: Prescription Diet Derm Defense and an upgrade of our Prescription Diet z/d. Prescription Diet Derm Defense is Hill's first and only nutrition with HistaGuard Complex, formulated to reduce signs of environmental allergy by disrupting the internal allergy response and creating a barrier against future episodes in dogs. It is now in the U.S. and Europe and will be rolled out across the rest of the world. The science was presented both at a Global Derm Symposium in April in California and at the World Congress of Veterinary Dermatology in May in France, driving awareness among key thought-leaders. Our Prescription Diet z/d upgrade has been reformulated to increase ingredients known to support skin and coat and GI health. And in addition, we launched a small bites variant for the rapidly growing small dog population. Innovations across our Science Diet platform continue to do well. In addition to our Science Diet Perfect Weight and Science Diet Healthy Cuisine, which we told you about last quarter, our Science Diet Urinary Hairball Control for cats is exceeding original sales estimates in North America. It's now the number one wet variant for Science Diet. In Europe we have an online quiz and game as well as videos for the product to generate interest and trial. So in summary then, we are very pleased with how the year is progressing. Our organic sales growth is solid and our savings programs as well as our Global Growth and Efficiency Program are delivering a healthy gross profit margin increase. Around the world Colgate people are executing our focused strategies. Our innovation pipeline is full and we're excited about what is yet to come. So we look forward to sharing our results with you as we go through the balance of the year. And now, Angela, I should like to turn it over to questions.
Operator: Thank you. Today's questions-and-answer session will be conducted electronically for the telephone audience. And we will take our first question from Wendy Nicholson with Citi Research.
Wendy C. Nicholson - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi. Good morning.
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Wendy.
Wendy C. Nicholson - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): I don't think I heard, Bina, you comment on China, even though in the press release you mentioned volume declines. So could you talk about the magnitude of the volume declines in China, what the pricing environment was like? And maybe a broader question of kind of what's going on, is it to your market share? I know Procter has talked about the need to more premiumize the oral care category. Do you share that view? So sort of a specific on the quarter, how did China fare? And bigger picture, what's your take on China right now? Thanks.
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks for the question, Wendy. I guess overall I would start a little bit further back and say that in balancing all of the geographies and the headwinds we are facing in the world, we were delighted to post an overall 4.5% organic growth. Asia, as you saw, was more muted at 2% although with some highlights, as Bina has already discussed. I don't think based on what you have heard over the last couple of weeks from other companies that operate in China that there are some short-term issues in that geography. So let me explain our analysis of what's going on, which we view as a relatively short-term issue as I will describe, and then I can come back and talk about market shares both overall and respective to China. So first of all, in terms of what's going on in the marketplace, two things. Number one, as we entered the second quarter, the consumer consumption slowed quite sharply. It picked back up and as we look forward, we think that the consumer consumption in China for the balance of the year will continue to be around mid-single digits. But there was a slowdown entering the second quarter. That was compounded by a fairly large structural change that's going on in China, which is this shift of business from brick and mortar to online. Online's showing very sharp growth, indeed our online business doubled year-to-date in China. And both of those things saw inventory build with the wholesalers, in part because of backdoor selling from the brick and mortar retailers which distorted pricing in the market and built inventory with wholesalers. Now, we have seen that before, as you know, and we are seeing it again and we are in the process of dealing with that inventory situation. And we think, as it was the last time, it will be fully corrected by the time we get to the fourth quarter of this year but it will continue for a little while. In terms of market share, we talked on the last call about market share in China. I would comment first on the world and I would say on the world that our market share in dollar terms, which is what we comment on in the press release, is modestly down. But that is all to do with foreign exchange mix. In fact, our market share on a constant currency basis is up, and our market share in volume terms is up around the world. In China, our market share is beginning to recover in the second quarter, showing two periods of uptrend as the innovation that we spoke about the last time, which is premium innovation to your point, Wendy, is beginning to take hold in the marketplace. So we don't think we're imbalanced from a portfolio point of view. The primary local competitor that we spoke about, Unimbyall (24:19), has been flat in market share terms for the past six periods. And we think our innovation flow is good. So for our business, based on the analysis we see, it is this temporal adjustment again of slowdown in consumption which has picked back up, but perhaps a more substantive shift over time move from brick and mortar to e-commerce. Again, if the consumption is mid-single digits, we will simply grow our business where consumers do their shopping. The consumption levels will not change. So something to work through, but we don't think substantive. And we certainly don't think that we have a portfolio issue as we go forward.
Wendy C. Nicholson - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): I know you've commented in the past that you're kind of agnostic, at least in developed markets, about selling to brick and mortar versus online retailers. Does that apply as well to China or is there a margin difference between where you're selling? Thanks.
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: We're agnostic.
Wendy C. Nicholson - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Thanks.
Operator: We will now go to Ali Dibadj with Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hey, guys.
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Ali.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Want to drill a little bit into Latin America. And so, look, it's more than half of your emerging market business right now. So at about kind of 9.5% pricing that you took from that region, that's driving about 80%-ish, three-quarters, 80%-ish of your emerging market, 6.5% growth you mention in the release. And to be clear, you're not unique in that reliance among the companies that we cover. But I want to get a sense of the sustainability you see in that, especially as we saw some of your Brazil volumes get a little bit worse lately sequentially here. We see that Latin America is the only region, at least from the press release, that you increased ad spend on. Mexico is left out of share gaining. Kind of the list of countries, Mexico's left out after Latin America. So I want to get a sense of you about the sustainability of driving so much of your growth from that region.
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Well, we're quite optimistic on Latin America, which may be a contrarian thing to say, largely based on the relationship we have with the consumers that buy our products. Now, the Mexican market share is still north of 80%, which is a fairly respectable place to be, and we quoted the Brazilian share at now approaching 74%. I actually wouldn't use the term relying on pricing in Latin America. I would more say that we have the elasticity to take the pricing with our consumer in order to offset the translation impact of costs driven by weakening foreign exchange. You know well from our history that while we see volume slow down as the pricing goes through, that that comes back over time. And our forward thinking on Latin America is that the volume negative will dissipate across the back half of the year. And the important thing for us is to watch our market shares and, as I said earlier, our market shares are not only up country by country, but they're up on a volume basis as well. So people are staying with our product. If we don't face the headwind in costs, as we said coming into this year, you would see our forward business momentum be more volume driven than pricing driven. And indeed we still stand behind the comment that for this year, as we deliver within the 4% to 7% range that we are staying with, it will be more volume driven than pricing driven for the entire year. So it is a response to the headwinds that we face to help generate the kind of gross margin expansion that you are seeing which allows us to continue to lift our traditional advertising, which I know you favor, and at the same time continue with the in-store work that we also believe engages with consumers. So we're very comfortable with our approach, and that comfort is based entirely on the enduring relationship we have with the consumers that buy our products in that part of the world.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: This was helpful. And the enduring relationship with consumers in that part of the world, it seems like you want to increase that through incremental advertising spend there but nowhere else, so in none of the other regions you see ad spend goes up, as far as I could tell, except for that region. So I'm trying to get a better sense of that. And if you might be able to just give a little bit more granularity on Brazil. So are people trading down? What do you see happening now? We've heard some people saying it's bottoming. Just some perspective there. Thanks.
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Well, as usual, thanks for the one question. On Brazil, I think we take the view, as many others have announced, that we see this continuing for the balance of the year. We have not seen trading down in terms of our portfolio. Indeed, we did not see that, you will remember, during the subprime period. And if consumers find themselves cash stretched, they tend to buy a smaller size before they come back to the payday weekend. So I would venture to say more continued turbulence in Brazil for the balance of the year. We have long said that we did not think this would be a short fix. Again, our category growth rates continue in that mid-single digit range. Yes, largely driven by pricing at this time. But these foreign exchanges trends will eventually change. So that would be Brazil. And in terms of the advertising, Ali, I think you have to watch our planning over a year rather than drill in to one geography in one quarter. We stand by what we say, which is that we are planning for our advertising for the full year to be up both absolutely and as a percentage to sales, and we will see how that unfolds over the balance of the year. Frankly again, even though this may continue to be contrarian, in some parts of the world where the consumers are particularly stressed, we are finding that the in-store efforts produce a better result with good brand scores and a good ROI. And we will continue to do that in a balanced way to build our brands.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: We'll now go to Olivia Tong with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks. Just for clarification, is your share online in key markets similar to what we can see in brick and mortars, or are there markets where there are disconnects? And then just in terms of price mix, following up on that, the price versus volume contribution obviously is still on back to price being a bigger contributor versus volume. So first, does mix have any impact in there? And then just sort of your thoughts on the second half in terms of the dynamic. I know volume a bigger piece than price over time, but just a clarification on that second half expectation. Thank you.
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, the online is interesting because what you see online often is that the share composition is very different. So for example in the U.S., we are the brand share leader online but, for example, our Tom's of Maine business has a disproportionately elevated share online which may trace to the demographics of the consumer. So you see our shares profiling strongly, but sometimes the composition of those shares is very, very different to what you would see in a brick and mortar account. Relative to this pricing notion, I mean, our price was greater than our volume in this, the second quarter for the reasons that I have mentioned. You will remember our volume is a dollar weighted volume, so mix is not a factor in the discussion. And to repeat what we said to Ali, it is our planning that for this year in total, our growth, which will be within the 4% to 7% range we have been guiding will be more driven towards volume than price on a relative basis to last year.
Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks. If could follow up on developed markets pricing, it's been pretty negative in developed markets, and in the case of the U.S. it's got more negative versus last year. And your main competitor seems to have a bit more of a sense of urgency in other categories. So what are you seeing on the competitive front that's causing you to keep promotional levels heightened like this? Thank you again.
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I'm not sure the pricing situation in Europe is unique to us. If you talk about North America, oftentimes this traces here to the couponing that you use to put behind your new innovations. So we all have our thoughts and plans in terms of innovation flows, which vary by company, but our pricing in North America, we think overall, we get a good organic growth out of it. So it really does trace more to the innovation flow and the couponing that builds trial behind that innovation flow. Hello?
Operator: With no other questions from Ms. Tong, we will now go to Bill Chappell with SunTrust.
William B. Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Good morning. Thanks.
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Bill.
William B. Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Hey, Ian, just kind of a simple question. On share repurchase, just looking back, your average share count went down sequentially every quarter from 2006 until 2015, yet it's gone actually up for the first time both in 1Q and 2Q. So is there a change in thought of use of cash or share repurchase, or it's just more of a short-term event?
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No, there is not a change. We simply got behind ourselves. So for the year we are still talking about a gross buyback of $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion. We fell behind, frankly, in the second quarter which is the net result of what you see. Therefore, what you're going to see over the balance of the year is that share repurchase pick up. And on a gross basis, it's going to be between $300 million and $400 million a quarter so that we realize the $1.2 billion, $1.3 billion range for the full year. So we're still holding to the full year and, therefore, there will be an uptick in the second half of the year to compensate.
William B. Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. And that's reflected I guess in the share count on the outlook.
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Exactly.
William B. Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: We'll now go to Jonathan Feeney with Consumer Edge Research.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Thanks very much for the question.
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Is it John or Jonathan?
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: It's Jonathan.
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: It's Jonathan. You can call me either, Ian.
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Fine.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: When you think about pricing and volume, particularly in Latin America where you have such strong market shares, has anything  it strikes me as a conundrum companies like yourselves face that just at the time when consumers are feeling some distress in other areas from the currency movement, you're asking them to pay more for the products. Assuming a more neutral currency situation in the future, how much pricing opportunity of the pricing that's happening today is increased value add, increased value you're bringing to the consumer? And how much of it do you think that lasts into a more neutral currency environment, should we ever experience one again? But hopefully at some point in the next year or two. Thanks very much.
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, thanks, Jonathan. Latin America is an interesting part of the world. The shopping consumer in Latin America is perhaps one of most educated on the planet in terms of the vagaries of foreign exchange and what that means for a shopping basket. And the steps that we take are entirely driven by the currency. And if you talk qualitatively with consumers in Brazil for example, they can almost tell you what the price of the goods that they buy are going to be based on the foreign exchange moves. I guess the good way to think about it is that our kinds of products, yes, you're talking taking pricing but you're talking taking pricing on an everyday product and at relatively modest levels on top of that. So it does not affect their loyalty to the brand over time. They have opportunities in terms of the different sizes we have to buy at different price points and therefore mitigate the cost impact from a cash outlay point of view, which indeed they do do. But interestingly, they don't even trade down within our portfolio. So if they're buying the premium end of the Colgate portfolio, they keep buying that. They don't trade down to perhaps what you might say is a more economical option within our portfolio. So our kinds of products at the time these economies are going through what they are going through become the affordable luxuries that people continue to put in their shopping basket. So that's the way I would answer it, John.
Operator: We will now move on to Steve Powers with UBS.
Stephen R. Powers - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Good morning, Ian. I'm trying to try in sneak two questions on two different tacks. The first one is just to clarify what you said earlier I think in response to Olivia's question. Did you say that mix was not a factor in your reported volume? Because I thought it was.
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Mix is in  we have a dollar-weighted volume.
Stephen R. Powers - UBS Securities LLC: Okay.
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So it's in the volume.
Stephen R. Powers - UBS Securities LLC: Yeah. So it's in the volume. Okay. Okay.
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: In other words, it's not separate. She was looking for a separate contribution. That was our point.
Stephen R. Powers - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Got it. And so just building on that, as you were discussing with Ali, as the volume improves sequentially as pricing subsides, just from a marketplace dynamic, do you expect more of a unit volume recovery or is it more of a resumption of trade-up?
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, we'll get both. We'll get both. But the volume will recover and it will not all be trade-up.
Operator: We will now move on to Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Lauren.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey. Could we talk a little bit about gross margins? I think maybe your  I would think maybe you're a little disappointed that no one's asked you about it yet given gross margins were up 190 basis points. So if you could run through the bridge for us. And then also just talk about how that impacts your view of the moving pieces for the balance of the year. I guess I'll have a follow-up once I know what the key drivers were.
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I was going to ask you to repeat the question because I like hearing 190 basis points. So if we just do the traditional roll forward, the prior-year gross profit was 58.3%. We got the benefit, 110 basis points of the pricing. We had between funding the growth and restructuring  restructuring modest in gross profit, as you know, 190 basis points favorable. Material prices were a headwind of 110 basis points. Nothing in all other. And that gets you to the 60.2% which is the 190 basis points. Now, as we think about that for the balance of the year, I mean, first pleasingly  although these pleasing moments are quickly behind you, but pleasingly this is the second back-to-back quarter now we've been above 60% in gross margin, which, as you know, was a company goal. Indeed, the second edged slightly up on the first. But if you look at your gross profit for the first half of the year, it's up 150 basis points. 1.5 points. So as we, as you, think about the balance of the year, I guess what we would say is our expectation is that our gross margin increase for the second half of the year will be around the same level as the first half, maybe even a little bit higher. And the primary driver of that of course is transaction headwinds will start to lessen as the foreign exchange comparisons, bar another event in our world, improve year upon year.
Operator: We will now move on to Iain Simpson with Socit Gnrale.
Iain E. Simpson - Socit Gnrale SA (Broker): Thank you very much. One of your competitors recently commented that oral care was a category that would potentially lend itself to an online subscription model, the advantage being that it would increase rates of toothbrush replacement. Just wondered if that was something you felt able to make any comment on or I guess any thoughts around direct to consumer e-commerce more generally. Thank you.
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. We think it's a great idea.
Operator: All right. And we will now move on to Mark Astrachan with Stifel.
Mark Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thanks, and morning, everybody.
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Mark.
Mark Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I wanted to ask about Hill's. So in the press release, innovation is called out, seems to be largely driven by prescription Science Diet. I didn't see any mention in there of the natural or Ideal Balance categories, brands. So I guess curious if you could comment on why the focus seems to be on the nutrition science, not naturals which I guess it has been more so in recent years and if there's anything we should read into it from a consumer preference standpoint in terms of changing tastes out there.
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I don't think so. I think whatever we do on Hill's, whatever we have done on Hill's, we are always extremely focused as a matter of strategy on the nutrition the diets provide; doesn't matter whether it is a prescription product, a Science product, or even our Ideal Balance product. I think the thing you might want to read into it is that after we introduced Ideal Balance, we have been through an extensive process of changing the formula composition of our Science Diet product  at least the one not recommended or prescribed by a vet  to change the composition of the ingredients in those products to lead with protein and other ingredients that buyers of natural products value thereby no longer providing them with a reason to walk away from the nutrition of Science Diet because Science Diet doesn't offer them a formula composition that they're looking for. And that was a significant change that we made to make that piece of the business less vulnerable to a naturals pure play. So Ideal Balance is doing okay but I would say our major shift has been to make sure from a dietary composition point of view that our core Science Diet business is competitive. And, of course, in making that change have validated the fact that the nutritional benefit that the pet is provided is completely unchanged in making that formula adjustment. So I guess that's the way I would think about it. And all of the innovation that Bina talked about on the prescription diet side, as you've seen with the weight products, we translate that science, if you will, across Science Diet and even bring it to Ideal Balance, although we would market it in different ways given the different positionings of each of those three segments of the business.
Operator: We will take our final question from Steve Powers with UBS.
Stephen R. Powers - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks for the follow-up. So, sorry in advance for the technical question, but just as I'm asking you about how you define things in your reporting, if I think about Europe where you see pricing down again 3% this quarter, which I understand is a well-documented trend, if I go back to 2009 and just index your portfolio to 100 and multiply it through the reported pricing, it implies that you're pricing  your portfolio is down almost 20% in aggregate since that time. And obviously there's been a big continuous mix component, I'm assuming, as you roll in new premium innovation that's help offset that in the volume line. But as I think about how that flows through to margins, I'm assuming that that premiumization has been beneficial to margins, but if I look at how you define the buckets of margin drivers, especially by segment, you typically call out funding the growth and then all-in kind of raw and packaging costs and then pricing. I just want to understand, maybe using Europe as an example, when there's a significant mix benefit or impact on margins, where does that fall? Is that netting against pricing that mix benefit or is it somehow contributing to funding the growth as it relates to your margin drivers? Thanks.
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, thank you for the simple question. I think the mix benefit clearly is picked up in gross margin. And I would say it would be between pricing and cost in the gross margin calculation, base cost.
Operator: And we don't have any other questions at this time.
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, thank you. Thank you ever so much. Thank you for your interest in the company in these turbulent times, and we look forward to updating you all as the year unfolds. And we take the opportunity to thank all of the Colgate folk that work so hard to make this happen. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-29 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Bina H. Thompson - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. Wendy C. Nicholson - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Stephen R. Powers - UBS Securities LLC Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC William B. Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research LLC William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. John A. Faucher - JPMorgan Securities LLC Caroline Levy - CLSA Americas LLC Erin Lash - Morningstar, Inc. (Research) Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc. Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company's First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded and is being simulcast live www.colgatepalmolive.com. Today's conference call will include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from these statements. Please refer to the earnings press release and the most recent Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings, all available on Colgate's website for a discussion of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these statements. This conference call will include a discussion of non-GAAP financial measures, including those identified in Table 6 of the earnings press release. A full reconciliation with the corresponding GAAP measures is included in the earnings press release and is available on Colgate's website. Now, for opening remarks, I'd like to turn the call over to Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Bina Thompson. Please go ahead, Bina.
Bina H. Thompson - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you, Jessica, and good morning. And welcome to our first quarter 2016 earnings release conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, Chairman, President and CEO; Dennis Hickey, CFO; Victoria Dolan, Corporate Controller; and Elaine Paik, Treasurer. We're delighted with our strong start to the year. Organic sales growth is well within our targeted range of 4% to 7%. Our gross profit margin reached a long-standing goal of 60%. Advertising as a percent of sales was at a solid 10.6%, even with the year-ago quarter, but up 230 basis points from the fourth quarter of 2015, behind strong new product activity. Currency headwinds continued in the quarter, and we were able to take pricing to partially offset those headwinds and still deliver volume growth. And, as you will hear as I go through the divisions, our market shares are strong and growing. We are well into our Global Growth and Efficiency Program. Savings are projected to be within our announced ranges. And our funding-the-growth initiatives have delivered another solid 130 basis points benefit on the gross margin line in the quarter. Current estimates show the benefits from these funding-the-growth initiatives increasing as we go through the year. Our balance sheet is solid. Working capital is down from the prior year. We announced a dividend increase effective this quarter, and our share buyback program continues. So then, let's turn to the divisions, starting with North America. This division reported solid results. Innovation helped to fuel growth, and our market shares were up or stable in eight of 11 categories. Our new products were well-supported with impactful integrated marketing campaigns, with activation in-store, as well as in traditional media and digital. In toothpaste, as mentioned, we've achieved market leadership on the year-to-date basis, up 50 basis points to almost 36% of the market. And you may recall that we launched Colgate Total Daily Repair toothpaste in the third quarter of 2015. This quarter, we launched a companion mouthwash, which allowed us to offer a regimen approach and was supported by shelf displays in-store. As a result, Colgate Total toothpaste achieved its highest first quarter share since 2013. We continue to expand our line of Colgate Optic White whitening toothpaste with the launch of High Impact White. Priced at an uber-premium price point, this innovation offers four shades visibly whiter teeth by brushing twice daily for six weeks. Part of our integrated marketing campaign associated with the launch was sponsorship of the 2016 Country Music Awards, with displays in the presenter holding room as well as the Colgate Optic White hair and makeup Room. The Colgate Optic White line, now with six variants, all premium or uber-premium priced, holds a record 6% market share year-to-date. Also, in the first quarter, we launched Colgate Enamel Health Mineral Repair toothpaste, which helps repair weakened enamel with vital minerals. The launch was supported by a Smile with Strength campaign, one of the strongest testing campaigns ever for the Enamel Health range. And, in addition, we provided strong support to the dental professionals, with extensive sampling, print ads in dental journals, conventions, education and detailing. We continue to widen our lead in the manual toothbrush category. A significant contributor has been our line of Colgate 360 toothbrushes. The most recent introduction was Colgate 360 Enamel Health Whitening toothbrush, a differentiated and incremental innovation, which brought the 360 franchise share to a record 23% year-to-date. Our body wash shares are up 50 basis points year-to-date to 9.5%. Contributing to this success is our new line of Softsoap Luminous Oils body wash, formulated to leave the skin feeling soft after showering. And in early reads, it is exceeding our performance expectations. For men, we launched Irish Springs Signature for Men Clean & Scrub exfoliating body wash, crafted with authentic oat extract as well as the classic Irish Springs scent in a convenient pump. Turning then to Europe/South Pacific, results were solid in this division as well. A very full innovation grid fueled volume and market share growth. Market shares increased year-to-date in toothpaste, toothbrushes, body wash, bar soap, deodorants and fabric conditioners. Our toothbrush share across Europe increased 40 basis points, increasing our market-leading position. Similarly, in manual toothbrushes, we extended our number one position by 170 basis points year-to-date; and in fabric conditioner, by 150 basis points year-to-date. In toothpaste, our first quarter launch of Colgate Total Deep Clean has helped drive share. To build on the success of the Colgate Total line, we also launched Colgate Total Proof, with color change technology so you can see it working. In the sensitivity segment, we're launching Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief Extra Strength toothpaste, which stops sensitivity pain instantly by repairing the open channels to sensitive tooth nerves and strengthens the protective layer while strengthening the teeth. And under the elmex brand, we're launching elmex Repair & Prevent toothpaste, which repairs sensitive areas of teeth to prevent further sensitivity. Now, we told you last quarter about the launch of Colgate Expert White Toothbrush + Built-In Whitening Pen. This launch is off to a very strong start. In the second month of launch, we reached almost a 20% share in France and almost 15% in Belgium. So this quarter, we're taking the device plus chemistry format into the sensitivity segment with the launch of Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief Toothpaste + Built-In Sensitivity Pen. This provides instant and long-lasting sensitivity relief with a targeted application; simply brush, treat and go. As with oral care, our personal care new product pipeline has been full and has helped increase our share in body wash, soaps and deodorants. We told you last quarter about a very exciting premium priced line, Palmolive Skin Garden. This regimen approach offering of body wash, bath foam, liquid hand soap and bar soap has met with early success. Our Sanex innovations, Sanex Advanced Shower Oils and Body Balms, are also driving results. In France, for example, our Sanex body wash shares is at 10.6% year-to-date, up almost two full points from the year-ago period, and the leading brand in the market. To keep up the momentum this quarter, we're launching Sanex Soft Freshness underarm protection, filling an important portfolio gap. Freshness is among the top consumer expectations in the category, and is highly incremental to our portfolio, with a unique formula that slowly releases pleasant fragrances. And in fabric conditioner, we're very excited about our new line of Soupline Complete Care, which we expect to further drive our leading share position. At a super-premium price, this new product employs innovative technology to deliver three sought-after benefits: irresistible softness, anti-pilling and color protection. The bottle design has outstanding on-shelf impact and we expect the launch to receive unprecedented support in this category. Turning then to Latin America, business in Latin America remains strong, despite macroeconomic challenges in some of our larger markets. Market shares increased year-over-year in toothpaste, manual toothbrushes, mouthwash, shampoo, bar soaps and liquid cleaners. Our regional toothpaste share increased 120 basis points to almost 76% year-to-date. In Brazil, our share climbed 160 basis points to 73.3% year-to-date, driven by our base businesses, such as anti-cavity and Colgate Triple Action, as well as our premium priced sensitivity business. Our regional manual toothbrush share was up 50 basis points to 41.5% year-to-date. Our regional mouthwash share increased 50 basis points, as well, to 31.2% year-to-date. Brazil, Argentina and Chile all performed well in mouthwash. Brazil's share increased 150 basis points to 34.5%, due to the very successful launch of Plax Ice Infinity. In bar soaps, where our year-to-date share is over 29%, Protex and Palmolive continue to be the number one and two brands across Latin America. Year-to-date, we've reached record shares in Mexico, Colombia and Guatemala. In Mexico, innovations such as Palmolive Almond and Omega 3 Oil, supported by impactful shopper marketing programs, continues to drive demand. And we're excited about the upcoming innovation grid for this quarter. In oral care, we'll be launching a complete regimen behind Colgate Sensitive Pro Alivio: toothpaste; manual toothbrush; and mouthwash. And we will offer new, improved graphics across the line. In the Kids' segment, we're launching Colgate Smiles Minions toothpaste, toothbrushes and mouthwash, with the characters kids love. The introduction was timed with the release of the Minions movie across the region. And to continue the momentum in fabric conditioner, we're launching Suavitel Superior Care. Consumers in this region feel that they're constantly washing clothes, making them look worn out too quickly, so this new product conditions each individual fiber to reduce wear-out and extend the life of one's clothes. It will be available in our traditional fragrance as well as a new, unique and sweet vanilla one. Turning then to Asia, business is solid in this region. While overall leadership regional shares in toothpaste and manual toothbrushes have started the year a bit soft, select countries showed good results. As referenced in the earnings press release, toothpaste shares increased in Hong Kong, Taiwan, Philippines and Pakistan. Our manual toothbrush share in India is up 220 basis points to a market-leading 45.7% year-to-date, due, in part, to innovation in the black bristle segment. Innovation launched late in the first quarter and coming in the second quarter should help drive results going forward. In India, we've just launched Colgate Pain Out. Tooth pain is one of the most common dental problems for Indian consumers. And heretofore, there was no targeted solution for the pain, which can come with no warning. Colgate Pain Out is a targeted spot-based application gel that provides express relief from tooth pain. It's been launched in pharmacies across the country and has met with very good early success, while helping to build Colgate's therapeutic equity in the pharmacy channel. The natural segment in India has been growing rapidly. And to capitalize on this, we're revitalizing our Colgate Active Salt toothpaste bundle. This comes in three variants: original, with lemon and neem. And also in this segment, we're launching Colgate Sensitive clove essence toothpaste, which provides long-lasting relief from sensitivity, with the natural essence of clove. For children in India ages two to five, we're introducing a line of toothpastes which are mild and safe and have flavors kids love, strawberry and bubble fruit. In China, we've been relaunching with new graphics and packaging across the toothpaste product portfolio: Colgate 360, which reduces bacteria for a 360 degree healthier mouth; Colgate Max Fresh, with a three times freshness shockwave; and Colgate Power White, with a wide range of flavor offerings: dazzling mint, sparkling mint, lemon mineral salt, bamboo charcoal mint and jasmine white tea. In the toothbrush category, in India, we've just introduced the Colgate A1 toothbrush. Now, as you know, in this country of over 1.3 billion people, we have a large opportunity to increase penetration and consumption in the lower income segments. These consumers believe that a toothbrush with a broad, yet compact, head and dense bristles, not only cleans effectively but is also durable and longer-lasting. Colgate A1 meets this need and is priced at an affordable value price point, so this should help us continue to grow our leading manual toothbrush market share. Turning then to Africa/Eurasia, organic sales growth in this region was strong. And, given the 17% currency headwind, the growth came largely from price, as we needed to take significant pricing in certain markets. However, in certain markets, such as Russia, we achieved both pricing and volume growth. Innovation has been instrumental in driving our results, and there's more to come. In the toothpaste whitening category, we're launching Colgate Optic White Lasting White. It's clinically-proven Whiteseal technology makes teeth one shade whiter in one week, while preventing stains and seals-out even tough stains from food and drink. Across Africa, we're introducing a second tier of pricing for the premium Colgate Optic White line, with impactful cracked ice packaging. In the manual toothbrush category, we're launching Colgate Slim Soft Sensitive Gum Care. Developed for the consumer with sensitivity, the brush has ultra-soft bristles and small tuft holes that provide a gentle mouth feel and an ultra-compact head that easily navigates in the mouth. And in the deodorant category in Russia, where we have a solid business, we just launched Lady Speed Stick Bio Protection in March. This line effectively protects against sweat and odor, while also caring for your skin health. The product contains a bio-controlled complex, clinically-proven to provide protection while keeping the skin healthy without irritation. And, as you would expect, it's being supported by in-store shopper support, which should drive good results. Finally, turning to Hill's, Hill's continues to deliver well-balanced mid-single-digit organic sales growth. Business is good domestically and overseas, both in the therapeutic and wellness categories. In the Hill's Prescription Diet line, Metabolic Plus continues to perform well. First launched a year ago, it's now sold in 42 countries. The offering of a complete range of dry food and stews has been supported by extensive sampling and in-clinic seminars and recommendation tools. And, as a result, sales of this product in the first quarter were almost 30% ahead of our expectations. Hill's Science Diet Perfect Weight is also meeting with success. In the first quarter, we added Perfect Weight wet in stew form to the existing dry line. As you may recall, this innovation is breakthrough nutrition formulated to help dogs achieve and maintain a healthy weight. Another first quarter introduction was Science Diet Healthy Cuisine, which offers our new alginate technology in our wellness line to deliver superior-looking tasty wet food. This innovation is consistent with the trend of the humanization in pet food. And the launch was supported by end-cap placements in some of the pet superstores, at-shelf signage, on-pack stickers, sampling in store and online support and digital media. Launching this quarter are Hill's Prescription Diet Mobility Treats, great tasting treats that support veterinarians' nutritional recommendation and management of dogs with mobility issues. These are baked treats, such as a pet parent would make at home, and form part of an effective nutritional regimen for dogs eating our Hill's Prescription Diet Metabolic Plus Mobility or Prescription Diet j/d therapeutic pet foods. So in summary, we're delighted with our strong start to the year, building on the momentum with which we exited 2015. And as you have heard, we delivered robust organic sales growth, good gross profit margin growth and solid advertising support behind a full range of new products across categories. Our consistent strategies, which you all know well, have yet again stood us in good stead. Colgate people around the world, as always, are working hard to deliver encouraging results, so we look forward to sharing our progress with you as we go through the balance of the year. And, Jessica, that's the end of my prepared remarks. I'd like to turn it over to you to start the Q&A session.
Operator: We'll go now to Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, guys. Thanks for letting me kick it off.
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Jason.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Congratulations on the solid start. The volume numbers were obviously very impressive, good to see the snap-back. Also good to see the gross margin progression; on that front, just a quick question for clarification to make sure we understand how to model this in the forward, going through the Q, it looks like the biggest swing factor in the margin progression came at that clubbed line, the group line of cost inflation, FX  and obviously, you've now added Venezuela deconsolidation in there. We went from a 420 basis point drag to around 130 basis point drag. Can you elaborate on the puts and takes that caused that 290 basis point swing; and ideally, although I'm not sure you're going to answer it, if you could break out the impact of the Venezuela deconsolidation?
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, okay, Jason, great. And you're right. I'm not going to break out Venezuela. I, frankly, would start by reiterating what Bina said that we are pleased, as you amplified, Jason, with the start to the year. We think it does reflect constancy of strategy and constancy of execution. And pleasingly, the first quarter arrived pretty much as I think we heard described to you it would when we were last on the call, which is to say that our top line would grow between 4% and 7% organically, excluding Venezuela. And 5% was entirely consistent with the fourth quarter. We said that we expected our gross margin to expand between 75 and 125 basis points, and we're very pleased with the 110 and with the increased advertising behind the innovation and all of that flowing through to the bottom line. I guess my comment on the gross profit would be if you look at the shape of our business, gross profit improved across all of our divisions, with the exception of Hill's for a known commodity issue, so it is not limited to Latin America. And across Latin America, we took pretty significant pricing on the back of significant pricing all 2015 to offset further transaction impact, obviously, again, without Venezuela. And we were pleased in Latin America, as we suggested might be the case, that the volume negative that we saw in the fourth quarter rebounded, I think confirming the fact that although there is always a lead lag, we have good consumer loyalty and adoption even at higher price points. So the way I would frame gross margin is we started at the end of the first quarter saying that our gross margin would expand 75 to 125 basis points for a host of reasons, part of which was Venezuela, but our funding-the-growth was an important piece of it as well. And again, 110 [basis points] is pleasing. And as we look forward, I guess we would say we expect our gross margin to continue to improve from the first quarter level over the balance of the year and would now say that for the full year, we expect our gross margin to come in towards the high end of our 75 to 125 basis point range, maybe even slightly ahead of that, depending on where transaction headwinds go. We said the last time that we thought gross margin expansion after the plateau of the last two to three years was an important part of 2016, and clearly that focus remains in the company. And let me just conclude by saying and perhaps giving you the gross profit roll-forward year-on-year, so if you go back to the first quarter of 2015, we had a gross profit margin of 58.9%. We picked up 70 basis points of pricing between restructuring and funding-the-growth, 140 basis points. And, as you know, that tends to build across the year. Material prices, as you say, 130 basis points negative, which is partially underlying commodity prices and does include a little bit of Venezuela. All other, 30 basis points, and so the current year gross profit at 60%. But I think the important point to make is growth between 4% and 7%, excluding Venezuela, starting well at 5% and gross profit starting well at 110 basis points and now saying that we expect to be at the high end of the 75 to 125 [basis point] range, maybe a little bit more.
Operator: And we'll go now to Wendy Nicholson with Citi.
Wendy C. Nicholson - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi.
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Wendy.
Wendy C. Nicholson - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): That all sounds fantastic. And I don't mean to pick on maybe two tougher markets, but I'm just curious with regard to each of China and India. I know you called those out as strong volume growth markets, but it also looks like market share trends in those two countries are a little bit more challenged. So can you talk about what's going on there? Who you're maybe losing share to, and what your plans are to try to restore your market share momentum? Thanks.
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Thanks, Wendy. Yeah, I think, as Bina said, market share up nicely in Brazil; interestingly, market share up nicely in Russia. And in fact, a group of us were just in Asia, including India and China, a few weeks ago. And our share start to the year is a little bit softer than history in both cases, I guess. I know we all focus on weekly shares, but I guess just putting both in a slightly longer-term context, if you take China over the last eight years, our share has increased from about 30% to 33%, when our principal multinational competitor has declined from 24% to about 12%. And in India, if you take the same time period, our market share has increased from about 48% to the near 54% that we start the year with; and similarly, our principal multinational competitor is down from 29% to 21%. So we continue to feel very good about the progress over time we are making. In both cases  let's start with India. In both cases, the short-term share impact comes from local competitors with heightened promotional activity. That is also the case in China. In both cases, we went through the innovation and go-to-market plans that are already being adopted in India and China to take corrective action against that short-term slowdown, and we feel good about making progress over the balance of the year.
Operator: We'll go now to Steve Powers with UBS.
Stephen R. Powers - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks. Good morning. I just want to pick up on advertising, if I could, which I think was up in Asia and Latin America, but still down in your other segments, and round about flat as a percentage of sales overall in the quarter. So in that context, could you just update us on where you expect things to land for the full year at the total company level, and call out any key items that we should be cognizant of as we think about the cadence in individual operating segments over the balance of 2016? Thank you.
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, so, we were actually quite pleased with the strong advertising level we had in the first quarter. As Bina said, up meaningfully on the second half of last year and in line with a strong first quarter of 2015, obviously behind a broad and deep array of innovation that we have coming to our markets around the world starting in the first quarter, but, of course, coming for the rest of the year as well. And our current plan would see us increasing our advertising spend year-on-year, both absolutely and as a percentage to sales. That is what we said the last time we spoke and we remain in that position. It would not be a Colgate earnings call if I weren't to emphasis the point that we continue to balance this investment behind our brand health and the innovation we have with the very compelling and broad array of in-store activity that we are able to deploy. And so, in fact, our commercial investment continues to be up as well in the first quarter, which is to say the money that we are investing for in-store activity has increased, and is on top of the increased ratio of spend on traditional advertising versus the fourth quarter of last year. The other thing I would say in terms of efficiency of advertising, because we are seeing it becoming quite a meaningful component of how we go to market a lot more, and we've spent quite a lot of time showcasing this in CAGNY. For those of you that were there or have read the transcript, a lot of our consumer engagement, particularly given the changing demographics in the world, is now with digital advertising. Digital advertising is more efficient than the traditional print, television, radio, billboard type of advertising. And, interestingly, to the point in Asia, a significant part of the investment we make these days, indeed approaching 50% in the case of China, is direct engagement with the consumer through digital vehicles. I call that out simply because it is increasingly the way we engage with consumers, and it's a more effective and efficient way of doing so.
Operator: And we'll go next to Olivia Tong with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks. Now that FX seems to be turning a bit, how do you think about incremental pricing in emerging markets? Do you stick to the original plan going into the year to keep trying to recover more, because it's obviously still down a lot year-over-year or does this allow you to scale potentially back in terms of your original plans, in some cases?
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Olivia, I think  very good question. I think coming into the year, we were cognizant that while we thought foreign exchange would continue to be a headwind and, of course, it does continue to be headwind, that we would see a little bit of a shift back towards more volume-driven growth and less pricing-driven growth. And indeed, that is the way it has played out in the first quarter. And the first quarter has seen a fairly significant headwind for the average of the quarter in terms of foreign exchange, although, as you rightly say, easing as the quarter ended. So when you look at foreign exchange per se, our current planning sees a lessening of the headwind as the year unfolds, indeed a lessening of the headwind sequentially quarter-by-quarter, which is a good thing. And we will continue to take the pricing that we need to take to offset any transaction impact. But, yes, consistent with the comments we made at the beginning of the year, pricing will be less of a factor in 2016 than it was in 2015.
Operator: We'll now take a question from Ali Dibadj with Bernstein.
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Ali.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hey, how are you?
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: So first, just a clarification on the share; so how much was actually the share down in China this quarter, because it sounds like that was probably the biggest driver of your roughly 140 basis point share decline year-on-year? And then secondly, how much of your company-wide organic sales growth came from any products sold into Venezuela? I understand deconsolidation, but you said that you might still sell some product in and that might be counter to get U.S. dollars out. So is there any there? And I ask not just for top line, but also because on EPS, I mean, clearly, your dollar EPS expectations are a little bit higher for the year, which is good, and I'm trying to understand the drivers of that. Is that FX-driven? Is it fundamental-driven or is that kind of $0.10 you had talked about last quarter of an impact from Venezuela, are you getting any relief there because you're actually now pleasingly able to sell products into Venezuela that you weren't before? Thanks.
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, again, I can't resist. Thank you for the one question. First, to answer your two Venezuela questions, as clearly as one can, the answer is zero in both cases. I'm not sure there's much to add to amplify on the EPS. The EPS flat guidance that we provided is entirely driven by the spot change in foreign exchange. So the answer to those two questions, Ali, I think are that simple. Share is a more a complicated answer, and I will give you the data you request, but a few things to say. First of all, obviously, we took out Venezuela year-on-year. Secondly, without dwelling on it, foreign exchange plays a role in the aggregation of share. And thirdly, our volume shares continue to perform quite nicely. In terms of China, the short-term share impact, and we only have the first two months of the year, so it's a year-on-year comparison, is down a share point, one, down to 33% from approaching 34%. And in the case of India, it is less than that.
Operator: We'll now take a question from Bill Chappell with SunTrust.
William B. Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning.
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Bill.
William B. Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Ian, I know we've at least alluded to 60% gross margin for, jeez, a decade now, and just kind of as you look out, and I know you're not giving guidance, but is there a natural ceiling you see to gross margin over the next few years? I mean, are we getting to that point where it can only get 65%-ish is as far as it can go? I mean, how do you look at that as we go further, kind of (35:04) the next 10 years?
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, it's kind of like market share, Bill, I guess. 105%, we'd probably have to stop, but I'm glad you asked the question because it is a milestone, as we said in the release. Unfortunately, the severe foreign exchange transaction headwinds have prevented us realizing that ambition over the last several years. So, again, we feel very good about the 60%. To repeat what I said a little bit earlier, we think we will be at the high end of the 75 to 125 [basis point] range for this year, maybe a bit beyond. And you're absolutely right. Our next goal is 65%. And I suggest we revisit the conversation when we get to 65%. It is interesting as you begin to reorganize us the way we are and aggregate so much of what we do. For people who are very focused, it tends to reveal more opportunities in areas that perhaps haven't been as fully exploited for efficiency than we had before. So we retain the ambition for 65%. And I'm sure when we get to 65%, we will have more ambition.
Operator: We'll go now to Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.
Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey, good morning.
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Dara.
Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: So your pricing results in North America and Europe were down 2% and 3% year-over-year, respectively. So I was just hoping you could review what's driving the pricing pressure in the developed markets, the competitive environment you're seeing in developed markets, and also maybe some emerging markets commentary; you talked about India and China, but, beyond those markets, what you're seeing from a competitive standpoint where the pricing's been much stronger? Thanks.
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Well, Europe is not new news, Dara, and is consistent with prior year, frankly, slightly better than prior year. We have talked. Let's start with the consumer. We've talked about the category environments in the geographies around the world, where the growth of categories  I'm now talking our categories  is somewhat muted in the 0% to 2% range in the U.S. We're now sort of in the 2% to 3% range, edging towards the 3%, and, despite all of the headlines quite broadly across the emerging markets, still running mid-single digits on a local currency basis. So the marketplace promotional intensity, not tracing to any particular competitor, is as it has been in Europe. There's really nothing new there. We continue to operate very well in that environment, as Bina mentioned, with our market share progress. And I think that's very healthy. So that's the way I'd answer that. North America, there is always a component in North America, when you remember that the couponing for the trial of new products is covered in the trade spending. That is a factor in North America. And so, as we have heightened innovation activity, you will see more of the trial-generating couponing, which translates through into price. And in both cases, as the year unfolds, we are expecting that negative pricing to ameliorate somewhat. Pleasingly, of course, gross margins, in both the case of North America and Europe, were up for the quarter, and we expect them to be up for the year as well. So as we think about our marketing mix and where we make our investments, you look at the share. You look at the gross margin progress. You look at the top line progress. We think we're managing that balance in a responsible way.
Operator: We'll now take a question from Javier Escalante with Consumer Edge Research.
Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Hi. Good morning, everyone, Bina, Ian. On the volume...
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Javier.
Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Hello. How are you? On the volume rebound, particularly in Latin America, if you can help us understand more about how much is passing over the sticker shock of the price increases, or there was any either market improvement, or any change in inventory, destocking or restocking, that could have explained the rebound in volume. Thank you.
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Javier, very good question. The answer is on the inventory side, if you go back to the inventory events in China and Brazil sometime back, I think we were one of the first companies to come forward and describe what was going on in the marketplace. We have a very tight control on the distributors and the wholesalers that we use in these markets to bring inventory to the consumer. So there is, in these numbers, no destocking, refilling of inventory. These are true volume numbers in Latin America, and we feel good about that. We do think, and this is what we try to intimate on the fourth quarter, when people were a little bit concerned and probing on the negative volume in Latin America, that there would be a little bit of a lag, given the significant pricing we took in the fourth quarter, for volume to bounce back. But I think we were quite clear that we did expect 2016 to be a year where our organic would shade more to the volume than to the pricing. So that's what I think we are seeing in Latin America, and I think the market share story makes its own case in terms of the consumer consumption of our products.
Operator: And we'll go now to Bill Schmitz with Deutsche Bank.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Ian, good morning.
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Bill.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: I'm going to try and sneak in two, if I can. So the first question is do you think the worst is over in emerging markets? I know you were pretty cautious on Brazil at CAGNY. Has anything changed in that view? And then, my other question is, can you just talk about the competitive dynamics in premium pet food, especially in the U.S., because it seems like a lot of bigger multinationals now are buying some of these wholesome natural competitors and we keep hearing rumblings about increased distribution there and new product launches and things like that? So any particular thoughts you'd like to share, I'd appreciate.
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Have you got a cold?
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: I do have a little bit of a cold. Yeah. Thanks for asking. Yeah.
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Listen, to say do you think the worst is over on emerging markets is the classic famous last words statement. So I guess what I would say by way of answer is that what we continue to see in our categories is mid-single digits growth. I have to say, having just returned from Latin America and India and China, the consumer that you see on the ground, the behavior that you see on the ground, is really quite vibrant in India; and in China, is not doom and gloom, some concerns, but not the headlines that we read every day. Conversely, in Russia and Brazil, the consumer sentiment, as we have said before, is more negative. So I think the way we are thinking about it is more in terms of the consumers' consumption behavior, as we measure it in those markets, and that seems to suggest that we will be going forward with categories growing, in general terms, mid-single digits on a local currency basis. Pet food, we like the market. We have always been premium. With Prescription, obviously, we get the benefit of reversing a disease condition, with a clinically-proven product with a vet's recommendation. And, as you know, the emotional attachment pet owners have with their pets is quite extraordinary. If one comes back in life, one might want to be a pet. So and I think the offerings that we have as a company position us well in the U.S. marketplace. And, as Bina said, our business is healthy internationally, and it's also very healthy in the U.S. And I think our point of competition, as we have tried to repeat as time passes, is we now have an innovation stream on this business that we think is relevant to the consumer, and, from a pricing point of view, is seen as value.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We'll now go to John Faucher with JPMorgan.
John A. Faucher - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks. I just wanted to follow up on Bill's question a little bit more, but looking sort of at M&A strategy more broadly. You're coming out of a couple of years with a lot of macroeconomic volatility, FX; you're back to the gross margin going up again. Does this give you a little bit more confidence in the underlying business, which maybe could allow you to take a little bit greater look at your portfolio, either in terms of cleaning up some assets or potentially looking to buy, if there's anything that isn't overly expensive at this point? Thanks.
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Thanks, John. First of all, without sounding Pollyanna, I'm not sure we ever lost confidence in the underlying business. Obviously, the moves we're seeing on foreign exchange, from a dollar point of view, are more favorable, but I think I would always also say from an M&A point of view, our view also has never changed. We are very strategic in this space, as you know. We have interest in oral pet and personal. We have, obviously, a great deal of knowledge about assets that might be available around the world. And to the extent that they would go to auction or might be preemptively available, we would certainly pursue that, if we thought it would strengthen our company or strengthen our category or strengthen a particular geography. And although it's not a very visible part of what we do, we do dedicate time and resources to that space. More than that, I really can't say. In terms of divestment, the only thing I would really say, the last big thing we did, of course, was the divestment of our Australasian business, which now leaves us with virtually no laundry detergents. And that's probably the last scale divestment we have done and probably would be doing.
John A. Faucher - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay.
Operator: We'll now go to Caroline Levy with CLSA.
Caroline Levy - CLSA Americas LLC: Good morning. Thanks a lot. Hey, I know China is not an enormous market relative to everything else you do, but I did want to go back to that. Just to ask about  we're definitely picking up increased promotional activity from local competitors. Also, it sounds like maybe their innovation capability is improving. Ian, could you talk about whether being such a big online market  I know it's not a big percentage of your sales now, but in many other categories online is growing like crazy  is this making a pricing environment that's more difficult? Is it leading to more local competition gaining share? And did you actually lose share on the Darlie brand or was that all on the Colgate brand?
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: It was a little bit of both in terms of the share loss. It has nothing to do with digital, although I will come back to digital. It is the plethora of local brands, which tends to be more brick-and-mortar activity with promoters in-store, who essentially rugby-tackle you when you walk into the store in order to persuade you. I would say it's not particularly innovation-driven for the plethora of local brands. There is one local competitor, Unimbyall (48:26) that does a good job at a premium price point. We've made the point before that we have innovation and R&D capability on the ground. We have just moved to the marketplace with a new natural line, which is very tailored to the Chinese consumer. We have advertising that is very different to the advertising that we use around the world, in terms of engaging with the Chinese consumer. Now, coming back to the Internet, we see this as an enormous opportunity in China. You're right, it is a relatively low percentage of sales in the categories in which we do business. Our business has been booming over the last three years. We have been growing market share, but we spent a lot of time when we were in Asia, particularly in China, addressing this topic and we see Internet  you think of the Tencent's and the Alibaba's, we see Internet as a very rich area for future growth in China for us. But that is separate and apart from the sort of brick-and-mortar price promotion of the plethora of cheapy brands.
Caroline Levy - CLSA Americas LLC: Thank you.
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: We'll now take our next question from Erin Lash with Morningstar.
Erin Lash - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Thank you for taking my question. I was hoping you could provide a little bit more detail regarding Brazil. Obviously, your share gains in the quarter were quite pronounced. We've heard from a lot of other consumer product companies that the competitive and macro landscape is extremely challenging and you are obviously able to withstand those challenges. So any additional details you can provide in how you've been operating and continue to operate so well in that market would be greatly appreciated. Thank you.
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Erin. Yeah, Latin America is a very changeable economic arena in our world. And you can go back to the 1980s, and have seen many companies be hurt by economic events and perhaps reduce focus on Latin America, or even withdraw from Latin America. We, at that time, stayed. And we learned how to operate in these volatile environments. And frankly, a lot of it starts with pricing to make sure you have a margin that allows you to invest to grow a brand. I think if you come to Brazil, the position we have with a 74% share in toothpaste, leadership share in toothbrushes, and jockeying for leadership in mouth rinse, Colgate is an enormously well-trusted brand in Brazil. And we bring significant innovation to the Brazilian marketplace; interestingly, innovation that is not necessarily cheap, but which the consumer sees value in. We're also very disciplined in terms of our go-to-market. To the question asked earlier, we make sure that we bring to the marketplace the volume of product that the consumer is purchasing, so we don't create an inventory dislocation that you then have to unwind. So the combination of all of that has seen the share grow, and, indeed, quite pleasingly, volume grow as well.
Erin Lash - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Thank you.
Operator: We'll now take a question from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning.
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Lauren.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey. Just talk a little bit about, actually, with the competitive pricing environment, particularly in emerging markets, I was wondering if as you're looking out over the next couple of quarters and recognizing there will soon be some local inflation that you'll be trying to price and stop as you can, do you get the sense that any of your competitors are perhaps a bit more price-constrained; they sort of price to a prior peak of inflation, so there'd be sort of different dynamics in how you're approaching pricing in the next couple of quarters versus some of your competitors?
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I guess our experience on pricing in the categories where we lead pricing is that sometimes we see a lead lag between the competitor taking pricing, be they international or local, remembering a lot of raw materials are dollar dominated, so whether you're multinational or local, you're going to get the impact eventually, but then, what you see is over time, the pricing in the marketplace move up. So I would say the general experience is you have to be a little bit patient sometimes, but eventually, the patience sees the market rise. There is certainly in those markets no retailer resistance, because they understand the concept of translation-driven inflation very well, to the transaction inflation very well. To the extent the transaction is not as significant as it has been in 2015, as I said earlier, our expectation is that we will be taking lesser pricing this year than last, but over half of the pricing we came into 2016 with was rollover pricing, even excluding Venezuela. So I would say that's the way to profile it. Interestingly, if you focus your innovation on bringing benefits, think of whitening as we have done, you can actually charge a meaningful premium price in a category, lift the category and bring the consumer with you. And obviously, I think it's the duty of marketing companies to find those consumer needs that you can really deliver against at a price point wherein they see value.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thanks so much.
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Lauren.
Operator: And we'll take our last question from Mark Astrachan with Stifel.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yeah. Thanks. And morning, everybody.
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Mark.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Two quick sort of related questions to one another and I think they pertain to Venezuela, so I'm hoping you'll give some direction on that. How much, or how should we think about the impact, probably is the better way to phrase it, from Venezuela deconsolidation in gross margin? And then, the other sort of related question from an interest expense net standpoint, is the biggest delta relative to last year the amount of cash that you're not accounting for in Venezuela any more of the interest being earned on that or is it somewhere else? But I guess sort of the net-net is interest expense then first quarter trend through the year more realistic than what the rate was last year?
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So to take your first question, I think the way we should think about it is that our gross margin will expand this year at the upper end of our 75 to 125 basis point range and that is excluding Venezuela, as you well know. And indeed, it may be slightly higher than that level. As I think we demonstrated in the first quarter, our gross margin expansion is broader than Latin America, and we expect that to be the case going forward. And that's the way we should think about it. We should also come back to the top line and repeat that without Venezuela, we are still saying we expect our top line to increase in that 4% to 7% range excluding Venezuela, and 5% was a good start. When you turn to interest income and the recording of that, I guess what we're looking at here is that the interest income will be down, but net-net, the range of interest we will be paying will be in the $30 million to $35 million a quarter range, which is up on prior year. Okay. I take silence to mean we have reached a conclusion, Jessica.
Operator: That is correct.
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Well, thanks. Thanks for joining the call. Thank you for your questions. Thank you for your interest. And thank you to all the Colgate people that make this happen. And we look forward to updating you on our second quarter progress later in the year.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-01-29 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Bina Thompson - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Ian Cook - Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Dara Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley Wendy Nicholson - Citi Research Steve Powers - UBS Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Jason English - Goldman Sachs Ali Dibadj - Bernstein Joe Altobello - Raymond James Caroline Levy - CLSA Bill Chappell - SunTrust Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research John Faucher - JP Morgan
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to todays Colgate-Palmolive Company's Fourth Quarter Full Year 2015 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgatepalmolive.com. Todays conference call will include forward-looking statements. These statements are made on the basis of the companys views and assumptions as of this time and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual events or results may differ materially from these statements. For information about certain factors that could cause such differences, investors should consult the companys reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on Colgates website, including the information set forth under the captions Risk Factors and Cautionary Statements on Forward-looking Statements. This conference call will also include a discussion of non-GAAP financial measures, which differ from the companys results prepared in accordance with GAAP. Colgate will discuss organic sales growth, which is net sales growth excluding foreign exchange, acquisitions and divestitures. The company will also discuss gross profit, gross profit margin, SG&A, SG&A as a percent of net sales, operating profit, operating profit margin, net income and earnings per share on a diluted basis excluding the impact of the items described in the press release. A full reconciliation of the corresponding GAAP measures is included in the press release and is posted in the For Investors section of Colgates website at www.colgatepalmolive.com. Just a reminder, there may be a slight delay before the question-and-answer session begins due to the web simulcast. Now for opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to the Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Bina Thompson. Please go ahead, Bina.
Bina Thompson: Thank you, Chanel. And good morning, everybody, and welcome to our fourth quarter 2015 earnings release conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, Chairman, President and CEO; Dennis Hickey, CFO; Victoria Dolan, Corporate Controller; and Elaine Paik, Treasurer. Were delighted to have finished 2015 with continued strong organic sales growth in the froth quarter. The 5% growth was well within our targeted growth rate of 4% to 7% and is impressive coming on top of strong growth in the year-ago quarter. Our gross profit margin was up 20 basis points despite continued pressures from foreign exchange related transaction costs. And although down on a year-over-year basis, our advertising as a percentage of sales was up sequentially from the third quarter. As you will hear in more details as I go through the divisions, our market share around the world are growing. Innovation has played an important role and will continue to do so as we enter 2016. Our global growth and efficiency program is on track and our ongoing funding-the-growth initiatives continue to deliver substantial savings. Our balance sheet is strong and working capital is under very good control. And as you read in this mornings press release, we have taken the decision effective December 31, 2015 to change our accounting method for our Venezuelan operations. And as a result, in future periods, we will no longer include the results of our Venezuelan operations in our consolidated financial statement. As we stated in the press release, we expect the EPS impact in 2016 resulting from the change in accounting for our Venezuelan operation will be about a negative of $0.10 for the full year. And wed expect this impact to be negative $0.02 to $0.03 per quarter. So lets turn to the divisions, first with North America. Were pleased with the continued solid organic sales growth in this region. And as mentioned in the press release, our market shares increased year-to-date in toothpaste, manual toothbrushes, mouthwash, liquid hand soap, body wash, liquid cleaners and fabric conditioners. And as youd expect, innovation was an important contributor to these excellent results. In the third quarter of 2015, we launched Colgate Total Daily Repair toothpaste. This toothpaste remineralizes weakened enamel to help prevent cavities and maintain stronger teeth, as well as kills bacteria that cause gingivitis for healthier gums. In addition, we engaged in a targeted outreach to consumers with diabetes. People with diabetes are two times more likely to develop gum disease. We reached both dentists and consumers and developed retail partnerships. And as a result, our overall market share for Colgate Total toothpaste grew to 10.3% from 10% at the beginning of 2015. Our Colgate Optic White toothpaste franchise is growing as well, up to 5.7% at our last period of 2015, thanks to the launch of Colgate Optic White Platinum Express White. With the help of a comprehensive IMC plan, support from dental professionals and strong in-store activities, Colgate Enamel Health toothpaste has grown share as well. And toothpaste innovation will continue in the first quarter. Building on the success of our whitening franchise, were launching Colgate Optic White Platinum High Impact [ph] White which provides four shades visibly whiter teeth in six weeks and starts working in just three days. Also, were introducing premium-priced Colgate Enamel Health Mineral Repair toothpaste with an accompanying mouthwash and whitening toothbrush. The toothbrush and mouthwash help replenish natural calcium for stronger enamel. To bolster our toothbrush business, were launching Colgate Kids Interactive, the only talking-powered toothbrush featuring kids favorite licensed characters which coach you to better brushing. The brush features a two-minute timer to help ensure effective brushing. Also in the first quarter, Toms of Maine is launching Toms Natural Rapid Release Sensitive toothpaste with a clinically proven arginine and calcium carbonate formula to provide rapid release and long-lasting protection. With no artificial dyes, sweeteners or preservatives, it will be premium-priced. Our liquid hand soap share was up 90 basis points year-to-date. And our year-to-date body wash share increased 80 basis points. More innovation in this quarter should help maintain this healthy momentum. In liquid hand soap, were launching Softsoap Foaming Hand Soap for kids that makes handwashing fun, as well as Softsoap Pure Foaming Hand Soap with a simple formula that is dye-free, alcohol-free, has 100% natural fragrance, yet effectively cleans and purifies. And in body wash, were launching Softsoap Luminous Oils, one variant with avocado oil and iris and the other with macadamia oil and peony, designed to leave skin feeling soft. Turning then to Europe, South Pacific. Were delighted with the return to positive organic sales growth in this region. Across Europe, our market shares increased - toothpaste, toothbrushes, body wash, underarm and fabric conditioner. In the toothpaste category, weve seen strong results. In France, our market share is up 80 basis points year-to-date to 22.4%. In Poland, we grew share 160 basis points to 47.6% year-to-date. And in Italy, we increased share 30 basis points to 24.6% year-to-date. Similarly, in manual toothbrushes, our market shares increased year-to-date. Overall in the region, our market shares are up 120 basis points to 24.7% year-to-date with excellent results in areas such as the UK, which is up 340 basis points to 39.3%; Germany, which is up a full point to 21%; and Italy, which is up 60 basis points to 16.4%. And as in the U.S., our innovation grid for the first quarter in Europe is very full. In the toothpaste category, were introducing Colgate Total Deep Clean, which features high cleaning prophy-silica, the same ingredient dentists use for in-office cleaning. The product provides a deep-cleaning user experience and is unique among the current variants in the Colgate Total portfolio. In addition, were restaging the Colgate Total toothpaste premium line with a new design that better communicates higher quality, healthier and scientific and therapeutic benefits. New icons visually convey the variant benefits, enhancing differentiation, relevance and shopability. In the toothbrush category, were launching Colgate 360 Expert White Toothbrush Plus Pen, the toothbrush and whitening pen that has helped increase market shares here in the U.S. under the Colgate Optic White name. And in personal care, were relaunching Palmolive Gourmet shower gels with high-density creamy formulas and a new packaging technology that provides a premium look with high quality satin finishing and very strong shelf impact. Vanilla pleasure, chocolate passion, peach delight and strawberry touch will enchant consumers at point of sale. Also in personal care is the Palmolive SKIN GARDEN line, a premium offering with a regimen approach. The shower gel, bath foam, liquid hand soap, bar soap and body lotion contain irresistible fragrances, natural ingredients rooted in the garden such as violet and honey, peony, pear and Mirabelle plums, sensorial [ph] and vivid textures and cutting-edge packaging, all reinforcing the Palmolive regimen. And as we told you last quarter, our Sanex business is performing well and we have new news to report here as well. Our line of Sanex Advanced shower oils is bringing the shower oil trend from pharmacy to mass. The shower oils provide a feeling of comfort in the shower and are formulated to minimize the risk of irritation. These are even suitable for children, a new consumer target. Also inspired by the pharmacy channel are our new Sanex Advanced body bombs [ph] in a new stand-up tube format with a thicker, richer formula and premium pricing. Sanex Manual will also be launched, which is the first mask [ph] personal care range truly focused on mens skin health. As you know, we have a very strong market-leading homecare business in this region. And an exciting innovation in this category is a line of Ajax specialty sprays which facilitate difficult everyday tasks in the kitchen. Priced at a premium, individual variants tackle different surfaces - the oven and microwave, MicroCeramic and stainless steel. So turning then to Latin America. Despite some macroeconomic challenges in certain countries such as Brazil and Venezuela, the division delivered solid organic sales growth. Severe devaluations across the region have necessitated fairly significant price increases. But despite that, our regional market shares are solid and increase year-to-date in toothpaste, manual toothbrushes, mouthwash, toilet soaps, shampoos and liquid cleaners. In Brazil, our toothpaste market share continues to climb up 100 basis points year-to-date to 72.4% with the most recent lead at 73.4%. Innovations across our portfolio have contributed to this success. In Mexico, despite continued competitive pressure, our market share is up 120 basis points to 80.8%. One of our newest innovations, Colgate Maximum Cavity Protection with Neutrazucar increased 70 basis points and is now almost at 2 points. Our market-leading manual toothbrush share is up 350 basis points year-to-date across the region. This excellent performance has been driven by innovation in the Super Premium category with products such as Colgate Slim Soft and Colgate 360. In toilet soaps, we increased our leadership share 40 basis points to 30.9% year-to-date. Protex and Palmolive continue to hold the number one and number two positions in the region. And we achieved record shares in Mexico, Colombia and Guatemala. More innovation is planned for this year. In oral care whitening category, we have three exciting launches. In toothpaste, were launching Colgate Luminous White Advanced Expert, which delivers three shades whither teeth; A companion Colgate Luminous White mouthwash with an alcohol, free zinc and anti-tartar salts formula that helps deliver an anti-stain white smile; and Colgate Luminous White Advanced toothbrush and whitening pen with a claim to provide whiter teeth in two days will both be launched later this year. In mouthwash, a graphics relaunch of Colgate Plax 2-in-1 mouthwash clearly explains the benefits, see the [ph] removed bacteria for a fresh and clean mouth and to drive growth for the category. In personal care, under the Protex name, were launching a range of bar soaps, shower gel and liquid hand soaps. Protex Pro Hydrate, developed from the consumer insight that to have healthy and moisturized skin is necessary to deeply clean skin before moisturizing, this innovation has a formula that eliminates 99.9% of bacteria and has a macadamia oil complex that glides over your skin for a soft sensation. A similar range under the Palmolive equity will be Palmolive almond and omega oil with a nourishing formula. In underarm, a relaunch of premium-priced Lady Speed Stick Clinical and Speed Stick Clinical will provide the benefits of superior sweat protection, neutralizing the source of bad odor, hypoallergenic, anti-stain technology and advanced skin care. Turning then to Asia. While organic sales growth was somewhat muted in this region in the fourth quarter, were pleased that volume increased in our largest businesses - Greater China and India. And this, despite some overall slowing in category growth rates. And as elsewhere, innovation has helped drive growth. In India, our toothpaste share is up to 54.7% year-to-date. Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief Repair and Prevent and a relaunch of the rest of our sensitivity line have met with success. In addition, Colgate Total Charcoal with a unique antibacterial formula which reduces bacteria on 100% of your mouths surfaces has added market share. Elsewhere in the region, our toothpaste shares were a little soft on a year-to-date basis but market shares for the fourth quarter increased versus fourth quarter 2014 in China, Thailand, The Philippines, Singapore, Taiwan and Pakistan. Our year-to-date toothbrush shares are also up in India, The Philippines, Malaysia, Taiwan, Hong Kong and Pakistan. A particular success has been Colgate Slim Soft Charcoal Gold toothbrush with less than 0.01 millimeter charcoal gold slim tip antibacterial bristles for deep, gentle cleaning. In the most recent period, it achieved 2.1, 3.6 and 2.2 share points respectively in Malaysia, Hong Kong and Singapore. In the fourth quarter in Hong Kong, we launched our Colgate Optic White toothbrush and whitening pen and it has a 6.4% share in the latest read. Our mouthwash business is strong. Across the region, our market share is up to 25.7% year-to-date, up 70 basis points year-on-year with the most recent lead at 26.5%. And we have some exciting innovation launching this quarter. In China, where natural ingredients resonate very strongly with the consumer, we will be introducing Colgate Naturals toothpaste. There are five variants - tea tree oil gum care, lemon zesty radiating white, jasmine and chamomile healthy refreshing, lotus jade green soothing gum and seaweed salt pure white. The packaging visually communicates the different ingredients. And we have a number of new products in the toothbrush category. Colgate Slim Soft Sensitive, a silky soft brush for sensitive teeth and gums; Colgate Super Flexi Black, with a flexible neck and improved handle; and a line of mid-tier brushes for kids with tapered bristles. To maintain our momentum in mouthwash, were launching in China Colgate Plax Extreme Icy Mint mouthwash, which delivers long-lasting prevention of bad breath with dual mint essence as well as an antibacterial protection. Then going to Africa, Eurasia. As you know, currency headwinds in this part of the world have necessitated some significant pricing in countries such as Russia, but market shares are solid and growing. Our year-to-date regional toothpaste market share is at 33.2%, up a full point from a year-ago period. In Russia, our share is up 260 basis points year-to-date to 34.5%, reaching a record-high of 35.2% in the most recent period. In South Africa, our market share is up 80 basis points year-to-date to 49.6%. And our recent launch of Colgate Maximum Cavity Protection with Sugar Acid Neutralizer in both these countries has contributed to these strong results. In manual toothbrushes, our market shares are up in many countries across the region. In Russia, our year-to-date share is up 260 basis points to 48.4%. Excellent in-store execution has played an important role in these results. In Israel, two new products, Colgate Extra Clean and Colgate Slim Soft, helped increase our year-to-date share by 300 basis points to 51.2% with the most recent share read at a record 55.6%. Our bar soap business is strong as well, up 80 basis points to 21.7% on a year-to-date basis. And in South Africa, the Protex brand is helping grow the business and our market share is up 20 basis points on a year-to-date basis. In Russia, Palmolive is leading growth driven by promotional support as well as strong in-store execution. Our year-to-date share is up 50 basis points. And we have some exciting innovations for this part of the world as well. This quarter, we will be launching Colgate Total Pro Breath Health [ph] toothpaste across the division. The differentiated packaging with icons on the pack clearly explains the benefits, which include a unique breath-freshening technology, ON12 [ph] complex. Another toothpaste launch will be the Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief Repair and Prevent line extension. This premium-priced toothpaste repairs the cause of sensitivity and prevents further sensitivity from gum recession. And an innovation for the Russian market is Colgate Altai Herbs Ginseng, with an exclusive blend of Altai herbs and ginseng. In the personal care category, we are relaunching our existing line of Palmolive Aroma Sensations body washes and adding two new variants, Feel Good and So Dynamic. Finally, with Hills. Hills finished the year with a strong quarter, both here and abroad. All three brands - Prescription Diet, Science Diet and Ideal Balance - are doing well. In fact, Hills Prescription Diet or flagship line of therapeutic pet foods became a $1 billion brand in 2015. In the U.S., superstore retail consumption is growing in both PetSmart and Petco, which contributed to our solid results. In Europe, our Ideal Balance line is now fully rolled out across all key countries and doing well. Were seeing a steady build of distribution and volume. Our integrated marketing campaign is focusing on trial and repurchase. And were very excited about our upcoming innovation. Just launched at the North American Vet Conference is Prescription Diet Derm Defense for dogs. This diet is the first and only nutrition formulated to reduce signs of environmental allergies by helping to disrupt the internal allergy response and create a barrier against future episodes in dogs. Its available in dry and delicious new [ph] forms and of course will be supported by a full IMC campaign to engage the increasingly millennial vet population. Hills will also be entering the wearables space. Hills has formed a strategic alliance with AGL to advance veterinary healthcare with the development of a wearable sensor for dogs that is sophisticated enough to distinguish the acts of scratching and shaking from running. Coupled with a robust data and analytics platform, its designed to more quickly alert veterinarians and pet owners to potential health concerns as part of an ongoing monitoring program. It will be recommended for dogs that need to be regularly monitored, including those with dermatological conditions, arthritis, or obesity. New news in the wellness category is premium-priced Hills Science Diet healthy cuisine for dogs and cats, which uses our new Algenec [ph] technology to deliver superior-looking, tasty wet food. The new formulas are loaded with tasty morsels, tender vegetables and savory sauce. So before I wrap up quickly, I want to cover two more housekeeping items relative to your models. Net interest in 2016 should be between $30 million and $45 million to quarter with a loss of interest income in Venezuela. Average diluted common shares outstanding were 896.5 million for the three months ended December 31, 2015. Because we had a GAAP loss in the fourth quarter of 2015 due to the one-time charge with Venezuela, this number excludes 6.6 million of net incremental common shares outstanding assumed issued from the exercises in the money stock options as theyre anti-dilutive. Wed expect the 6.6 million shares to be included in diluted common shares outstanding in the first quarter of 2016 as they should not be anti-dilutive in this period. So in summary, were extremely pleased with the way that we finished the year. Organic sales growth was strong around the world, our gross margin increased and our market shares are healthy. Colgate people around the world are all focused on our strategies and priorities, thereby delivering these consistent strong results. Our global growth and efficiency program is on track and these are ongoing funding-the-growth programs. Our innovation pipeline is full and were excited about the many products and initiatives we just told you about. So we expect this momentum to continue into 2016 and look forward to sharing our progress with you as we go throughout the year. So, Chanel, thats the end of my prepared remarks. I should like to turn it over now to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. Todays question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically for the telephone audience. [Operator Instructions] And well take our first question from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.
Dara Mohsenian: Hey, good morning. So, Ian, you had very strong pricing in the quarter both at the corporate level and in Latin America but the volume reaction looked more severe than what weve seen traditionally in your business, particularly in Latin America. So I was hoping you could just discuss consumer demand elasticity in this current macroenvironment if youre seeing any different behavior versus past with the macro slowdown were seeing in Latin America and then how that may impact your desire to take additional pricing going forward to offset incremental FX pressure. And then thats at the consumer level, but at the competitor level, what are you generally seeing from your competitors? Are they following and can you characterize the competitive environment that youre seeing? Thanks
Ian Cook: Yes, thanks, Dara. And before I jump in, let me just take this belated opportunity to wish everyone on the call a happy, healthy and safe 2016 in this volatile world. And when we turn to that volatile world, were actually very pleased with the results in 2015, as Bina said, with consistent 5% organic top line growth in the quarter and in the year and with our gross margin building from the second quarter to 59% in the fourth quarter, which is the highest in two years in that environment which positions us well to see margin expansion in 2016. And Ill come back to that when we no doubt talk about margin. But turning to how we think about the business in the environment everybody is operating in, first of all, we seek to have clarity and consistency of strategy. And we have that for the last decade with a simple and focused strategy that starts with consumers and ends with the leadership development in the company to deliver our products to those consumers. Then you have the balance between the consistency of the results by quarter and our ambition of the longer-term which are captured in the global growth and efficiency program in terms of building the organization we want for the future. And then, of course, the decisions we make on the ground and the agility thats required to deal with events as they unfold. Now, if you look at Latin America to this specific question, obviously, the foreign exchange headwind there as it was in Africa, Eurasia, was the most severe we experienced in our world for 2015. And when we think about the consumers, we think about the brands and the health of our brands and the development of the market share of our brand. But obviously, we need to be focused on rebuilding the margin which is the fulcrum for investment in a business. So in both those divisions, we took conscious decision to take pricing to help recover gross margin and suffered the volume decline you see. We feel, however, very comfortable because of the performance of our market shares whether you look at the value market share and local currency as Bina talked specifically to Brazil or whether you look at the volume market shares in that region, theyre up. So the consumer is staying with us and the consumer is staying with us across the portfolio of brands that we have. And as we think forward into 2016 now, I guess a couple of things to say. And it relates to the gross margin. First of all, the enormous translation headwind we faced in 2015 will still be there in 2016, but it will be at a lesser level. Second, the general commodity pricing environment year-on-year will be flat to modestly down. Third, we have our funding the growth program which we talk about every call, which we expect to build the same way it has done for the last several years. We have the global growth and efficiency program. And on top of that, we have pricing. But we have less pricing in 2016 than we had in 2015. And half of that pricing without Venezuela is still rollover pricing into 2016. So our planning expectation is that we will see the balance between volume and pricing move back a little bit more to volume and less to pricing. And that will include Latin America and we expect our market shares to continue to grow. So the consumer behavior hasnt changed. We havent seen down trading. And were confident about the reversal back to volume more and price less in 2016 for Latin America and the overall business.
Operator: And well take our next question from Wendy Nicholson with Citi Research.
Wendy Nicholson: Hi. Can I just follow-up on that last one just in terms of the outlook maybe in the near-term to manage expectations? I know the comps in Latin America on the volume, so either really tough in the first half of 16. So do you think were going to see negative volume growth maybe for the next quarter or two, potentially even worse than we just saw in the fourth quarter in Latin America? But then broadly, I also wanted to ask more strategically, Asia, the slowdown in category growth that youre seeing there, it surprises me that were seeing a slowdown in category growth given the very low per capita consumption levels. I get in Latin America, but not so much in Asia. So can you talk about Asia, specifically China and India? I think you called out - do you think theres something more structural there? Do you think that its going to take a longer time? Do you really think its an economic factor thats leading to the slowdown of the growth? If you could talk about that, that would be great. Thanks.
Ian Cook: Yes. I think in Latin America, the expectation is to see - not to see the kind of volume negative that we had in the fourth quarter as we set our way into 2016. Obviously, it will build across the year. But no, we dont expect to repeat of that level. When you turn to Asia, and if you look at the emerging markets in general, the local currency growth rates in category is still mid-single digits, maybe slightly off that in the fourth quarter. We havent seen anything dramatic in terms of a change in behavior thus far. Were obviously very focused on that, Wendy, as you would suppose we would be. And pleasingly, I can report that the market shares in China and India has been mentioned with India, are both out nicely in 2015. So we stay close to it. Right now, we continue to see cash agreements growing around mid-single digits in local currency terms.
Operator: And well take our next question from Steve Powers with UBS.
Steve Powers: Great. Thanks. Just one more on the volume if I could just to clean it up. Ian, can you just talk away to the volume softness that youve seen in response to pricing has been at all more pronounced on the personal and home care side of things versus oral care or if its about equal? And then a few months ago youd indicated that you saw traditional advertising ratios would be up again as a percentage of sales in 2016. And as weve talked about, good deal has changed, since then the macroenvironment, so Im just curious if thats still your expectation in terms of whats embedded in your outlook, the Super bowl ad notwithstanding. Thanks.
Ian Cook: The answer to your first question on volume is no, not really. It has more to do with the short-term slowdown in relation to the level of increase in pricing you take regardless of which category youre taking pricing in. On the advertising side, I wont repeat too much of an old story. But I would say, back to this notion of marketing mix, when we think about advertising, we think about everything from educating kids in schools to get dental professionals and veterinary professionals to make a recommendation before the consumer has even purchased a product, to engaging with consumers to the various different media that we can avail ourselves of increasingly digital, but also the so called traditional media and then of course a strong belief in making that engagement carry through to the retail level where we think that expenditure can build a brand health and value as well. But as we said on the last call, we expected as we got into our budgeting process that our innovation flow would be such that we would expect to see coming into 2016, an increase in the traditional advertising while still using the in-store lever as well. And indeed, as you might imagine, given richness of innovation that Bina went through in her prepared remarks, that is exactly where we have ended up with our plan. And so I can say that our advertising, the traditional advertising, for 2016 is up both on an absolute basis and of course on a ratio basis as well given that strength of innovation.
Operator: And lets go to our next question from Bill Schmitz with Deutsche Bank.
Bill Schmitz: Hi, good morning.
Ian Cook: Hey, Bill.
Bill Schmitz: Hey, a couple of things. How do you define strong organic growth? Because Im trying to figure out how that sort of plays out relative to Venezuela. So can you tell us how much Venezuela contributed to organic growth now that kind of the cats out of the bag on the earnings side? And then sort of how you think organic growth is going to play out next year?
Ian Cook: Yes. Well, let me just say, Bill, in response to your question, when you say how do you define strong organic growth, I think we would say in the environment wherein the range we had 4% to 7% bookends strong organic growth and 5% for 2015 in that regard is therefore strong. And the way were thinking about 2016 without Venezuela is exactly the same way which is to say our target for organic growth is to grow in that 4% to 7% range without Venezuela. And I can report that I have to say from a top line point of view, the year is off to a bright start.
Operator: And well take our next question from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: Hey, good morning, folks.
Ian Cook: Hey, Jason.
Jason English: Thank you for the question and happy New Year to you as well. I want to come back on Venezuela real quick just to make sure we understand the math. I think in the last Q, you filed that you listed around 4% of sales, 2% of EBIT, clearly more UPS with interest income that you talked about. But on the EBIT side, the math I know on very rounding numbers suggest that removal of Venezuela is going to be about a 50 basis point contribution of EBIT margins. Is that sort of directionally right? And if so, can you comment sort of bigger picture on how you are thinking about margins overall next year both with and without that tailwind?
Ian Cook: Yes. Well, we dont tend to talk about EBIT margin, Jason, so let me turn to gross margin which as you know we regard as the fulcrum of everything. So as I said, gross margin, up 20 bps to 59 in the fourth quarter. And perhaps I should take the opportunity now before Lauren comes on and chides me of going through the row fort for that fourth quarter gross profit. So if you go to the gross profit in the prior year, was 58.8. Pricing, our strongest showing for the year, up 1.6 percentage points, so positive 1.6 points. Restructuring and funding the growth, 290 basis points, positive 2.9. Material prices, 420 negative, of which 240 was transaction, modest negative with all other and you get to the 59. Now, as we roll that forward to 2016 and the plans we have, we feel good about our ability to meaningfully increase gross margin in 2016. And we would say that we expect to have gross margin expansion in 2016 to be in that 75 to 125 range. Part of the reason, as I said earlier, is the less aggressive foreign headwind. But as I also said earlier, we have pricing less, but half of it rollover, we have funding the growth which you know very well. We have the global growth and efficiency program. And we expect to see that gross margin expansion begin in the first quarter of 2016.
Operator: And well take our next question from Ali Dibadj with Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj: Hi guys.
Ian Cook: Hi Ali.
Ali Dibadj: I wanted to drill down on two things. One is SG&A and then just a broader question on SKU proliferation. First on SG&A, I know weve talked a lot about ad spend, you know, it is the seventh quarter in a row were seeing ad spend as the percentage sales go down. But your point earlier, your shares arent moving as you confirm both volume and value. It doesnt like its moving. So how much more of a shift do you think you can do from ad spend to in-store? And kind of what are you watching just to make sure you dont go into the olden days fear of just hurting the brand and it becomes a risk from that perspective? So kind of what are you watching? How much more you can go? And on non-advertising, ex-advertising SG&A, I thought we would see more benefit because of the hubbing and the restructuring and everything that we talked about there. Why are we not seeing there? So thats the SG&A question. And then on the SKU proliferation or innovation question, how do you guys - so every quarter we hear really interesting things, being briefly out of breath describing them at the start of every quarter. How do you guys deal with SKU proliferation? Is there a very clear discipline of put one in, take on out? Or how do you deal with that? And if you give us a sense of your number of skews you guys sell over the years and how much thats gone up, its just something that struck me listening that again. Thanks.
Ian Cook: Yes, yes. Well, thanks to your one question as usual. But lets turn to the advertising. And I mentioned in the introductory comments the word of balance. And you and I had this conversation on the last call. We dont view this as either/or, we view this as what do we need to do to create the trial and repeat of our brands, build health over time and ultimately build market share with more consumers using our products. And I wasnt quite sure what you meant when you said your market share is not moving. It is moving and its moving up. And Bina went through some of those examples. And when we think about advertising, we think about, as I said earlier, marketing mix from the school room to the dental office, to the store and all of the other media through which you can reach people including digital, including television, including magazine and advertising and the like, even billboards in Africa. And we think about that balance all the time to make sure that our brand health doesnt weaken over time. And I said that the advertising would be up absolutely and as a percent to sales in 2016. And we have quite a list of measures that we look at from trial to repeat to various brand health measures which we prac over time so that we dont get to a point where you start to, shall we say, take more out of a brand than you are putting back into a brand. And thats back to that word, balance. We think weve kept the right balance in 2015. When we go into 2016 with the portfolio and the brand objectives that we have for 2016, were taking up the traditional. We will continue to use the in-store as part of our marketing mix and we will monitor very, very closely the trial and repeat measures we have in terms of the new innovation and the brand health measures that we have in terms of the brands Colgate, Sonic, et cetera, that we have around the world, because were a marketing company. And thats what we do. So I think you can be reassured that its not one or the other. Were not trying to push from one to the other. Were just trying to register the point that we have to think about the mix of all of the engagement points we have with consumers. And as I said before, you have a 74 share in Brazil. Thats how much of the shelf you have. You can have an enormous impact with the consumer in the store. Your SKU proliferation point of view is spot on. It is always a risk that you end up in the hunt for innovation of this risk of over proliferating. I cant say that we have a strict one in, one out policy. That would not be correct. I can say that as a company measure, from the top of the house, we monitor our SKUs by division, by business and overall as a company. And thankfully, our SKU count has been coming down. And now, within that, you have cycles when youre replacing and youve got a double count. But its something we watch really at the top of the house. And its a central part of our simplification initiatives because it touches everything, the factory, the inventory, you could imagine all of the touch points. So its a fair question. I dont think were at risk of over proliferating with the innovation we have because we have a discipline to bring the overall numbers down year upon year.
Operator: And well take our next question from Joe Altobello with Raymond James.
Joe Altobello: Thank you. Good morning. Hey guys. I guess I just want to go back to gross margin for a second and the 75 to 125 bps expansion outlook for this year. That seems to be your evergreen target. And I was looking at my model and if its right, you guys havent done that since 2009. So its been a while and I understand theres been a lot of external factors that have kind of crept up here. But how much confidence do you have in that? And I guess how do we think about raw materials ex the transactional impact of currency in that? And how do we think about the exclusion of Venezuela in terms of the dynamics of that gross margin expansion? Thanks.
Ian Cook: Yes. Well, how you think about it - I mean first of all, there is no one more keenly aware of our gross margin plateaus than us, number one. Number two, when we think about it, again, as I mentioned a little bit earlier, from that transaction point of view, although foreign exchange continues to be a negative, it is less of a negative than what we endured in 2015. Now, of course, that improvement builds over the year, but still overall it is less negative. As I also mentioned earlier, underlying commodity cost with [indiscernible] even at 35, are basically flat to modestly down. Thats favorable. Third, we have the funding, the growth program that we have had every year and we track through quarter by quarter. And you will see the history and you now know the history for 2015. And thats our goal and objective for 2016. And as I said, we have pricing lesser than last year, of which 50% is rollover. Now, Venezuela clearly adds benefit to gross margin. But I would say that we definitely feel that 2016 is the year we need to raise our gross margin and the proof will be in the pudding when we talk next at the end of the first quarter. Everything that we know we feel confident about that.
Operator: And well take our next question from Caroline Levy with CLSA.
Caroline Levy: Thank you so much. Hi, Bina and Ian. Ian, just a more commentary if you wouldnt mind walking around a couple of big markets - China, Brazil, Mexico, Russia - just the state of the consumer. I mean from where we sit sometimes, things can sound really dire. But what are you hearing from your country leaders and people on the ground about the consumer sentiment? And is it significantly worse in any one of those areas than in another?
Ian Cook: Well, it is difficult to find anybody with anything optimistic to say about much of anything these days. Without being overly general, I would say that the underlying consumer sentiment and behavior in China and India is okay. I would say that the underlying consumer sentiment in Mexico is okay. I would say that the underlying consumer sentiment in Russia is not great. And that would be English understatement. And I would say in Brazil, the underlying sentiment in Brazil is not great. And we have said before that again, our objective is to grow market share for our brands in those environments. I think we have said before that we think Brazil is not an overnight fix. And we will stay the course. But again, if you take this generalized view, I think there are still more of the emerging countries where the underlying consumer sentiment is okay. Russia and Brazil would not be in that group in 2015. And we dont believe in 2016 either. And although its a smaller part of our business, that would also apply to some of the African countries, but they are smaller.
Operator: And well take our next question from Bill Chappell with SunTrust.
Bill Chappell: Thanks, good morning.
Ian Cook: Hey Bill.
Bill Chappell: Just a follow-up, could you quantify what the organic growth was last year ex Venezuela? And then the other question, on share repurchase, Im not sure if you commented on that on what it was in the quarter. But is there any thoughts with kind of stock, where its been? And in the past, youve certainly used opportunities to step up and use a little more cash? Is that a though right now?
Ian Cook: Okay. The answer on Venezuela is polite no. So I repeat, we delivered 5% organic growth in the fourth quarter and in 2015. And we are guiding that we will deliver the same organic range between 4% and 7% excluding Venezuela in 2016. As we think about the share repurchases, one has to be thoughtful about capital structure in the environment wherein given the foreign exchange impact on cash profit. And as we have gone through our capital structure right now, and we have not made this decision yet, but I think it would be fair to say as a company that we have been for since 1895 I think committed to paying dividend and have increased it for the last 50 plus years. So thats a decision yet to be made, but that is obviously a use of cash so is capital expenditure which is very focused on supporting our global growth and efficiency program. And then we turn to share buyback. Right now, our capital structure would say our gross share buyback for this year would be in the 1 billion to 1.3 billion range.
Operator: And well take our next question from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: Great, thanks. I would never chide you in, first of all.
Ian Cook: I did it already.
Lauren Lieberman: I had a question on Europe. When I spent some time with panels, middle of last year, we talked quite a bit about premium innovations and it struck me that sort of newer direction, a different way of dealing with the longstanding deflationary environment in Europe. So if you could talk a little bit about how those efforts are going on premium innovation, if its a strategy youre thinking about taking a more significant way into other markets, that would be really helpful. Thank you.
Ian Cook: Yes. Well, it is well underway. I mean as we went through our 2016 budget program, I think you may have had a sneak peek on stuff we havent yet seen here. But that is very much underpinning the European plan for 2016 and some of those products are moving into the marketplace as Bina mentioned as we speak right now. And it would be fair to say that depending on the market, depending on the condition of the consumer, that is the model that is under serious study and indeed has already been adopted in certain parts of the world. But to the extent that it can be deployed, you expect that it will be.
Operator: And well take our next question from Javier Escalante with Consumer Edge Research.
Javier Escalante: Good morning everyone. My question has to do - hello, how are you? My question has to do with reports on the British press that Glaxo is considering to sell off its consumer division. And I would like to hear your thoughts with regards to whether this asset which includes Sensodyne, is something that you would consider as strategic for Colgate on one end? On other, to what extent with the restructuring savings ending in 2016, whether financially will of interest as well as a means to generate savings? Thank you.
Ian Cook: Well, first of all, Im hesitant to comment on the British press, Javier.
Javier Escalante: Okay, I understand. But what about Glaxo consumer? Is it something that - is it kind of - I know that you are very choosy and very financially disciplined, but do you think that this is something that it would be of interest to Colgate to consider?
Ian Cook: The only proper answer to that question is that we dont comment on market speculation and rumor or the British press.
Operator: And our final question comes from John Faucher with JP Morgan.
John Faucher: Thank you very much. Two questions here. The first is, a lot more discussion about the local brands and things like that. Yet as you said, your market shares are generally increasing. Can you talk about what youve seen from them from a transactional pricing standpoint? And then the second question is probably, its a little bit of a devils advocate question and probably not one youre expecting, which is when you talked about having the flexibility of sort of the touch points, right, advertising versus trade and in-store, what have you, and given that dialogue youve had over the last 6 to 12 months, wouldnt that argue that longer-term that the gross margin expansion which weve been looking for is less relevant, right? It seems as though if you have that marketing mix flexibility, it should be about the operating margin, not the gross margin. So I guess sort of putting it back in your court in that regard, doesnt the gross margin lose some of its importance overtime if youre moving these buckets around more? Thanks.
Ian Cook: So let me answer the question of the local brand pricing. I guess for those materials that are dollar-denominated, they say its the same pressures that we do. And many of these local brands are not classic cheapies. They are reasonably well-priced products. I must say I cant give you a chapter and verse review on have they mimicked the pricing we have. But we certainly havent seen them going the other way. So either they are premium in many cases and they stayed there or I think I could say that they will have moved their pricing. We havent seen them trying to go the other way. On the marketing mix comment, I would be careful to argue about the flexibility. I think what it gives us is against the objectives we have for a brand or an innovation or against a particular consumer, what is the best way to think about all of the touch points in terms of reaching them. I made the comment on the last call that over half of moms today in Latin America are Millennials that Facebook and YouTube are enormous connection points for that community. So thats a great place to go to touch those kind of consumers. And I think personally, gross margin remains as important because what youre trying to do there, I think, is to create value in a product that the consumer sees and is prepared to pay for back to Laurens point about premium by innovation. And its off that fulcrum, everything else comes because otherwise from an operating point of view, youre only leaving yourself really leveraged overhead and advertising to deal with. So I think a gross margin focus should be an un-remising focus in a consumer products company in our types of businesses.
Ian Cook: Okay. Well, Im pleased and surprised pleasantly by the duration of the call. Thank you for all of the questions. And we look forward to keeping you updated as the year unfolds. Thank you very much.
Operator: That does conclude todays conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Bina Thompson - IR Ian Cook - CEO Dennis Hickey - CFO Victoria Dolan - Corporate Controller Elaine Paik - Treasurer
Analysts: Dara Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Caroline Levy - CLSA Ali Dibadj - Bernstein Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Jason English - Goldman Sachs Steve Powers - UBS Chris Ferrara - Wells Fargo Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research Joe Altobello - Raymond James Lauren Lieberman - Barclays John Faucher - JP Morgan Alex Paterson - AGI Mark Astrachan - Stifel
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company's Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgatepalmolive.com. Today's conference call will include forward-looking statements. These statements are made on the basis of the companys views and assumptions as of this time and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual events or results may differ materially from these statements. So for information about certain factors that could cause such differences, investors should consult the companys reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on Colgates Web site, including the information set forth under the captions Risk Factors and Cautionary Statements on Forward-looking Statements. This conference call will also include a discussion of non-GAAP financial measures, which differ from the companys results prepared in accordance with GAAP. Colgate will discuss organic sales growth, which is net sales growth excluding foreign exchange, acquisitions and divestitures. The company will also discuss gross profit, gross profit margin, SG&A, SG&A as percent of net sales, operating profit, operating profit margin, net income and earnings per-share on a diluted basis excluding the impact of the items described in the press release. A full reconciliation of the corresponding GAAP measures is included in the press release and is posted in the Investors section of Colgates Web site at www.colgatepalmolive.com. Just a reminder, there may be a slight delay before the question-and-answer session begin due to the web simulcast. Now for opening remarks, I'd like to turn the call over to the Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Bina Thompson. Please go ahead, Bina.
Bina Thompson: Thank you, Kelly. Good morning, everybody, and welcome to our third quarter 2015 earnings release conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, President, Chairman and CEO; Dennis Hickey, CFO; Victoria Dolan, Corporate Controller and Elaine Paik, Treasurer. We're pleased with the continued solid organic sales growth, of course negative foreign exchange continues to be a major challenge, but as youll hear our market shares are strong and growing, one of the best indications of the health of the business. Happily gross profit margin increase in the quarter as a result of our funding the growth initiatives, pricing actions and our global growth and efficiency program. Worldwide our overhead cost are down on a dollar basis. Now while we reported advertising was down on dollar basis, we think were getting good results from the dollars we spend both in-store and out. Digital advertising is growing in fact as an example in Latin America we are increasing our investment in digital to better reach our younger audiences as well as to drive engagements. And as we focused on developing strategic collaborations with partners such as Google and Facebook, were better able to measure the results of our investments. Marketing mix model studies from several countries across Latin America show an ROI for digital investment that is three to four times higher than TV confirming this shift is right to drive our business. Our balance sheet remain solid and were making very good progress on working capital. So let's get right into the divisions starting with North America. Innovation continues to a fuel our success in North America. As mentioned in the press release, our market shares are up year-to-date in toothpaste, manual toothbrushes, mouthwash, liquid hand soap, body wash and fabric conditioners. And this was true on a quarter-over-quarter comparison as well. At the same time, weve seen a decline in private label shares in many of our categories indicating the consumers preference for branded products and respect of our equities. In the toothpaste category, the launch of Colgate Total Daily Repair supported by engaging media campaign and strong in-store shopper materials has added incremental share to the base line products. In the whitening segment, we offer a full range of products toothpaste, toothbrushes and mouthwash. Our Colgate Optic White toothpaste has grown share from 2.4% in the third quarter of 2011 to a 5.7% share in the most recent quarter. Colgate Enamel Health has also seen good growth momentum increasing a full share point quarter-over-quarter. Another exciting opportunity is a sensitivity segment where we are a strong number two player. That segment has seen a compound growth of 7.7% over the last four years versus 2.8% for toothpaste overall. In the mouthwash category, where our share is up year-to-date 20 basis points, both Colgate Total for gum health and Colgate Enamel Health mouthwash are picking up momentum. Our Colgate Total for gum health is the number one new item in the leading retailer and receiving full support in-store. In liquid hand soaps, our year-to-date share is up almost a full point to a leading 30.6% while private label products have declined almost two full points year-to-date to the lowest level in at least five years. Premium offerings such as soap Softsoap Fragrant Foaming Collection and Dcor Collection foaming hand soap offer distinctive benefits. Similar Softsoap Fresh & Glow body wash with real extract with a unique formula giving you healthy looking skin that glows launched earlier this year has increased our share in that category but almost a full point year-to-date. Fabric conditioner also continue to perform well. Suavitel Fragrance Pearls in-wash scent boosters which provide five times longer lasting fragrance versus detergent alone which we told you about last quarter have helped increase our national share almost a full point year-to-date now approaching 20% of the market. More trial focus programs are expected to drive further growth in the fourth quarter. Now as youd expect our new product grid is well populated and we will share with you some more exciting innovation slated for early 2016 on future calls. Turning then to Europe, South Pacific. Our business there is showing encouraging signs of recovery with innovation playing a critical role. Our market shares are up year-to-date in toothpaste, manual toothbrushes, body wash, shower gels, underarm protection and fabric conditioners. In toothpaste were very excited about the early success of our launch of Colgate Max Light Expert White toothpaste, latest premium offering in this fast growing segment. Launched in the UK in June, it achieved 2.7% share in August and was named the best new toiletries launched for 2015 by one of our larger drug retailers. Two products under the Elmex brand developed specifically for the pharmacy channel, Elmex Sensitive Professional and Elmex ANTI-CARIES PROFESSIONAL has driven our pharmacy share in France to a leadership position 26.3% year-to-date and now ahead of the nearest competitor by 150 basis points. In manual toothbrushes, our leading market share in Europe is up 130 basis points year-to-date to 24.6% with our nearest competitor down to 17.4%. Driving these excellent results has been the launch across the region of our Colgate 360 manual toothbrush line, priced at a super-premium tier these brushes deliver superior cleaning for whole mouth clean and has been supported by a full shopper program. Were also very encouraged by our launch of Sanex advanced range of body washes, underarm protection and body and hand lotion. This innovation brings dermatological expertise for skin specific needs to a third growth pillar for Sanex leading the brand towards a more professional approach in mass. Early results are excellent. Since launch Sanex is the fastest growing brand in both body washes and underarm and in our top markets of France, Spain and the UK our market shares are up in both categories. In fabric conditioners our market shares are up 20 basis points year-to-date to 24% across the European region with the most recent read at 24.5%. Contributing to this success is Soupline Fruity Sensations with a striking look and feel and new different and long lasting fragrances. More innovation is planned across our categories for the rest of this year and into 2016. Specifically in oral care, we will launching the Colgate Expert toothbrush and built in whitening pen. And as you know that product form has helped drive our manual toothbrush share to record high tier in the U.S. In toothpaste we will be launching Colgate Total Proof. This innovation uses breakthrough color change technology that turns the white paste into a blue foam while brushing, giving consumers the confidence of ultimate clean feeling. Turning then to Latin America. Business across the region is solid and as elsewhere innovation has driven market share increases. Our regional market shares are up year-to-date in toothpaste, manual toothbrushes, mouthwash, toilet soap, liquid soap, shampoo, hand dish and liquid cleaners. And even in the face of some economic uncertainties in countries such as Brazil, our categories still show solid local currency growth. Our regional toothpaste share is up two full points year-to-date to 78.2%. In Brazil our market share is up 50 basis points year-to-date to 72%, the highest share in over 20 years and in the face of continued heightened competitive activity. Colgate Total 12 re-launched in August with the positioning of protects a 100% of the services of the mouth. Now has an 18.5% share in the most recent period. In Mexico our share is up 1 point year-to-date to 81.3% with the most recent read at 81.6%, while our major competitor shows continued share decline. Contributing to this success is our premium priced Colgate Luminous White Advanced, Colgates most advanced whitening toothpaste formulated to intensify the whiteness of your teeth by three shades. In manual toothbrushes our market share is up 230 basis points year-to-date to 45.4% with the most recent read at 49.8%. In Mexico we recently reintroduced our Colgate 360 line with a new packaging structure with premium finishing and improved benefit communications, all mouth clean with a 151% more bad breadth bacteria removal. As a result the Colgate 360 equity is up 110 basis points year-to-date reaching a record 11.1% share. Our leading year-to-date bar soap share is at 30.8% with the most recent read at 32%. Record high shares were achieved in Mexico, Columbia and Guatemala and our two equities Protex and Palmolive continue to hold the number one and two position across the regions. In Mexico where we have a strong Home Care business our result to excellent across the three sub categories hand dish, liquid cleaners and fabric conditioners. Our market-shares are up on year-to-date basis 230, 40 and 150 basis points respectively to 52.6%, 33.5% and 48.4%. So looking ahead to further boost our leading manual toothbrush share, we are now in the process of launching Colgate Slim Soft White with 17 times slimmer tip spiraled bristles which provide both whitening and deep, yet gentle cleaning. And innovation launching in fabric conditioners is Suavitel Goodbye Rinse, the market leading Suavitel with an improved no rinse formula. And as you would expect more innovation is planned for 2016 to continue the momentum in this region. Turning then to Asia, were pleased with the strength of the business particularly in our two largest markets China and India which both delivered good volume growth, category growth rates remain mid-single digit in China while in India our categories are growing as well. In India, our year-to-date toothpaste share is at almost 55% on a national basis and close to 59% in rural market. Our market leading manual toothbrush share is 43.6% year-to-date and our launch of Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief Enamel repair toothpaste while in its early days is doing well. Our Colgate 360 Charcoal Gold toothbrush launched earlier in other Asian markets is no contributing to the results in India. This successful innovation with anti-bacterial bristles provides a whole mouth clean and have achieved strong shares across the region in the most recent period, 1.4% in Hong Kong; 2.5% in the Philippines; 1.3% in Taiwan and almost a 1% in Malaysia and has been incremental in each market. More innovation is slated for this quarter and beyond. In China we will be launching two new products developed to appeal to local consumer preferences, Colgate Power White Lemon Salt toothpaste for freshness and whitening experience with a lemon and sea salt flavor and Colgate 360 Gold ginseng gum care toothpaste which contains ginseng essence and enhances the gums power of defense. Two popular Colgate Total variance Charcola Deep Clean and Pro Gum will now be available in a gel format in addition to the paste. And in Thailand in the personal care category, were launching products for both men and women. For men, Protex Men 3-in-1 an all-in-one body cleansing solution with anti-bacterial protection and for women Protex Intimate with anti-bacterial protection for long lasting freshness and well-being sensation every day. Africa, Eurasia, as you know several of our larger markets in Africa Eurasia region have been facing major currency headwinds. Despite the pricing actions we have taken to combat the currency headwinds, organic sales growth is holding at mid-single digit. Market shares are increasing and successful innovation is fueling our growth. Our regional toothpaste share is up at full point year-to-date to almost 33%. In Russia, our share is up 230 basis points year-to-date to 34.2% hitting a record share of 35.1% in the most recent period. We recently launched Colgate Maximum Cavity Protection with Sugar Acid Neutralizer which has already reached at 0.7% share year-to-date and contributed to the share gain. In South Africa, our share grew 150 basis points year-to-date to 50.2% driven by a new marketing campaign behind Colgate Total. In toothbrushes our share declined in only one country and was up in the majority of our market. In Russia where we achieved incremental listings in Russias number one retailer, our toothbrush share grew 270 basis points year-to-date to 48.1% with the most recent read at 49.4%. And in Turkey our share grew 10 basis points year-to-date to 28.6% with the most recent read at 29.7% and in South Africa our share was up 30 basis points year-to-date to 38.2% with the most recent read at 38.6%. Our bar soap business continued with strong momentum in our two biggest markets Russia and South Africa, the recent introduction of Protex Men Power contributed to a regional share gain of 150 basis points year-to-date to almost 24%. More innovation is slated for this quarter. Across the region we will be relaunching our base Colgate Sensitive toothpaste and our line of Plax mouthwash. In the personal care category, we will launching a body wash occupying the new energizing segment for mens body wash Palmolive Men Citrus Crush. It invite the consumer to experience an intense invigorating shower with [indiscernible] and grape fruit ingredients sourced from the purest substances of nature and this buzzing citrus fragrance to spoil the senses. And Hills, Hills delivered another solid quarter of organic sales growth with a good balance of volume and price. Here in the U.S. superstore retail consumption showed a good increase, innovation across Hills prescription diet and Hills science diet as well as volume growth in our ideal balanced brand contributed to our good results. Our Prescription Diet Metabolic Canine and Feline food continue to gain share around the world. Our new stews form has accelerated our growth in the wet segment. We continue to receive endorsements from key thought leaders and the global rollout this year of Prescription Diet Metabolic Plus breakthrough dual efficacy food with nutrition and clinically proven to address obesity and concurrent conditions has added to the momentum of the business. Its now selling in 38 countries and has benefited from extensive sampling to drive awareness and trial. Our ongoing global integrated marketing campaign includes professional print online media, in clinic seminars and recommendation tools and testimonial videos to showcase efficacy. In our wellness business one of our newer launches Science Diet Urinary Hairball Control is meeting with excellent results. The only wellness food that addressed the two most common conditions in health cats it was among the top three wet variants in the U.S. marketing during the first three months after its launch and had a very high star rating on Amazon.com. Its been the product focus for our new professional consultants at PetSmart and Petco and has received good in store activation feedback. Building on our success in the U.S. it is just been launched in Europe. And as we look into 2016 there is more exciting innovation news which we will discuss with you on future calls. So in summary were pleased with the continued solid organic sales growth and market share gains around the world. Our innovation pipeline is as full as ever and our savings programs are on track. Colgate people around the world continue to focus on our four strategic initiatives delivering consistent results. So we look forward to sharing our results with you as we finish the year. And now Kelly I should like to turn it over for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Todays question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically for the cell phone audience [Operator Instructions]. And well take our first question from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.
Dara Mohsenian: So first Ian just a detail question, I think last quarter youd indicated in local currency advertising will be roughly flat year-over-year as a percent of sales in 2015. Is that still the case? How you think about that line item? And then the real question on that front is, its now been six quarters in a row where A&P has been down substantially as a percent of sales. I know youve indicated before its been funneled back into promotion which has been a fact given the market share performance. But the level of pull back in A&P is really striking relative to your -- traditionally the way youve run the business. So what gives you confidence this wont come back to bite you in the long run in terms of lower demand going forward particularly given the macro situation out there right now?
Ian Cook: As you might imagine not an unexpected question, and in answering it as you did lets take a little bit broader perspective and then come back to your specific question. So the world were dealing in today in terms of our categories so I am talking Colgate businesses now and the categories in which we do business not the macroeconomic scene, we have a world where our categories are growing between 0% and 2% in the developed world in Europe at the low end of that and in the U.S. at the upper end of that 0% to 2% growth. In the emerging markets through this call the growth rates in our categories continue to be mid-single digits generally. And our objective, business objective, in that arena has been to have a sustainable rate of growth organically in that 4% to 7% range that we mentioned at the beginning of the year, which we think we continue into the third quarter and we continue to talk about 4 to 7 of the year and indeed as we think about 2016, we begin our budgeting process with the same ambition next year. And the way you get that consistent rate of growth is by building new brands. And you build your brands as measured in market share and as we choose investment vehicles to build those brands youre focusing on trial and repeat purchase of our new innovation and our existing businesses. And dont forget in many of these emerging markets consumer behavior is challenged by local category conditions in those markets, and in store engagement can be more persuasive than -- we were all educated as being proper advertising investment. So we balance and like to think we invest smartly in traditional media the traditional television magazine, radio, sampling devices that would be in that advertising number with an increasing shift as Bina pointed out to digital, being both lower cost and better rate of return and frankly in Latin America with the millennials are now the predominant parent generation a better way of engaging with that target group. And you as you indicated the in-store work that we do within these volatile times can be particularly powerful. Now all of that said as we think about going forward and we begin our process for the budget in 2016 even though we havent yet fully begun that process, if we look at the array of innovation we have over the next three years starting in 2016, I think it would be safe to say that our expectation would be that our traditional advertising ratios would be up in 2016.
Dara Mohsenian: Okay is that on a local currency basis so thats overall company and also can you give us a sense of where you kind of lead 2015 in terms of the ad ratio?
Ian Cook: Well, the ad ratio will be according to our current plan for 2015, will be up quarter-on-quarter for the balance of the year and now I am talking income statement, so I am talking dollar. And if you think about 2016, I think at this stage the expectation would be dollar and of course therefore local currency given what I think most believe will be an improving or at least less bad foreign exchange environment.
Operator: Well move next to Wendy Nicholson with Citigroup.
Wendy Nicholson: Hi. First of all Bina you talked about the Brazilian competitive environment as still being fairly intent. But can you talk a little bit more qualitatively is that more price based competition, is there more advertising, is there more innovation just fighting for shelf and space or just -- I know your shares are good, but directionally what are you seeing there? And then just separately housekeeping on Hills, can you remind us what the split is U.S. versus international sales now for health and maybe in the quarter. How sales performance differed by region? Thank you.
Ian Cook: The Brazil, I dont actually recall Binas language, but frankly the Brazilian environment hasnt become particularly more competitive and historically, it continues to be a competitive marketplace to be sure. But again back to my answer to Dara, with the programs we have and the innovation we have we see our market-share continuing to grow and at 72 as Bina said it's the highest in the last 20 years with our principal competitors both down. So frankly at this stage whatever the threats are in the marketplace, we seem to be meeting them. If we turn to your second question which was around Hills, I think it would be fair to say in broad terms that Hills is about 50-50 U.S. domestic, international business split.
Wendy Nicholson: And it trends internationally versus in U.S. in terms of growth for Hills, similar?
Ian Cook: Similar. Yes, I mean the innovation moves from the U.S. around the world and I am pleased to say things like metabolic and metabolic plus are having similar impacts where ever we take them, so yes.
Operator: Well take our next question from Caroline Levy with CLSA.
Caroline Levy: I am sorry I hopped a little late, but I am wondering if you address Venezuela and the decision not just sort of take it to worst case scenario in the earnings did I miss something there?
Ian Cook: No you didnt Caroline and I am sure many of you have not yet had the chance to get to our [indiscernible] which was posted earlier this morning. But as you well know from the financial literature and the decisions that one makes in this space any decision that we would take to deconsolidated would be driven by our inability on an ongoing basis to get dollars or if we faced additional restrictions on our ability to make local operating decisions on the ground clearly these are things that we revisit quarter upon quarter and we duly did so for this quarter Caroline, but based on our facts and circumstances and the assessments we made we have chosen to keep reporting Venezuela this quarter and of course that is subject that we will revisit period-by-period as time goes on.
Caroline Levy: And off the 12% pricing in Latin America then can you say how much is Venezuela?
Ian Cook: Well remember the government approved pricing that got in Venezuela which I think was around 70% plus, 74% if I remember correct me, that was in the fourth quarter of last year. So obviously you have the rollover effect. There is pricing obviously we get for the non-regulated businesses but I would tell you that we are getting pricing across Latin America from Mexico down to Argentina.
Operator: Well go next to Ali Dibadj with Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj: I wanted to ask again about why you are confident that youre striking the right balance in terms of volume versus margin for the long term? And so take maybe two metrics, one take as the move more and more to in store promotion, and in store displays, doesnt that suggest that the consumer is making more and more decision at the shelf and thats been a trend going on for a while. It seems like its accelerating. So does that reduce such a competitive advantage over the long term because I think its tough to really differentiate yourself as much in store as one could through traditional media as an example? Perhaps online -- although Id say that the ROI there is still hefty because we know long term history. So, how you balance that? Is that -- are you setting yourself up in a tougher situation by pushing more in store for the long term given youre trying to differentiate your brand?
Ian Cook: Very good and deep question Ali, as usual. The answer is its not either-or and I think if you were to go back to again the days when many of us made our marketing bones, in store activity was pretty rudimentary there was a cardboard display stuck at the end of the shelf with a $0.99 off flag on it hardly brand building in nature and that is why everybody has this aversion if you will to in store investment versus the supposed quality of the engagement we get from their traditional media understanding that that will today is so fragmented that it is less precise than perhaps many of us believed historically. So, no, obviously, you dont find yourself in a place where all of your engagement with consumer happens at the retail level. So with the data available to us today with the techniques available to us today with some of the in store engagement materials available to us today, which are brand and benefit and therapy open bracket Colgate specific including some times the coloring of the shelves but house oral care products at retail that is a wonderful environment to get consumers to make that final decision particularly if they are in a stressed highly devalued geography. You still have the advertising and we can debate traditional versus digital, but is making the awareness connection and seeking to provoke the trial, but you miss everything if you dont engage with that consumer when they come to that store to make sure the trial engendered if the your product. So yes it is a balance so it is not a journey to everything at retail but I think the historical perceptions of what you can do at retail and frankly a prejudice that says what you do at retail is by definition not brand building I am afraid its a little bit old school.
Ali Dibadj: So besides that I am old school there here --.
Ian Cook: Thats allowed [ph] by the way.
Ali Dibadj: But do you think -- so I understand engaging at shelf I mean you guys have seen it, you guys have done it very well the [indiscernible] side slightly all show. I struggle with that being not -- that being differentiated so feeling that thats probably easier to copy with a little bit of spend in store, with a little bit of more discussion with the merchants in store, then really good copy and whether thatd be digital or not. And it just sounds like you dont even think thats the case, its not as copy able in store?
Ian Cook: Ali, again, take Latin America think about our market share and think about how much of that shelf we have, then think about red, then think about a program that may take a local dentist with an incentive to go to a store and buy Colgate that is hitting you in the face with a therapeutic health message so youre coming in provoked by the dentist and Colgate is engaging newer shelf, a competitor can spend more money, theyre not going to get that presence at retail. So I would argue it is differentiating and the presence you have at retail with the market shares we have in our specific categories come back to the more fragmented media market, you can argue which is more likely to get the consumers attention. Having said that I am still old school and I agree with you a good copy is very important part of a marketing mix, but its a marketing mix I would argue it is not simply more of the store, but everything on media. Things are much more balanced.
Operator: Well go next to Bill Schmitz with Deutsche Bank.
Bill Schmitz: Good morning. You said about doing something in organic, it's been a while since you guys have looked at acquisitions and it seems like the industry is clearly changing very rapidly, there is not as amount of active business twist, there is big focus on cost cutting and it seems like you're pretty deeply penetrated and especially in oral care. So is there anything out there that you guys are thinking about this juncture that would making better leverage from your distribution infrastructure?
Ian Cook: Yes, I mean it's clearly a very good question Bill and obviously were I to answer and Id have to kill you. So I think the headline would be, I think we are very thoughtful and were very strategic about acquisition, you have seen that I think in those things that we have acquired. We are all with strategically open to the right acquisition at the right time. As you know these things are little bit of process of serendipity however much you move and peruse and then we are also very disciplined on valuations. You have to live with what you buy for the betterment of the company over the long haul. So I think my answer would be were as interested in acquisitions as were in Sanex and GABA and Toms and the laser brand in Myanmar and if more were to become available and the price was right, youd see as this interested going forward as we have been over our recent past. But I wouldnt make it a tilting point now versus previously.
Bill Schmitz: Okay, great. Can I just have a follow-up, I am asking to read the tea leaves here, but are there any signs that were bottoming in emerging market, I know the category growth rates are still fairly healthy, but almost all thats driven by price and mix. If people get some of the scan volume data flat up very slightly most of that inflation pricing with the absence of a local competitor. So like do you have any thoughts on kind of when we really start to see consumption come back?
Ian Cook: I think in terms of physical consumption; first of all some of these markets are growing in volume terms, so it's not everywhere. But you're right, when pricing is very aggressive needs as must from a dollar point of view that tends to depress volume in s short haul so without being glib, I think my answer would be once the necessary wave of pricing is behind us and everybody else thats taking pricing I think you can expect the balance between price and volume to move back more on to the volume side of the equation. When exactly that will be is difficult to tell I would certainly say it will be no earlier than next year.
Operator: Well go next to Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: Good morning. Thank you for question. I want to come back to the investment questions against the consumer. So a two part question; one it sounds like you really were in an environment where shifting more to trade makes sense given the sharper marketing components that ways and the engagement the consumer there and digital course playing a larger role. With that said, is it fair to assume that the measurable AMP line in your income statement we should expect that ratio to sales to remain lower than it has been historically? And secondly as you moved straight and move to essentially a counter revenue line item that we cant see in the P&L, it becomes a little hard to measure for us to see. So can you give us a sense of if we were able to group of trade and measurably compete together and look at that as a percentage of sales how that maybe changing year-to-date for fair versus previous year?
Ian Cook: The last one is difficult to do Jason because one comes off gross and the other is measured against net. What I can tell you is that what you are calling trade spending is up this year. But to come back to you more fundamental question, a few things; number one, this notion of shopper marketing is not the third quarter 2015 comment. We have been trying to make this point unsuccessfully for the last two to three years for the reasons ID tailed a little bit earlier. We believe well done it is part of building brands. Number two, you're right digital I think will become an important way to target and reach different consumer groups going forward and that carries with it a different dollar to the traditional media. But no, I would not take the notion this forever going forward our traditional media to sales percentage, the one you do see will be lower and stay lower. That as I said earlier in response to a question I think well be the innovation spread and we have driven by the innovation spread that we have and as I said earlier even though we havent finished the budget process, actually we havent even started the budget process, but when you look at our innovation grid for the next three years starting in 2016, I think my expectation would be that you will see that ratio head back up a little bit in 2016. So it will move around I am just trying to assert that there is no good and bad, its all in the marketing mix and they are all legitimate ways of engaging with consumers. And particularly in volatile times with high devaluations that closure if you will with the consumer on sale in those high devalued emerging markets happen in that retail environment.
Jason English: So can you help me understand why its hard to give us sense of the trade spend number? I mean you know the number instead of divided by growth, you could just divide it by net to give us the ratio. Am I over simplifying it by thinking about it that way?
Ian Cook: No, youre not. We havent done that, let us think about that, we could do that it is then a created number.
Operator: Well move next to Olivia Tong with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Olivia Tong: So just on advertising, youve mentioned it should go up next year. But do you think this level with abnormally low and you will see a big move upwards next year or is there plan for up but not materially so in 2016. And what are you seeing in terms of the decision on promo versus advertising from your major competitors. Because I asking in the context that Proctor sort of shifting some of their trying to realize more margin potentially as a detriment of sale in some cases? Thanks.
Ian Cook: Well, first of all, I had tried to explain the third quarter this year. It is a quarter I wouldnt have said about it, I dont think its abnormally low and therefore as we approach our 2016 budget were saying oh we need to get it back up to X or Y level, I do believe, we do believe that with the richness of innovation we have the expectation will be that it will be up, how much it will be up, we will know when we finish our budgeted process. Now as you look around the world and something I elected not to say lets one sounds defensive but as you go around the world in many parts of the world you continue to see many of our multinational competitors pull back on traditional advertising quite substantially and then many of that fee market, even if you take the old fashioned measure of share or voice, we remain just on the face of it quite competitive. Now, we have seen some collaborating signals of certain businesses exited by competitors in order to realize price you see the public information in India and you see that in the market place. But if we take the breadth of our business, there is nothing I would point to say, the shape of the promotional environment that were in has meaningfully changed.
Olivia Tong: So I can just move to restructuring. Are you pushing harder on the initiatives youve already outlined or these new areas that you will be exploring? And will this result in more savings starting in 2016 or is it just an extension to another year of savings? And as you think about reinvestment versus dropping to the bottom line, are there any shifts there in terms of how you think about this new tranche of restructuring savings.
Ian Cook: Lets take a step back Olivia. Clearly, when we began this program, which by the way is a lot shorter than many of our competitors. But when we began the program we had three key areas and we said at the beginning that it was a global growth and efficiency program and that it was a journey. So, we were establishing hubs and we were establishing business service centers and we were transferring lifting and shifting if you will capabilities to the new structure that we were building that was supported by SAP across out Company. So this gives us the opportunity to transform a little bit what, we are doing with the new structure that we are creating and do it in a time bound window of 2017 rather than extending it over a longer period. So it is very definitely still within the three areas that we defined at the beginning of the restructuring, no new areas. It is definitely one more year. And as we said in the release well be coming back to you early in the New Year with flushed out ranges of costs for the program and savings. So on that one, well back to you in the new-year.
Operator: Well go next to Steve Powers with UBS.
Steve Powers: Great, thanks. I guess just to cleans up on topics already discussed on Venezuela acknowledging every situation is different, is it fair to assess at least the likelihood of deconsolidation rising on the margin, it feels that way from the outside. I just want to get your perspective on that? And second much to the restructuring that Olivia asked about, is there -- so should well be thinking about more opportunity in this next wave building on the hunting, thread, shared services is there a focus area within the three that is going to be of weight or maybe -- I am just trying to get a sense for where the incremental focus will go either in terms of focus stream or geography?
Ian Cook: On your Venezuela comment, all I can say Steve is that this is something we revisit quarter-by-quarter based on the facts and circumstances that present themselves in each of the quarters and we will continue to do that. So I really and specifically do not want to share how were thinking about it. We will be resolutely objective and make whatever decisions we think are appropriate based on the fact and circumstances at the time. Now when you turn to the restructuring, I would say simplistically and we will be back with richer commentary next year, I would say specifically what were talking about and activities that will be more transformational in how we used the hubs we have created and how we use the service centers we have created more fulsomely. And I hold it there at this stage. So it is greater utilization around the basic structures that we will have fully established by next year.
Operator: Well go next to Chris Ferrara with Wells Fargo.
Chris Ferrara: The SG&A excluding advertising in the quarter, looks likes it picked up maybe by 100 basis points year-on-year. So can you go through a little bit what might have driven that, I mean is that some of the shift in store, there is some promotional activity?
Ian Cook: Chris that is straight forward leverage, our overheads -- our drawn [ph] overheads were actually down year-on-year with the benefits were getting from the restructuring program. But there is a lot of overhead that is dollar denominated and when you have the downward pressure of 13% foreign exchange on the top-line you end up with a leverage negative and it is entirely traceable to that negative leverage.
Chris Ferrara: I guess than the follow-up to that would be, why didnt we see it nearly to that extent last quarter when it was publicly a pretty similar dynamic around the top-line drivers?
Ian Cook: I dont know, the only other mix in it is the mix of countries. So it may have been a country mix issue, well have to get back to you on that, I dont have the answer at my fingertips.
Operator: Well go next to Javier Escalante with Consumer Edge Research.
Javier Escalante: Good morning everyone. Actually my clarification has to do with Chris because it seems like headquartered expenses run the highest since 2009 and I was surprised because of the having and is this Forex or something else going on in that line? And I do have a question with regards to commercial spending and category growth if I can. Thank you.
Ian Cook: What you called it, corporate overhead is flat. So as I answered before on this quarter, it's definitely a leverage. And your question on spending is?
Javier Escalante: Basically in the past and we know that the fact that this market shares are up across the board in oral care, it shouldnt be a huge change. But especially in the past when advertising has been down there have been commentary regarding aggregate commercial spending which include trader spending. And trader spending is typically in magnitude two to three times advertising. So could you tell us whether the aggregate of commercial spending is up or not and in the case of category you mentioned that the category has kind of like bottomed out, this is in reference to Bill Schmitz question? So could you clarify whether is it that the category were seeing negative mix because of the price increases or actual volumes have slowdown? Because it seems as if considering all the market-share gains, all the pricing that you're taking in oral care the organics could have been better? So sorry for the too many questions. Thank you.
Ian Cook: Well the oral care organic sales were better than the company average number one. Number two, in terms of total spending you're right, the trade spending as a ratio is a multiple of over three times the traditional advertising spending and relative to the category growth rates Bills question was to do with volume and my answer to the question was a balance between volume and price. And he was asking whether the volume was bottoming out and would come back and I think the answer we gave was you would expect that balance to come back once the higher pricing that has being taken had worked its way through and that we didnt expect that to be earlier than 2016.
Javier Escalante: But if I may, so the question that I have is based on your assessment are you seeing, when you talk about volumes there is this interplay between mix and actual tonnage if you will. So my question is whether because of the price increases you were seeing negative mix within Colgates portfolio? Thank you.
Ian Cook: And the answer is were not going to get into that level of detail.
Operator: Well go next to Joe Altobello with Raymond James.
Joe Altobello: Just had a question on pricing in Latin America, it sounds like in your answer to Javier that youre waiting on some of your competitors to match on the price increases you guys have taken. And I am just curious when you talk about your competitors in Latin America, are they mostly local competitors who dont have the same currency headwinds that you guys are facing right now, or are they multinationals who do have the same currency headwinds?
Ian Cook: We have both, the locals tend to be more country specific, Columbia and Mexico. So they tend to be both. And if I said it then I apologize, I didnt mean to say it. Were not waiting on anybody. We have been taking pricing in Latin America and I would further say when you look at the breakdown of raw materials in todays world many of those raw materials are dollar denominated, so even a local competitor is going to get hit with the local currency transaction impact of raw materials coming into the country. So I would say that the incentive to price is fairly elevated across the board.
Joe Altobello: Okay, that was my question, yeah. I was trying to get to when they would follow your lead essentially on the pricing side. And then on the follow up in terms of advertising spending, I know weve beaten this to death a little bit here. But can you give us a sense for what U.S. advertising did in the quarter year-over-year? Thanks.
Ian Cook: Again were not going to get into that level of country by country detail.
Operator: Well go next to Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: So if you could talk a little bit about Europe, actually, this is with organic sales being down this quarter, its actually the first time weve seen that in quite a while. So, big deceleration in volume and my understanding is there has been little bit of premium based innovation going into market, so just surprised to see volume which we know as volume and mix be so light. Could you talk a little bit about your, that would be great? Thank you.
Ian Cook: I think when you look at the European environment obviously its our lowest growth area of the world. I think the good news is that although pricing has been consistently negative in Europe if you look at the three quarters this year it has become positively less negative, unfortunately we had the volume negative in the third quarter. And I would say -- we would say that that is going to come back and were certainly planning for positive organic growth going forward.
Lauren Lieberman: Were there any particular big buckets of product launches, appointment, its just that its a pretty significant change in trend on volume?
Ian Cook: The only thing I would comment to Lauren is that we had a situation in our Europe West grouping which is essentially our Germanic grouping which had to do with the transfer to a new distribution center which disrupted the shipments of that operation specifically in the quarter. So I think I know Europe was in part affected by that on the volume side which we see, A, as one time and B, already corrected and coming back in the fourth quarter. But it did have an effect beyond the usual market travails in Europe.
Lauren Lieberman: And then just similarly on Latin America, its pretty rare to see volume go negative. I mean I understand the pricing environment obviously and that volumes have been light. But it is rare to see volume go negative. So just thoughts on what comes next there, understanding shares have been solid and market growth you said is kind of stuck in the single digit?
Ian Cook: Again youre right it has to do with the pricing. You can see that the pricing of course is more elevated than the prior two quarters in Latin America and we took strong pricing in Brazil which had an impact on volume and usually the way that works is that as I said earlier once the pricing works its way through than the volume comes back, the categories are still growing mid-single digit. So we hope things stay to the normal cycle of events.
Lauren Lieberman: Thank you. And then just so the call doesnt end without anyone asking, could you share the gross margin bridge for the quarter? It will be great.
Ian Cook: No.
Lauren Lieberman: But then my model breaks down.
Ian Cook: Third quarter the prior year gross profit was 58.6%, we got 140 basis points positive from pricing, but our funding the growth savings and the restructuring, we got favorable 270 basis points, so funding the growth continuing to do very well. On material pricing there was a headwind of 390 basis points and so the offset of the resulting 120 basis points negative to the 140 on pricing gets you the plus 20 and meaningfully over half of the 390 basis points negative was to do with the transaction impact to foreign exchange.
Operator: Well move next to John Faucher with JP Morgan.
John Faucher: Yes, good morning and I guess its afternoon now. So Ill try to keep this quick. One clarification which is I think you said that Venezuela pricing was up 74% and if I look at that that would be pretty much all of the Latin America pricing.
Ian Cook: No, no, John sorry, what I said was the official price increase that we were granted was 74% in the fourth quarter of last year. So on some businesses, so that is --.
John Faucher: On some businesses, okay, I got it, thats what I thought, I just want to make sure. And then as we look out, I know you guys dont want to get into quarterly stuff here. If you look at it is a more difficult comparison as we look into the fourth quarter. Just sequentially, do you feel like more the pricing flows through and again not looking for specific guidance, but it seems like sort of the lower end of your four to seven range is probably the right way to be in the fourth quarter, is that the right way to think about it?
Ian Cook: I am not sure, I would go all the way there John, I think were comfortable with the four to seven range, I think your sense of pricing is right. We still have recovery to move the gross margin because to get to flat on the year, we have to be as youll calculate from the squeeze, we have to be up on the quarter. So it will be within range, I think we are thinking if you take the nine months to it would be kind of around there.
Operator: Well go next to Alex Paterson with AGI.
Alex Paterson: Hi Ian, so just a couple of quick ones in the specialty pet channel, have you seen much in the way of a deflationary impact due to lower commodity cost which seem to be impacting the mass channel, has that flowed into that channel for you? And then secondly just curious about the cash youve been building and the cash sources are you able to repatriate like youve been able to do in the past the cash generation especially in emerging markets back to the U.S. whereas most of that locked into those markets?
Ian Cook: On the first -- again without being glib, the answer is a simple, no. Particularly in our segment of the pet nutrition business which tends to be the more premium and so we have not seen it creep into specialty. Cash repatriation, Venezuela is Venezuela, absent Venezuela it's the same as it has always been. So we have the ability to repatriate sometimes timings is variable country-by-country but no change from prior.
Operator: Well take our last question from Mark Astrachan with Stifel.
Mark Astrachan: So going back to the advertising, I guess the effectiveness of digital would seem to vary by category for various reason. So I am curious assuming if there is some truth to that, are there specific categories in which ads spend is still up year-on-year or up greater than it appears to be and maybe talk directionally about it category-by-category, if you can?
Ian Cook: I probably could, but I am not going to. I dont think Mark because were not going to get into that level of detail. I would say to your general point on digital, its less category specific, although the category maybe linked to the user, its more which use that you're trying to get to and how they access. We just went through an extensive review for example in Latin America, majority of viewers millennial. They happen to be a growing majority of parents. They happen to do an awful lot on Facebook and they happen to be avid viewers of YouTube video. So do you want to connect with that group then the best way to get your advertising message to that group is YouTube videos and to do so in a way that is purpose driven. So if you were to Google all of that youd see some pretty interesting work from our point of view. But it tends to be more driven by the viewer than it does by the category. Okay. Well, good. Is that it?
Operator: Thats it.
Ian Cook: Okay. Then, thank you all for your questions and thanks to all the Colgate people around the world that deliver the results. Thank you everybody.
Operator: That does conclude todays conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Bina H. Thompson - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Jason M. English - Goldman Sachs & Co. Stephen R. Powers - UBS Securities LLC William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Christopher Ferrara - Wells Fargo Securities LLC William B. Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Caroline S. Levy - CLSA Americas LLC Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC John A. Faucher - JPMorgan Securities LLC Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research LLC Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc. Iain E. Simpson - Socit Gnrale SA (Broker)
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company's Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference. This call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgatepalmolive.com. Today's conference call will include forward-looking statements. These statements are made on the basis of our views and assumptions as of this time and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual events or results may differ materially from these statements. So for information about certain factors that could cause such differences, investors should consult our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on our website, including the information set forth under the captions Risk Factors and Cautionary Statements on Forward-looking Statements. This conference call will also include a discussion of non-GAAP financial measures, which differ from our results prepared in accordance with GAAP. We will discuss organic sales growth, which is net sales growth excluding foreign exchange, acquisitions and divestitures. We will also discuss gross profit, gross profit margin, SG&A, SG&A as a percent of net sales, operating profit, operating profit margin, net income, and earnings-per-share on a diluted basis excluding the impact of the items described in the press release. A full reconciliation with corresponding GAAP measures is included in the press release and is posted in the For Investors section of our website at www.colgatepalmolive.com. Just a reminder, there may be a slight delay before the question-and-answer session begin due to the web simulcast. Now for opening remarks, I'd like to turn the call over to the Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Bina Thompson. Please go ahead, Bina.
Bina H. Thompson - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you, Jessica. Good morning, everybody, and welcome to our second quarter 2015 earnings release conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, Chairman, President and CEO; Dennis Hickey, CFO; Victoria Dolan, Corporate Controller; and Elaine Paik, Treasurer. We're very pleased with the continued strong organic sales growth in our business across all divisions. In fact, the pace of such growth has accelerated nearly everywhere. Innovation continues to play an important role in our successful array of new products across categories has resulted in strong and growing market shares. As Ian said in the press release, our robust organic sales growth is particularly notable in the face of challenging macroeconomic conditions in many markets; however, foreign exchange continues to be an even more significant headwind, and that is continuing into the third quarter. And as you know, we're diligent in taking pricing to offset currency-related transaction costs and are pleased that even with the pricing we have taken, there is still a good balance with volumes. Our savings programs are delivering excellent results both our ongoing Funding the Growth initiatives as well as our Global Growth and Efficiency program. Cash generation is solid and our working capital is low, down year-over-year. So, we think we're making good progress in 2015 and have good plans in place to keep up the momentum. So, let's turn to the divisions; starting with North America; we're pleased with the solid organic sales growth in North America this quarter and acceleration from the first quarter 2015 growth, driven by a solid volume increase of 3%. And as mentioned in the press release, U.S. market shares are strong across many categories. Innovation continues to play a critical role; although, we also see strengths in the base business. For instance, Colgate Total toothpaste continues to maintain a market share of around 10%. In the first quarter, we launched Colgate Total mouthwash for gum health, which allowed us to drive the regimen concept in-store with a claim of 45% stronger, healthier gums versus non-antibacterial mouthwash. The mouthwash is off to a great start. It's the number one new item at a major U.S. retailer. In toothbrushes, our newest addition to the Colgate 360 line is Colgate 360 Optic White Platinum. This has been incremental in the line. Colgate 360 has come from a 13% share for full-year 2011 to a 19.3% share of the total category year-to-date. And as we said in the press release, our leadership manual toothbrush here is now well over 40% at 41.4%. We're particularly pleased with the performance of our Tom's of Maine business. Sales are growing healthy double-digits with the strongest growth in our top 10 retailers. With the expansion of our shopper marketing initiative, we achieved our first-ever end aisle displays in many customers during our well executed April Earth Month integrated marketing campaign. Our new Tom's baby line is off to a very encouraging start with wide acceptance across retail channels. The line is receiving positive online consumer reviews and the body lotion and hair body wash products are within the top SKUs ranking in selling ahead of many other big and established baby brands. The fastest-growing segment within fabric conditioners is scent boosters. We launched Suavitel Fragrance Pearls in-wash scent boosters in March of this year with the claim of five times longer-lasting fragrance versus detergent alone. Distribution continues to build within major accounts, and our year-to-date share in the overall category is at 18.7%, up 70 basis points, with our second quarter share at a record 19.5%. Looking ahead in the third quarter, we'll be launching Colgate Total Daily Repair toothpaste, which helps reverse early damage for better oral health and goes beyond promoting traditional benefits to a new consumer relevant space, with the best testing Colgate Total concept ever. And as you can imagine, we'll be backed by a full support plan including TV, PR and social media, professional and multicultural outreach and of course in-store shopper activity. As you know, in the second half of 2014, we launched Colgate Enamel Health toothpaste. In the first quarter, this year, we added Colgate Enamel Health Multi-Protection toothpaste to the Enamel footprint. And now in the third quarter, we're adding Colgate Enamel Health mouthwash to provide a complete regimen solution. This new mouthwash helps replenish natural calciums, reverses enamel softening and helps prevent cavities, all with a great-tasting flavor. And finally, in the Kids' segment, we're launching the first-ever regimen portfolio with Minions branding across the toothpaste, toothbrush and mouthwash categories. Turning then to Europe/South Pacific; we're pleased with the acceleration in organic sales growth in this region from the first quarter. Continued innovation has contributed to the results. Consequently, our regional year-to-date market shares are up in toothpaste, manual toothbrushes, mouth rinse, body wash, liquid hand soap, underarm protection and fabric conditioner. The regional launch of our premium priced Colgate Max White One Optic toothpaste has been incremental to our share in the whitening category and has helped to increase overall toothpaste share in France, Italy and Spain. In addition, in France, a strong integrated marketing campaign has helped grow our elmex SENSITIVE toothpaste business in the mass channel. Growth in our manual toothbrush business has been driven by innovation and excellent in-store execution. The favorable gap between us and our nearest competitor has widened over the last five years from just 70 basis points to almost 7 full points on a year-to-date basis. Across Europe, our manual toothbrush share is up 150 basis points to 24.6% year-to-date. And in Australia, our share is up 170 basis points to 63.3% year-to-date, with the most recent read at 63.8%. And we told you last quarter about an exciting new innovation in Personal Care, Sanex Advanced. This is off to a very good start. The line of body washes and underarm deodorant has been incremental to the business and, in the last month, our body wash share has met or exceeded our goal in France, Spain and Belgium. Innovation continues in the second half of 2015. In the toothpaste category, we're just now launching Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief Repair and Prevent toothpaste. This premium-priced offering repairs sensitive areas of the teeth and prevents further sensitivity for instant and lasting relief. An extensive shopper marketing program will support a complete re-launch of our Colgate 360 manual toothbrushes, which provide superior cleaning for a whole mouth clean versus an ordinary flat trimmed toothbrush. This premium-priced line, which includes Colgate 360 Expert White and Colgate 360 for men should help continue the excellent momentum we've seen in this category. And in our body wash business, we'll be launching Palmolive Gourmet body washes, a line of creamy body butter washes with fragrant ingredients, including vanilla, chocolate and peach, which have already been very successful in the Africa/Eurasia division. Moving on to Latin America. We're pleased with a continued strong organic sales growth in this region. Two of our largest subsidiaries in the region, Mexico and Brazil, delivered solid performance and, of particular note with Brazil, where organic sales growth accelerated nicely from the first quarter. Market shares for Latin America increased year-to-date in toothpaste, shampoo, liquid cleaners, dish washing liquid and fabric conditioners. Our regional toothpaste share is at 75.7% year-to-date, up 70 basis points, and the highest level in four years despite competitive entries during that time period. In Brazil, our year-to-date share is up 40 basis points to almost 72%, while in Mexico our year-to-date share increased 70 basis points to 81%. Our Home Care business in Mexico is extremely strong; dish liquid shares are at 52.2% year-to-date, up almost 3 points; liquid cleaner shares are at 33.5% year-to-date, up 80 basis points; and fabric conditioner shares are at 48.6% year-to-date, up almost 2 points. In the dish category, the launch of Axion Complete exceeded expectations. And our very successful Thank You Mom campaign behind Suavitel, our leading fabric conditioner, helped to further strengthen that brand equity. Our innovation pace will continue in the second half. Colgate Luminous White Advanced toothpaste will be rolled out throughout the region. This is Colgate's most advanced whitening toothpaste available in Latin America. It intensifies the white of your teeth three shades whiter with a unique formula that uses the same ingredient dentists use. Accompanying the toothpaste will be re-launches of Colgate Luminous White mouthwash and toothbrush. In the Personal Care category, we will be expanding the distribution of Protex Complete 12, a range of bar soap, liquid hand soap and body wash that provides long-lasting antibacterial protection and offers 12 times more protection than non-antibacterial bar soap. And in Home Care, we'll be introducing a rinse-free formula to our base Suavitel fabric conditioner business currently available only in premium offerings, which should further enhance our strong number-one position. Moving to Asia. We're pleased with the acceleration of organic sales growth in Asia from the first quarter. In particular, our business in China is performing well and back to solid growth. As we said in the press release, we maintain our strong leadership in toothpaste across the region. In India, our year-to-date share is stable at 54.8%, with the most recent read at 55.1%. And in China, we hold the number-one position at almost 34% year-to-date. Our toothbrush business in the Philippines is strong and growing in the Premium and Super Premium segments. Our year-to-date share is at a record 57.4%, up 70 basis points, with the most recent read at 58.3%. Our Colgate 360 Charcoal Gold toothbrush first launched in China has been successful in this market as well. Our regional share in mouthwash is at a record 23.5% year-to-date, up 60 basis points, with particularly strong performance in the Philippines and Hong Kong. And as elsewhere, more new products are planned for the balance of the year. In China, we will be re-launching our base Colgate Anticavity toothpaste in both the whitening and all-around anti-cavity segment. Elsewhere in the region, we're excited about our Colgate Total Charcoal Deep Clean toothpaste gel, which has a unique antibacterial formula that reduces bacteria on 100% of your mouth surfaces and provides 12-hour protection for a healthier mouth. In toothbrushes, we're introducing a line extension of our Colgate Natural Essences toothbrush, which has lotus-infused bristles. In addition, across the region, we're launching Colgate Kids Spiderman and Barbie toothbrushes with 0.01 millimeter slim tip bristles. Africa/Eurasia. As elsewhere, significant currency headwinds affected our financial results in this division. The good organic sales growth of 4% was price-driven as we took pricing actions to help offset transaction costs. However, with negative 21.5% foreign exchange across the division, we couldn't recoup all the losses. So, it's encouraging that our local businesses are doing well and our market shares are generally solid. Our regional toothpaste share is up 100 basis points to 32.9% year-to-date, with our most recent read at 33%. Notably, our share in Russia increased 2 full points to 33.6% year-to-date, with the most recent read at a record-high 34.1%. Both Colgate Total and Colgate Maximum Cavity Protection plus Sugar Acid Neutralizer toothpastes have performed very well. Colgate Maximum Cavity Protection was launched in early 2015 and it's already reached almost 1 full share point nationally and has garnered 1.2 share points in the modern trade. In Turkey, our share increased 120 basis points to 26.6% year-to-date. And in South Africa, our share was up 60 basis points to 50.3% year-to-date. Our toothbrush share is up in the 15 countries to 16 countries, which represent over 99% of our toothbrush business in the division. In Russia, incremental listings in the country's largest retailer have contributed to year-to-date share increase of 240 basis points to 47.2% with the most recent read at 47.7%. And in Turkey, our very successful Colgate Slim Soft toothbrush has helped grow our share by 150 basis points to 28.3% year-to-date. Our regional bar soap share is up 290 basis points to 22.6% year-to-date, driven by gains in our two top markets; South Africa and Russia. More innovation is planned for the second half of the year. We will be refreshing both our base business Sensitive toothpaste as well as launching our Premium Colgate Optic White toothpaste with new and more impactful graphics. In South Africa, where we have a strong Protex business, we will introduce Protex Complete 12 ourselves, which provide 12 times more germ protection and offers long-lasting anti-germ action. And finally, Hill's; we're pleased with Hill's strong organic sales performance in the quarter. The business is on track and innovation is driving both the domestic and international business. Our unique weight-loss product, Prescription Diet Metabolic Canine and Feline food is gaining share globally. We recently introduced a stew product along with the dry, and that has accelerated growth in the wet segment. The product comes in a new global packaging design and has been supported with a global testimonial campaign as well as print and online media. Adding to this successful innovation in April of this year was Prescription Diet Metabolic Plus Mobility Canine food and Metabolic Plus Urinary Feline food. These new foods, which are nutritionally formulated for concurrent health conditions, have been the primary focus of our 2015 pet conferences. Another global success in the Prescription Diet line has been upgrade of our k/d formula for kidney care diet in cats. Cats with renal conditions typically suffer a loss of appetite, so it's difficult to get them to eat the food, which will help them improve their conditions. This product contains our new EAT Technology Enhanced Appetite Trigger, which improves appetite while helping to both preserve lean muscle mass and increase energy. The feedback from vets has been excellent, and we've received excellent testimonials from clients and the veterinary healthcare teams. As you expect, we have more innovation planned for the balance of the year. To keep the momentum in our Prescription Diet business, in the third quarter in the U.S., we're beginning to roll out a Prescription Diet i/d sensitive, the first product in the GI segment for food sensitivity, free of wheat, gluten, lactose, and soy proteins. A trial program and pet parent guide helps veterinarians and pet parents to see the difference this food makes. These are part of the complete IMC bundle, with trade ads, printed and e-detailers, as well as in clinic seminars. A new products in our Science Diet line is Urinary Hairball Control Feline food, the only wellness food that addresses the two most common conditions in healthy cats. The launch this month in the U.S. is supported to the PetSmart store associate feeding program as well as from Petco's whole pet specialists. So in summary, we are pleased with the way 2015 is progressing, particularly in light of the macroeconomic challenges that we and other space around the world. We're committed to investing in the business in order to drive solid organic sales growth and global market shares. We will continue to focus on brand building innovation as well as our worldwide productivity programs. Colgate people around the world are implementing our effective strategies, which we expect will allow us to continue to deliver solid results, and we look forward to sharing these results as we go through the balance of the year. And now, Jessica, that's the end of my prepared remarks. I'd like to turn it over to questions.
Operator: Thank you. Today's question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically for the telephone audience. We ask as well that you limit yourself to one question in return that to the queue to allow everyone the opportunity to ask their questions. We'll now go to Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Sir, your line is open.
Jason M. English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey. Good morning, folks. Thanks for the question.
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Jason.
Jason M. English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Bina, you kind of closed at your prepared remarks talking about continue to focus on driving solid sales growth in market shares and certainly as you ran through the market shares performance, it's indeed impressive. But looking through the belly of the P&L and particularly gross profit, the leakage of cost inflation, which I know includes FX, and I suspect it's predominantly FX-related remains sizable. How do you wrestle with the balance of getting more price to cover some of that, even if it comes at the expense of some near-term market share versus continue to drive the market share? And do you think you're at the right balance right now? Or should you be leaning a little more towards price?
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, thanks for the question, Jason. We didn't rehearse this, but it's a perfect lead-in to some remarks I was wanting to make to put the gross profit in context, tell you to exactly your question, how we are thinking about that balance over the rest of the year and then probably I'll just go through the gross margin roll forward to save time, somebody else asking the question. I think to begin with, it goes without saying that 2015 is a volatile year, and characterized as we all know by economic challenges in many parts of the world, and I think very specifically as Bina mentioned, a continued strengthening of the U.S. dollar, which accelerated across the second quarter; and in fact has continued to strengthen with the current rates, we're seeing into the third quarter. And so, as you put it, we are very well pleased with the continued strong; in fact, accelerating organic growth in our business and we see that overall having a healthy balance between volume and pricing, which is a balance one tries to maintain. Indeed, as we look across each of our four business categories, we see a healthy balance between volume and price. And I would say at this stage that we are still expecting top line organic growth for the full-year to be in the 4% to 7% range. Now, when you step back from that and say what is making that work, we think it's three things; our innovation is clearly working, and it is broad and it is lined up well for the future. We believe, as we have said before that our commercial programs, which is a combination of traditional advertising and trade spending are effective and that together the strength of our innovation and the effectiveness of those commercial programs are seeing market shares growing quite broadly. So, in sum, our strategy is delivering strong brand led growth and double-digit EPS increases on a currency neutral basis. Now, as you rightly say, our gross margin in the quarter was pressured more than expected, despite the fact that we realized good pricing, that as you will see when I go through the gross margin roll forward we had good continued delivery of strong Funding the Growth and restructuring savings. Indeed, we offset year-to-date to the dollar impact of the cost increases so far this year. But in the second quarter specifically, we face three unanticipated negative impacts on our material costs. Obviously, we expected a meaningful impact from foreign exchange transaction costs, but we did incur the incremental costs of the faster than forecast foreign exchange deterioration. We saw in several high inflation emerging markets, including Venezuela, an increase in local material costs in the quarter. And finally, while not a significant factor in the overall gross margin decline, we did see additional material cost increases in Venezuela due to a slowdown in dollars received at the official rate. Now, what to do over the balance of the year? As you would expect, our planned response is additional pricing; and as I said on the last call, as we think about pricing we try and maintain this balance between volume and price. In some situations, Africa, Eurasia, as Bina mentioned, where the exchange impact is so significant, we take extremely aggressive action and, indeed, concede volume to get price and stabilize the business. In other parts of the world, we seek to maintain a balance, but regardless of approach, additional pricing is planned for the balance of the year. Clearly, we will redouble our focus on Funding the Growth, and we intend to take full advantage of generally weakening commodity materials pricing, which on the last call we said would really begin to benefit towards the end of the second quarter. So, those are our three responses. We believe we have planned them in a way that will allow us the maintenance of the top line growth in that 4% to 7% range. And now, our thinking for the year, we'll see a sequential improvement in gross margin across the balance of the year; and for the full-year, an increase of 10 basis points to 30 basis points. So, let me go from that to the gross profit roll forward. So, if we take the second quarter, we start with the prior year at 58.8%, we pick up a one point benefit from pricing, we pick up 2.2 points of favorable from Funding the Growth and the modest contribution from restructuring. We take a negative impact of 3.5 points of material prices, which traced back to the unexpected impacts I just referenced, 20 basis points of other, which gets you to the 58.3% in the quarter, the 50 basis points decline. So, that's how we're thinking about it. And as you rightly say, one is trying always to find a good balance between the top line growth and the recovery of the ratio in gross margin. And we think we have that in the plan for the balance of the year. Thanks for the question.
Operator: We'll now go to Steve Powers with UBS.
Stephen R. Powers - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thank you. A question on Venezuela, actually, Ian, following up on some of things you just mentioned. Clearly it's a topic that comes up every time you visit with us in one form or another. You obviously continue to account for CP Venezuela at the SICAD rate. Many others have either shifted to SIMADI or else chosen to deconsolidate, as we saw from P&G this morning. So I know there are legal and accounting guidelines that dictate the appropriate treatment of Venezuela, but I'm wondering how much discretion there is on those matters because, at some level, it feels like kind of taking the hit, so to speak, and moving on would provide some benefit, especially if your access to dollars is decelerating, as you mentioned in response to Jason's question.
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I wasn't necessarily expecting it as the second question, but I think we were expecting a remark or two on Venezuela. I think the first thing I would say in terms of the breadth of information that we provide on Venezuela, we have I think over time been providing increasing disclosure in our Qs and Ks. And I think you will find that continues to be the case when you read the Q on this quarter. As may know or you will now know, for the first six months of this year, Venezuela represented about 4% of our revenue and 2% of base business operating profit for the six months ended in June. And we do provide in the Q the detail of the net monetary assets that we hold of just over $600 million and the non-monetary assets that we hold of just under $300 million that could be subject to impairment. We also provide information as to the effect on that if we had to go to the SIMADI rate, which would see us with a charge of about $340 million after-tax or $0.37 per diluted share. And that would also likely lead to an impairment of our non-monetary assets. And we also provide, as we have done for some time, Colgate's total investment in Venezuela, which is about $1 billion. Now, the reason we continue to manage Venezuela the way we do, first of all, we have for 2014 and into 2015 been receiving dollars and are able to operate our business even though, as you say, that has become a little bit more volatile in the second quarter. Second, each company has its own facts and circumstances. And we still understand that our dividends would be remitted at the SICAD rate and, therefore, that's why we translate the business at that. And of course, we moved to the SICAD away from the official rate, so it is a little bit more conservative. But as you rightly indicate, Venezuela is a period-to-period assessment. You will see in our Q that our conclusion at the end of the second quarter is that we will maintain the translation rate we have and that we will continue to consolidate that business and we will specific to our facts and circumstances, as we always do, to continue to revisit that quarter-upon-quarter.
Operator: And we'll now take a question from Bill Schmitz with Deutsche Bank.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, Bina and Ian. Good morning.
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: How easily they forget.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Can you just talk about structurally how you view advertising? Because it seems like your market shares aren't impacted at all by the pullback, and maybe it's like a share of voice issue because maybe the guys are pulling back as well. But maybe structurally could that advertising ratio be lower going forward because it's not having much of an impact on your market share trends?
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I'll resist repeating the last man standing comment, Bill. But in terms of advertising, as I have said before, we build our programs from the ground up, and we're very much focused on what it takes to maintain awareness of our base business, build awareness of new innovations and build trial and go on and repeat, given the quality of our products for the new products that we bring to the marketplace. As you rightly say or suggest, and we have seen and we talked about it on the last call, we have seen many competitors in several significant markets around the world substantially pull back on traditional advertising and, therefore, we can accomplish our strategic objectives and not lose competitive presence on the ground. And as we've tried to express before, a lot of what you can do at the retail level today is far more sophisticated and strategic than maybe 10 years ago. And we make no apology for choosing to construct our marketing programs with good reliance on both. We talk about integrated marketing communications and we talk about reaching consumers at all touch points, which of course does, yes, include traditional television and digital, but also includes the retail, dental professional, veterinary professional environments that shape their purchasing decisions. I would not project seeing our advertising levels decline meaningfully. In fact, as we think about this year, we expect to be up on a local currency basis and probably at about the same level as last year on a ratio basis. But we'll obviously again as we go forward look at what it takes to build the engagement without consumers to keep growing market share and therefore our brands and therefore the top line of the company.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks. And then, can I just ask you, are you shipping to consumption now in most of the markets? So, is it stocking largely done?
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you for the one question. The...
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: It's a short one.
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: In China, as we said on the last call, in fact, the consumption was mid-single-digits. We suggested, I think, that the second quarter was off to a good start in China and that we expected to be back to consumption. You, I think, can see that in the Asia numbers. China is back to consumption, and as Bina mentioned, we saw a bounce back in Brazil, and when we look at our categories in Latin America, including Brazil, the growth rates of the categories is around that mid-single-digits level; so we would say, you know, that's the expected environment going forward. In fact, to comment for the emerging markets, mid-single-digits for the U.S., about 2% on average or the spread is 1% to 3% depending on the categories; and Europe at the same, 0% to 2% range bound level it's been in for some time.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: We'll now take a question from Chris Ferrara with Wells Fargo.
Christopher Ferrara - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you. Good morning.
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Chris.
Christopher Ferrara - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Ian, I guess that's a perfect transition to Brazil. The last time we were talking about Brazil intra-quarter and in last quarter's call, you weren't particularly optimistic about it. The recovery there, though, your volumes, your organic was up nicely. I guess can you talk about what's changed? Has it been the category growth rates or is it  it doesn't look like it was an acceleration of share based on what you said, but I'd just love any commentary you can offer up there?
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Our share is up. I mean, Bina talked about the year-to-date. The latest period is over 72%, as I said last time, who's looking? I think, fundamentally, Chris, it has to do with the category. I think we were prudent the last time we spoke, because the country was in a state of short-term dislocations; and in fact I had just come back from Brazil and so felt it up close and personal, and we thought it was better to take a more prudent stance for the balance of the year, until we saw the category growth rates come through. I would say that has now stabilized. We expected to provide an update at the end of the second quarter, and we're able to do so, and I think we can say that the underlying consumer consumption now in our categories in Brazil is back to that broad mid-single-digits growth rates. So, it traces specifically to the category growth.
Christopher Ferrara - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll now go to Bill Chappell with SunTrust.
William B. Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning.
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Bill.
William B. Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Hey. Just going back to Latin America, just wanted to  and maybe I can't do the algebra; but on unit growth, it looks like it was flat excluding, I guess, the acquisitions year-over-year, and it said it was partially hurt by Venezuela. I mean, would it have been up meaningfully without Venezuela? And do you expect unit growth to kind of start to bounce back as we move through the year?
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, again, I think we were very pleased with the organic growth, to save Ali the trouble when he comes on, we don't break out Venezuela; but our volume growth in Latin America, we see as coming back, but we were quite happy with the trade-off we made to price relative to volume in this quarter to an earlier question. The volume ex-Venezuela was indeed more positive than you see for the division, but by a multiple. Did we lose everybody?
Operator: No, your line is still open.
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Do we have no more questions?
Operator: I guess, Mr. Chappell, your line is still open.
William B. Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Oh, I'm sorry. I thought that was  yeah. So, it was just to clarify, you do expect unit growth. It's just a matter  and Venezuela did kind of wipe away all of the unit growth this quarter?
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Venezuela depressed the division's unit growth, yes.
William B. Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. And but even with incremental price increases, unit growth should bounce back going forward?
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
William B. Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: We'll now go to Caroline Levy with CLSA.
Caroline S. Levy - CLSA Americas LLC: Thank you so much. Good morning. I'm just wondering...
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Caroline.
Caroline S. Levy - CLSA Americas LLC: Could you dig in a little bit on Russia, where P&G had really, really awful June results, I believe, I think down 57%, just very difficult times? And also comment generally on whether some of your foreign competitors are behaving differently, given they don't have the dollar currency issues you have?
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I really don't want to start getting into detail by countries; but suffice it to say, we did not have the declines in Russia that some others are quoting. Our market shares in Russia are strong and growing. And we, of course, have taken some fairly significant pricing across that division, but very specifically to Russia, given the foreign exchange impact, actually, our toothbrush here in Russia was up two points. So, is back to the opening remarks, really, and that is, yes, we are taking pricing as we need to. We're focusing on Funding the Growth, we're focusing on the Global Growth and Efficiency program, but we're also focusing on building our brands and building our market shares. And I would say the progress in Russia fits that model.
Caroline S. Levy - CLSA Americas LLC: And just on foreign competitors, are you seeing them, you know, enter any markets anew or do anything differently, the ones you don't have a dollar exposure?
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I think most everybody is hurt a little bit by the Russian circumstance. We certainly don't see any irrational behavior the other way, no.
Caroline S. Levy - CLSA Americas LLC: Sorry. I didn't mean specific to Russia. I mean, in general.
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Oh. You know, again, you see pockets of increased activity. You see pockets of decreased activity. I would characterize the global landscape as business as usual.
Caroline S. Levy - CLSA Americas LLC: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from Ali Dibadj from Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hey, guys.
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Ali, Ali, Ali, don't shout at me.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Why? Do I shout?
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No, no, no.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: You're listening to our previous call?
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I was reading the transcript. Yeah.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: I just state the truth. That's all I try to do. So, on advertising spend, you know, it's the fifth quarter in a row where we've seen it down. What we see, at least, understand the gross to net, but what we see in particular is down in Latin America and Africa/Eurasia, and I can't pretend to say that if you decline, you know, reduce advertising spend in those regions you'll get an immediate response, but you did see flat volume in Latin America understanding on the price/mix that you got or the price parts you got. Africa/Eurasia was down 3%, which is some of the worst we've seen. And I get the share of voice comments. Our share voice isn't lower. It's actually higher and that's why we're gaining share. As your senior brethren are feeling quite some pain as well. But what's happened to the category? So, what's the category responsibility? I mean, maybe share voices isn't the right metric, because the category itself should be, could be growing a little bit faster going forward. So, I wanted to get your thoughts on that a little bit. And I know it's only one question, but as a clarification on the gross margin that you described earlier on, if you would, please? So, the gross margin guidance is down to like 80 basis points at the high end, but you're still to kind of negative low single-digit EPS growth number? I'm trying to get a better understanding what the offsets are just staying in that low single-digits or is it just kind of worst low single-digits, when you describe it for the year? Thanks very much.
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, the first question is a very broad question. To be clear, I'm not saying that our share of voice is necessarily higher by market. I'm saying that if you use that as the measure of consumer engagement, which is a questionable hypothesis, even though, it gives you a number, we have remained competitive. And back to the comment we made earlier, you know, our objective is to make sure we have brand awareness of our base business and build trials for new businesses. And we believe the spend levels we have do that. If you look at the category rates of growth, I would argue that growing categories is a lot more complicated than simply media pressure. Obviously, in our advertising we do the educational work, but sometimes perhaps we don't talk about it enough or people don't focus on it enough, but how you go to market, the depth of distribution you build, the sizing pricing you have in your portfolio, indeed, the price points you have in your portfolio amplified by price both at the low-end and the high-end creates access points for people to come into and stay in a category. And we put an awful lot of pressure and effort to making sure we construct our portfolio the right way in order to keep the category penetration up and keep the growth rates of the categories at healthy levels. And all of that you see in the portfolio choices we make, the sizing pricing choices we make, the distribution gains we get, right down to the furthest rural areas, and that is very much a driver on sustaining a category growth. Now, it's a very big discussion, Ali, and I'm not trying to trivialize it. I'm just trying to suggest there are more factors that come to bear than just advertising. And then to come to your second point. And some of you have already started to indicate this, so let me try and respond to the question and be clear. As we said in our release, at current spot rates, we continue to expect a low-single digit earnings per share decline on a dollar basis, excluding, of course, the restructuring and the other charges we highlighted in the release. Now to be clear, low-single digit earnings decline range, dollar earnings decline range, is minus 1% to minus 3%. And in as much as we have seen continued significant deterioration in foreign exchange rates over the course of the second quarter and since we last spoke, we would expect to be at the more negative end of that range, which would still reflect a double-digit increase on a currency neutral basis.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thanks for being clear.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now take John Faucher with JPMorgan.
John A. Faucher - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Ian, if you look at the gross margin reconciliation that you did, obviously a huge hit on the raw material standpoint. You talked about raw materials sort of beginning to trend more favorably in June, I think you said in your commentary. So, as we look at the transactional piece of that versus the general, let's say, dollar-based raw material inflation, how should we see those things changing as we look out over the next six months to 12 months and that starts to flow in? So, I guess can you give us some direction in terms of how much of that transactional piece you'll be able to offset just with the more favorable moves in the underlying raw material rates? Thanks.
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think depending on your view on foreign exchange, we've just given you our view on foreign exchange, that unfortunately is likely to continue. So the benefit will come in the material costs, the commodity costs, over the balance of the year and the increased pricing that we will be taking. So if I give a general view, that's really the way it breaks down.
John A. Faucher - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. So, I guess I was looking for a little bit more of a directional view in terms of excluding the FX, excluding the productivity, just how big can the swing in the raw material benefit be, even if it's just directional over the next several quarters?
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, that was the detail I didn't want to and still don't want to give.
John A. Faucher - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We'll now go to Olivia Tong with Bank of America.
Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. First just following up on John's question. The gross margin outlook, while down from prior expectations implies a very big acceleration in the second half. And you mentioned plans for more pricing, so that's part of it. But can you talk through some of the other key drivers like Funding the Growth and some of the cost savings programs that will help drive that meaningful improvement in the back half margins?
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Olivia, clearly it really is a combination of the factors that I raised before, which is more pricing, more Funding the Growth, more favorable underlying commodity pricing and maybe a little bit of Global Growth and Efficiency as well. And then you've maybe got the mix aspect of our business that could provide a factor as well. But the real drivers will be pricing, will be Funding the Growth, underlying commodity costs and maybe a touch from Global Growth and Efficiency, as we have seen before.
Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. And then on North America, why does there seem to be more volatility on pricing in North American than all your other regions? Because results last quarter and then it reversed to be down this quarter. So, what's driving that difference?
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, the biggest single difference, Olivia, is couponing. Couponing is a very effective draw mechanism in the U.S., used more in the U.S. than any other geography around the world, and of course, goes into trade spending. Bina mentioned some of the new products that we have been introducing, and we have obviously been trying to build trial of those new products and, therefore, you invest in couponing and you see it in the volume growth of the business. So you're always going to see North America is a little bit more lumpy quarter-on-quarter because of that difference in the go-to-market.
Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: We'll now take our next question from Mark Astrachan with Stifel.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thanks. Good morning, everybody.
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Mark.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I wanted to ask, as you go around the world, which geographies are you seeing the most impact from local or regional competition? And how do you think about changes in go-to-market strategy to compensate, if any? And thoughts or current updates on a different way of actually going to market? How are you embracing internet, where applicable, and so forth?
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I would say local competitors are a factor around the world. I guess they've been often discussed by several folk in China. Certainly, we see them in Latin America. And your best way of responding and the way we try to respond is to understand the consumer and make sure that the innovation we're providing is competitive against the benefit or the product offering the local competitor is providing. And then secondly when you mention go-to-market, it is often the case with the local competitor that they have a particular infrastructure that can build downtrade distribution and a lot of activity, again, at retail level, and you just need to be effective in making sure that your products are available at an equal weight to that competitor and that you have the same degree of activity at retail level to compete with them. Now, China is an interesting example where our market share over the last several years has gone up from 29% to 34%. One of our principal competitors has come down from 25% to under 14%. And another has come down from 12% to high-single digit and the local competitor has really taken the difference. So without making one example a predictor for the world, I think it demonstrates we have managed to defend and continue to grow our business quite well. But, it comes down to product offering, and the strength of your go-to-market, particularly down trade and particularly activity at retail.
Operator: We'll now go to Javier Escalante with Consumer Edge Research.
Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Good morning, everyone, Ian, Bina.
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Javier.
Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research LLC: A quick question with regards to Hill's. Very good number, the 7%. It seems like the growth at least in your 10-Q, you say that the Prescription Diet category, more like the veterinary side of the business, it was the most meaningful contribution. I had expected because last year we had this problem at the PetSmart specialty stores kind of outlets that it would be the other way around. So, if you can explain the dynamics of the pet food market with the entry of this Blue Buffalo as a publicly traded company, are they promoting more how  what is happening in the specialty stores? And how sustainable this growth is in the veterinarian channel? Thank you.
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I guess, the simple answer is they both grew. And the reason for the growth was driven by innovation, both on the Prescription Diet line and the Science Diet line. The appearance of Blue Buffalo in the pet super stores is not a new thing. They have been there for a long while. And our presence in those stores, our activities in those stores has not been affected. So, we saw very good growth, and as we have tried to say several times on calls, one of the big differences we were striving for was a stream of innovation on Hill's, so that it was not episodic, but that we had a flow of innovation both on the Science Diet business and the Prescription Diet business, and we think we have that. I mean, who couldn't love innovation that has Enhanced Appetite Trigger built into it? I bet the Petco for that. So, it's driven by innovation. Now where Blue Buffalo will be new is in the more therapeutic side of the business. They have announced two entries in only two segments. One is gastrointestinal. You'll remember from Bina's remarks that we are going to market with a very compelling gastrointestinal product right now with the Prescription Diet line, so I come back to the innovation. We think it's strong, and we think it will see us well with our very elevated share with the vets, which as you rightly say, continue to grow in the second quarter. So, we think we're well-positioned with both, Javier.
Operator: We'll now take a question from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Lauren.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hello. I was just, a couple of things. One is on  I know it's very clear mathematically that the SG&A have to be sort of the plug with the lower gross margin outlook, but I was wondering if that is really sourced from the restructuring savings, if it's an acceleration, what you're tapping into to kind of be able to offset some of the gross margin impact. And then the second thing was, is it reasonable to assume that some of the gross margin impact, it's just the timing issue like the pricing that will be coming through to the balance of the year, as you get into 2016 will kind of make up some of this incremental pressure you're seeing on commodities because of FX?
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Could you repeat the second question, Lauren?
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yeah. Sorry. I realized as I was talking I was getting really unclear. So, the transactional impact on commodity costs, which I think is sort of what you were saying in Venezuela, is the timing of the pricing the issue? That it's not that you're not going to price to recover this incremental pressure, it's just we can't get it in fast enough to cover the impact this year, but as you go into next year, it starts to catch up?
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I mean, correct. We've always had this situation. I tried to say earlier in response to a question, in some cases, Russia would be a classic example where a crisis emerges. You take very aggressive pricing and accept the fallout on the volume just to stabilize the business. In other cases, you simply can't take pricing quickly enough, and intelligently manage the balance between volume price and therefore the top line growth in response to transaction, which hits you the minute you exchange slides. So, our pricing benefit from that will be progressive over the balance of the year, and you are correct, will continue into 2016. So, as we look at the balance of the year, yes, it is to do with the Global Growth and Efficiency program; and as I said, advertising will be broadly in line with last year. You may recall the last time we spoke from a ratio point of view, you may recall the last time we talked about it being up. So, heavily led by Global Growth and Efficiency, and I think you could say a moderation, again, we still think by our share and our top line delivery competitive for the moderation and the advertising over the back half.
Operator: And we'll now take Iain Simpson from SocGen. Go ahead.
Iain E. Simpson - Socit Gnrale SA (Broker): Thank you very much. We've seen increased commodity, volatility and also increased currency volatility of late. And you've sort of talked about how your attitudes took pricing and trade spend change in response to that. Have you seen anything unusual from any of your global competitors and how they prioritize the balance of their spending? Is the landscape moving more towards trade spend or advertising? Or if you could just give us some color on the dynamics there? Thank you very much.
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Well, first of all, it's a great name. But in response to the question, as we answered the previous question, I would say from a global point of view, no, you know, no substantial difference. I mean, if you go country-by-country around the world, you see different approaches from different competitors that you have to react to, but no overarching strategy that sees a significant change, no.
Operator: And that was our final question. I would like to turn the conference back to the speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No. Thank you very much, Jessica. Thank you all who joined the call and your interest in the company, and as we always say at this time, thank you especially to the Colgate people who make it all happen. Bye-bye.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Delia H. Thompson - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Ian M. Cook - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
Analysts: Nik Modi - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley, Research Division John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Olivia Tong - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Stephen Powers - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Caroline S. Levy - CLSA Limited, Research Division William B. Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Joseph Nicholas Altobello - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division Eddy Hargreaves - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research, LLC Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgatepalmolive.com. Today's conference will include forward-looking statements. These statements are made on the basis of our views and assumptions as of the first time and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual events or results may differ materially from these statements. So for information about certain factors that could cause such differences, investors should consult our most recent annual report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on our website, including the information set forth under the captions Risk Factors and Cautionary Statements on Forward-Looking Statements. This conference will also include a discussion on non-GAAP financial measures, which differ from our results prepared in accordance with GAAP. We will discuss organic sales growth, which is net sales growth, excluding foreign exchange, acquisitions and derivatives. We will also discuss gross profit, gross profit margin, SGA, SG&A as a percentage net -- of net sales, operating profits, operating profit margin, net income and earnings per share on a diluted basis, excluding the impact of items described in the press release. A full reconciliation with the corresponding GAAP measures is included in the press release and is posted in the For Investors section of our website at www.colgatepalmolive.com. Just a reminder, there may be a slight delay before the question-and-answer session begins due to the web simulcast. Now for opening remarks, I'd like to turn the conference over to Senior Vice President and Investor Relations, Bina Thompson. Please go ahead, Bina.
Delia H. Thompson: Thank you, Danny, and good morning, everybody, and welcome to our first quarter 2015 earnings conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, Chairman, President and CEO; Dennis Hickey, CFO; Victoria Dolan, Corporate Controller; and Elaine Paik, Treasurer. We're pleased with how this year has started out, with solid organic sales growth and encouraging growth margin improvement despite the major currency headwinds we have been facing. Our business is on track. And as Ian said in this morning's press release, our anticipated full year earnings per share decline reflects a double-digit increase on a currency-neutral basis, of course, excluding restructuring charges. And as you'll hear in more detail shortly, we made very good market share progress across categories and divisions. This is a result of ongoing innovation around the world, supported by a healthy level of advertising. And while our reported advertising was down absolutely versus the year-ago quarter, the 10.6% level as a percent of sales is up meaningfully from the fourth quarter 2014 level of 9.7% and compares to a level in last year's first quarter of 11.1%, the highest for last year. And as we've said on many occasions, it's the combination of this reported advertising and our very impactful in-store activities which drive volume and market share growth. And our efforts in the area of efficiency continued to pay off, with our Funding the Growth initiatives off to a very good start. In fact, it's the strongest first quarter we've had in that area in some time. In addition, our Global Growth and Efficiency Program is on track and delivering the savings we had projected. And as referenced in the press release, our balance sheet is strong. Working capital levels are below last year. So let's turn to the divisions, starting with North America. Our North American business continues to grow. As mentioned in the press release, our year-to-date market share is up in toothpaste and manual toothbrushes. In addition, it's up in mouthwash, body wash, liquid hand soap and fabric conditioner. In the toothpaste whitening category, the February launch of Colgate Optic White Platinum Express White has added incremental share. Our year-to-date share for whitening is 5.8%, which grew to 6.8% in March. Part of our successful integrated marketing campaign included the use of YouTube beauty experts to engage our millennial consumer. Another 2015 toothpaste innovation is Colgate Enamel Health Multi-Protection toothpaste, which includes premium packaging. In the body wash category, our year-to-date share is up over a full point to almost 10%. Our February launches of both Irish Spring Signature For Men and Softsoap Fresh & Glow have contributed to these results. And our liquid hand soap share is at 31.4% year-to-date, with the most recent share at 33.1%, largely driven by the Softsoap Fragrant Foaming Collection. We're also very pleased with our Tom's of Maine business, which is growing very strongly. Innovation as well as increased distribution have played a role. We're getting good traction with our recent launch of a line of baby products. Our in-store execution has been excellent, including a very impactful Earth Day event. And you'll hear about more new products later in the year. So let's turn then to Europe/South Pacific. Momentum is strong across this division, and market shares are growing. Our strong organic volume growth of 5.5% is the highest in almost 5 years. Our year-to-date market share is up in toothpaste, manual toothbrushes, liquid hand soap, shower gel and fabric conditioner. Our year-to-date toothpaste share is at 36.4%, up 40 basis points, with the most recent reading at 37%. Toothpaste innovation this quarter includes Colgate Total Daily Repair. This new product helps reverse early damage for better oral health. It's an everyday multi-benefit toothpaste with proactive repair benefits and is priced at a premium to the base business. In the whitening category, we're launching Colgate Max White for men with powerful stain removal for whiter teeth. And more toothpaste innovation is planned for the second half of this year. Our manual toothbrush share is up 2 full points to 26.9% on a year-to-date basis, with the most recent share at 27.2%. And innovative products such as Colgate 360 and Colgate Slim Soft toothbrushes reported by excellent in-store execution have helped drive these results. The U.K. and Australia had particularly good performance, with year-to-date toothbrush shares up 660 basis points and 240 basis points, respectively, clearly strengthening already robust leadership positions. In the Personal Care category, we're also launching a new men's variance, Palmolive Men Fresh Care. This is a 3-in-1 product, which combines a face, body and hair wash in one convenient package. We told you last quarter about a new line under the Sanex brand, Sanex ADVANCED. This has had excellent trade acceptance and in-store implementation. We expect that share results should follow soon. Our year-to-date fabric conditioner share is up 80 basis points to 27.4%, with the most recent period at 27.7%. This was helped by the launch of Soupline Paradise Sensations, which brings new trends to the fabric conditioner category with its powerful bundle impact and sophisticated fragrances. The pipeline of products moving forward is strong, with the relaunch of Soupline Perfect Glide and Magic Moments, offering easy ironing and superior long-lasting fragrance. The new premium look with outstanding on-shelf impact and a high-performing formula commands a premium price. Turning then to Latin America. Organic sales growth was strong in this region, despite a strong year-ago comparison. And as elsewhere, premium innovation has helped drive results. Our regional toothpaste share is up 150 basis points to 77.7% on a year-to-date basis, with good gains in many countries. In Brazil, we're up 40 basis points year-over-year to 71.7%, while our nearest competitor has seen sequential declines in the last 3 bimonthly share periods. In Mexico, we're up 110 basis points to 80.6% and this despite continued promotional pressure from some of our competitors. In manual toothbrushes, premium offerings such as Colgate 360 and Colgate Slim Soft have contributed to share growth in many countries. In Mexico, our leadership share increased 80 basis points to 43.1% on a year-to-date basis, widening the gap between our nearest competitor to 150 basis points. In Colombia, our year-to-date share increased 30 basis points to 46.7%. In bar soap, the year has started strong, with the division holding market leadership at 30.7%. Both equities, Palmolive and Protex, continued to be the #1 and #2 brands across Latin America. And we achieved record high shares in Mexico, Colombia and Guatemala. Our market-leading fabric conditioner business in Mexico expanded its market share by 50 basis points to 47.2% on a year-to-date basis. Newly launched Suavitel Aroma Intense achieved a 1.4% share in the direct trade in the first quarter. And a new smaller base business size helped compete with low-priced local competitors in the bodega retail environment. Innovation in Latin America continues this quarter across categories. To build on our success in the whitening category, we are launching Luminous White Advanced toothpaste in Brazil. This is Colgate's most advanced whitening toothpaste, which intensifies the white of your teeth 3 shades whiter. Its unique formula contains the same ingredient dentists use, and you can feel it working while you brush. As a companion product, we will offer Colgate 360 Luminous White toothbrush, with stain-erasing cups and a 2x whitening action. In the mid-tier segment and as a companion to our Colgate Maximum Cavity Protection plus Neutrazucar toothpaste, we are relaunching Colgate Zig Zag Maximum Cavity Protection toothbrush. The product has multi-angled bristles and a flexible neck which help with plaque removal. And in the Personal Care category, we have just launched a new line under the Protex brand. Protex Complete 12 body wash, hand soap and bar soap, providing long-lasting antibacterial protection. Turning then to Asia. As you've seen, organic sales performance in this region was somewhat muted this quarter. But going forward, we have a full pipeline of new products to reignite growth. In India, our toothpaste share is up 30 basis points to 54.6% on a year-to-date basis, fueled by the launch of Colgate Active Salt and Colgate Max Fresh. In the Philippines, our toothpaste share increased 120 basis points to 60.9%, with the most recent read at 61.2%. Colgate Maximum Cavity Protection toothpaste has achieved almost a 3% share of that market. Our manual toothbrush shares increased in 5 of 10 countries around the region, with our divisional year-to-date share at 29.9%, down modestly from the year-ago period but still the market leading position. And we continue to grow our mouthwash business. Our regional share is up 30 basis points to 24% on a year-to-date basis. In India, Colgate Plax Active Salt and Colgate Plax Visible White helped drive our market share up 100 basis points to 18.2%, while in the Philippines, Colgate Plax Jasmine Tea was a major driver of a 220 basis point increase to 26.8%, with the most recent read at 27.9%. And in the second quarter, the innovation continues. In toothpaste, we will launch Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief Repair & Prevent, which repairs the sensitive areas of teeth and with regular use, provides lasting protection to prevent sensitivity from returning. In the base sensitivity line comes Colgate Sensitive with Sensifoam to reach all areas of the teeth. For the Thai market, we're launching Colgate Salt Charcoal. And as you know, charcoal is an attractive ingredient to consumers in this region based on local insights. In manual toothbrushes, we've just introduced Colgate Slim Soft Gold Charcoal toothbrush, with less than 0.01 millimeters slim tip antibacterial bristles for deep but gentle cleaning. And we're extending charcoal to the value portion of our toothbrush business with Colgate Zig Zag Charcoal toothbrush. In personal care in Thailand, we will launch a line of soap, body wash and hand soap, Protex Omega 3, body wash with Omega 3 essential oil and which washes away 99.9% of bacteria while keeping your skin feeling moisturized. Also in that market, we will introduce Protex Intimate Care feminine wash, the bundle now selling in Brazil. Turning to Africa/Eurasia. Organic sales in this region were strong, building on the momentum we saw as we exited 2014. And innovation has driven these good results across categories. Our regional toothpaste share is up 90 basis points year-to-date to 33.7%, with market share increases in virtually every country. Our share in Russia was up 160 basis points; in South Africa, 120 basis points; and in Turkey, 130 basis points. Similarly, our toothbrush share increased everywhere with the exception of East-West Africa. Shares in Russia, South Africa and Turkey increased 170 basis points, 90 basis points and 50 basis points, respectively. Our bar soap share was also up across the region, up 290 basis points year-to-date. In South Africa, our share increased 180 basis points to 32.4%, thanks to the new products we told you about in previous quarters: Protex Men and Protex African Therapy. And more innovation is planned for this quarter. In toothpaste, we will be launching Colgate Optic White Whiten and Restore. The formula with an active mineral complex and fresh mint flavor provides 1 shade whiter teeth in 1 week while helping to restore enamel strength. And the consumer can have the confidence of always being able to look her best without compromising the health of her mouth. In Russia, following on the success of our Altai Herbs bundle, we will be introducing Colgate Plax Forte Oak Bark & Fir mouthwash. Oak Bark & Fir are attractive ingredients to consumers in this part of the world based on local insights. And in the shower gel category, we are adding a new variant to our successful Palmolive Spa Gourmet line, Mint Shake, with an uplifting mint fragrance and rich creamy formula infused with natural mint extracts that leave your skin feeling pampered. To build on our success in bar soaps, we're launching Protex Complete 12, similar to the bundle launching across Latin America. And Hill's. Hill's solid organic sales growth was a good balance between volume and price, both here and overseas. In addition, it's encouraging that gross profit margin is up year-over-year. As you may recall, we indicated this would indeed happen despite initial costs associated with reformulation of new and existing products. And we're pleased that in the U.S. market, retail consumption in the large format retailers is up nicely. Among the drivers are our new premium Hill's Science Diet offerings, which have been supported in-store with impactful displays and are growing faster than the rest of the Hill's Science Diet line. This quarter, we've begun a 10-week turnaround campaign to support Hill's Science Diet Perfect Weight. The objective here is to educate consumers about pet weight loss, creating awareness and buzz around the product to drive trial. Consumer engagement activities will be both in-store and online. Hill's Ideal Balance also continued to perform well. Hill's Ideal Balance Crafted was launched in the first quarter. This new sub-line with its premium positioning offers authentic ingredients prepared with care. A full support campaign has included new product kits and feeding trials along with online ratings and reviews. The packaging and messaging relaunch of our Hill's Prescription Diet line is off to a good start. Here in the U.S., it's received excellent feedback from the profession. The packaging is seen as being more consumer-friendly with increased and clearer descriptive. And this is now rolling out across Europe. So in summary, we're very pleased with the way 2015 has started out. The momentum we saw as we exited 2014 has continued in many regions of the world. Our new product pipeline is full across all categories, and our ongoing savings programs as well as our Global Growth and Efficiency Program are providing funds to support that robust innovation. And as we implement our Global Growth and Efficiency Program, our people are becoming even more focused on winning on the ground each and every day. We look forward to sharing our progress with you as we go forward through the year. And now, Danny, I'd like to open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Nik Modi with RBC Capital Markets.
Nik Modi - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Ian, I was hoping you could just provide us the quick gross margin bridge. And then the broader question is, from a competitive standpoint, just curious if you could just give us a State of the Union on what you're seeing in some of the key markets in terms of some of the competitor activity. Are you seeing a scale back in some promotion -- promotional spend, especially in some of those markets where one of your competitors has really been making a push over the last 2 to 3 years?
Ian M. Cook: Okay, Nik. Happy to do the gross profit walk-through. So if you take our first quarter, the first quarter of 2014, the gross margin was 58.6%. We pick up a positive benefit of pricing at 1 percentage point. Between Funding the Growth and a very modest contribution from restructuring, we pick up another 170 basis points. And as Bina said in her remarks, you can see that, that places us with a far quicker start on our Funding the Growth in 2015 than we had prior year because of the intense focus we have put there. Material prices were a headwind of 230 basis points, and that was almost wholly a transaction impact. There's another 10 basis points of other, and that gets you to the current year of gross profit of 58.9%. We were very pleased with the 30 basis points improvement we had in the first quarter. Indeed, many external views saw our gross profit coming down because of that foreign exchange transaction impact. And we like to think that the balance we're finding between pricing, between Funding the Growth, between Global Growth and Efficiency, driving our innovation and meeting competitive marketplace needs is allowing us to grow the top line while, at the same time, increasing our gross margin. And as we said on the last call, and it remains true for this year, we expect our gross margin to continue to build across the year. And we still plan to expand that gross margin on the year between 50 and 100 basis points. So I think that captures the gross margin approach and thinking from our side. In terms of the marketplaces, I wouldn't say we have seen anything holistically different. We see in pockets increased promotional activity. We see in other pockets increased couponing activity. And we see in other locations, frankly, an easing in the promotional environment. We do see quite a lot of pullback from our principal competitors in media advertising across the first quarter of the year. And I would say our reaction to it is as our reaction has always been, we balance between driving trial for our innovation and meeting promotional needs when they are there, but at the same time, growing and growing our gross margin. And that continues to be our view of the external environment promotionally for the balance of the year.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Dara Mohsenian.
Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So, Ian, pricing decelerated sequentially on a year-over-year basis in Q1 versus Q4, and I'm just trying to get a sense of what drove that. Are you seeing a more competitive manufacturer environment in terms of promotion as you just talked about? Is it more related to consumer demand elasticity? I guess I would have expected it to build giving greater FX. And then can you talk a little bit about plans in the balance of the year to cover any additional FX pressure?
Ian M. Cook: Yes. We were actually quite pleased with the pricing in the first quarter. You're right. As always, you're balancing your speed of response with what is there in the marketplace and the consumer. We do expect our pricing to build across the year. As you correctly say, we use pricing along with other vehicles to offset that transaction impact of foreign exchange. But I return to the point that I think we're working very hard to maintain that right balance, so we can invest to grow market share and drive the top line while increasing our gross margin. And we feel we started the year in a good place with that 30 margin point expansion, knowing that pricing takes a little bit of time to catch up with the foreign exchange impact. So more pricing across the balance of the year and reiterating the plan to expand our gross margin, again, across the balance of the year to increase by 50 to 100 basis points for the full year.
Operator: We'll take our next question from John Faucher with JPMorgan.
John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: A little bit of a follow-up on Dara's question, Ian, which is more about the mechanics of pricing and especially when you have this much volatility. And so I guess, how do we look at sort of the time frame that it takes to react to some of this emerging market currency volatility in the transactional FX? Is it something where the pricing goes in relatively quickly? Or do you sort of have to wait for things to stabilize as we look at sort of how to balance, again, some of the wild movements in the currency and whether or not if you price for transactional and then the currency moves in your favor, there's an additional spread that works in your favor?
Ian M. Cook: Yes. It's -- in some situations where the marketplace change is significant and dire, we, along with others, tend to take significant pricing steps very quickly. Russia would be a very clear example. In others, we are more balanced in doing it. If I broaden the discussion a little bit and you think about selling price increases, in fact, our selling price increases in the quarter were between 4% and 5%. Then with some of the activities we have at the store level, we spent some of that back. So you end up with the net pricing number, which is what you see at 2.4% and on balance between the two, still grew gross profit by 30 basis points and kept advertising at a healthy level of 10.6%. So that's what we tend to be juggling with as we balance gross pricing with how we execute in the marketplace. And our responsiveness will be as the market dictates, and our balance between the gross and the effective pricing will reflect also marketplace needs. But again, that balance will see our gross margin expand as the year unfolds by 50 to 100 basis points, which sees us with our traditional advertising up absolutely and as a percent of sales on the year.
Operator: From Citi Research, we have Wendy Nicholson.
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: My question was on Hill's. And it looks to me that the operating margin is kind of back to close to an all-time high level, which is awesome. But over the last few years, it seems like when margin has crept up, then you soon thereafter lose share, and there's kind of been a trade-off. And I'm wondering, number one, if you can comment on that and whether there's been more structural change so that we really should think that a 27-plus percent operating margin is sustainable for Hill's, combined with an outlook for top line growth. And also, as the Hill's business sort of expands, I know you've entered some new markets like Eastern Europe and Latin America, I assume you're not opening up manufacturing yet in those places. So is there a risk that there is more transactional cost to the business as currencies move and you don't have local manufacturing for that business specifically?
Ian M. Cook: Yes. The Hill's consumption is very strong. And I think all of these are a balance between the value of the consumer believes that they are paying for and the gross margin that, that delivers. So Bina went through much of the innovation that we can so far talk about on the Hill's business thus far this year, and a large part of that is accretive from a gross margin point of view. So we're creating innovation that is margin-accretive that the consumer is attracted to. So you will remember, when we went through the process of turning Hill's around, we said one of the key strategic things we wanted to do was to make the innovation flow in Hill's sustainable, not episodic. And we have that now. So yes, we do believe, and it was part of our plan when we made the investment in gross margin, that we would return to historical levels. Now from a local country expansion point of view, we're not in any new markets compared to the emerging markets that we had already been in, like Russia, like Brazil, like Mexico, those types of marketplace. And indeed, we do have a transaction burden because we don't make Hill's products in Russia, for example. But all of that is based into our business plan. We make the same pricing adjustments to address the transaction impact on Hill's as we do for the Colgate business. And maybe strategically down the road one day, if we were to invest in capacity, of course, that would give us further margin improvement on those businesses. The other comment I would make is we are finding with Hill's and our engagement with the Hill's consumer that the emotional connection is so rich that you can engage with that consumer through digital vehicles almost entirely because they will spend extraordinarily (sic) [extraordinary] time finding out information, and they will spend extraordinary time with Hill's representatives to take care of their pets. So with that business, in particular, we're building a very efficient model of targeting and reaching the consumer given the emotional investment they have in the category of the brand and, of course, their pet. So long story short, we think it's sustainable.
Operator: From Goldman Sachs, we have Jason English.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I'm looking at Asia, Africa/Eurasia combined. Sort of what you used to report as Greater Asia and Africa. And the organic sales growth blended of 2 1 [ph] is the weakest we've seen since the third quarter of 2014. And it looks like it's really coming on softness in Asia. I noticed in the press release you referenced to volume declines in China. And I think last quarter, you said the destock was behind you. So I was hoping you could just drill a little bit deeper into what's happening in the Asia segment, why price sort of rolled negative, why volume is still relatively soft and, more specifically, what's happening in China.
Ian M. Cook: Yes. Fair questions, Jason. And obviously, your math is correct. And indeed, the country that bears comment is China. And so let me make a few remarks around China because that really is the country, the geography to discuss. I think the first thing to say is that you will remember, we were one of the first to recognize that trade destocking was occurring in the second quarter last year. And we said that destocking process would be completed by the end of 2014, and the trade inventories would be back to balance. And that has happened. The inventory destocking is completed in China. If you look at our consumption in China, which is to say, the consumer's purchases of our products, our quarter 1 consumption was up a healthy mid-single digits, in line with the marketplace. Our January, February market share was up meaningfully from the fourth quarter of 2014 when the destocking ended. And indeed, our local sales in China for the first quarter were up behind that strong consumption, meaningfully, fourth quarter to first quarter. Now the comparison with the first quarter of 2014 is down due to the comparison with what was our highest quarter in 2014, which, again, you will remember was the quarter before the down-stocking occurred. So what I'm saying is our consumption is leading our sales back up. Our market share and that consumption predict continued growth in sales. And I think most importantly, the second quarter in China is off to a brisk start. So consumption is good and that future growth for that business will continue to build.
Operator: We have Olivia Tong with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Olivia Tong - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: First question is just on pricing in North America. It was up for the first time in probably about 2 years. So is the couponing starting to lap? Is competition improving? And then also specifically on pricing in Brazil. Is -- are you planning to raise prices? And I ask in the context of Brazil volume having declined in the March quarter. And then finally on the organic sales outlook for the full year. With the first quarter sort of at the low end of your longer-term outlook in the sort of 4% to 7% range, can you just talk through that a little bit?
Ian M. Cook: Yes. Well, in the U.S., obviously, we were pleased with the pricing pickup in the first quarter. And yes, I would say there has been some modulation in the promotion activity. And indeed, you will remember, the first quarter for us last year was the quarter in which we had launched many, many of our new products. And of course, the couponing behind the trial for those new products would have been in the first quarter of 2014. So there's a timing aspect to that as well. We have, indeed, taken pricing in Brazil. But I would comment on Brazil that it is a different story to China and that the marketplace economic activity and, indeed, our categories worsened since the last time we spoke in January. I don't think that's new news to everyone. It has been widely reported. Pleasingly, as Bina said, our market share, approaching 72%, is up year-on-year. In fact, when I was down there 2 weeks ago, the General Manager said with great pride that it was the highest market share in 19 years. But who's looking? And so our shares continue to be strong, i.e. we're growing faster than the market growth. And as you would imagine, given our experience in Latin America, we're doing a very, shall we say, attentive job of managing our cost structure. But I think it's fair to say that we should expect, and indeed, we are planning for, a slower Brazil marketplace for the balance of this year. Now the organic growth outcome, I think you can do your own math. We provided a range of 4% to 7% because of the choppiness and volatility in our world. And if -- to put that in comparison, that 4% is up against the highest quarter of last year at 6.5%. So the compares ease a little bit as we go forward. And if the China growth returns the way we expect it to, it will clearly move us up that range. So we're still comfortable with the 4% to 7% range, and we'll see how it unfolds quarter-by-quarter.
Operator: And we'll take Steve Powers from UBS.
Stephen Powers - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So I think previously -- this is a little bit of housekeeping maybe. But I think you had called out FX as a 7%, 7.5% headwind to the top line for the year a few months ago and a 10% headwind on the bottom line from a translation standpoint. And I apologize if I missed it, but could you just call out specifically how that's evolved as you see it? Because I'm wondering if the effective 2- to 4-point reduction in all-in EPS is 100% FX versus other factors on the margin like Brazil, which you mentioned. And if I could squeeze in a related follow-up. What would trigger -- on FX, what would trigger a move to the SIMADI rate in Venezuela for you? And how incrementally impactful would you expect it to be on kind of a pro forma 12-month basis? Because it just feels like it's essentially a matter of time before that needs to happen.
Ian M. Cook: Yes. Well, to take the second point which is housekeeping, you will find that broken out in our Q. So we actually provide the calculation where they're a requirement that we do that, which is to say what would the impact on the business be if we were required to go to the SIMADI rate. The foreign exchange impact on the year is around 10%, more or less. It is more on the bottom line as it was in the first quarter. I think top to bottom was 10% and 14% on the first quarter. So it's about a 10% impact on the year. There are no other factors affecting our guidance other than, and I stress, the translation impact of foreign exchange because as you know well, we seek to cover the transaction impact because that is what leads to operating results.
Operator: And we'll take Bill Schmitz with Deutsche Bank.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Can you talk about the growth opportunity in Home Care and Personal Care? Only because like Oral Care is sort of indisputable given your market shares. But it seems like in those categories, there's a lot more local competition and commodities are rolling over. I look at some of the data, I'm not sure the syndicated data is great, but like you look at Home Care in Venezuela, and it was like the business in bolivars was up sort of 50% year-over-year in 2014 versus '13. So I'm just wondering what you think of the outlook there to have that continue to grow and then maybe it's an opportunity because people are exiting the market. So maybe I'm looking at it the wrong way. And since you guys are the last guys standing, maybe it's better than I would have otherwise thought. So any thoughts would be appreciated.
Ian M. Cook: Yes. Well, I don't like being categorized as the last guy standing. And Venezuela is a unique case. So I don't know what data you're seeing, Bill, but our Home Care business is not a focus for us in Venezuela. And indeed, material availability is modest in that business. I think as you heard Bina talk, we're quite pleased with our Home Care and our Personal Care business. Yes, there are more competitors in Personal Care than we find in Oral Care. But if you take Personal Care against the company, Personal Care organic grew around 3% in the first quarter, quite healthy growth. And more competitors means the marketplace is more fragmented, and therefore, you can garner progress because there are simply more players in the space. And I think some of the examples Bina quoted are very good examples of where we're doing precisely that in emerging markets as well as developed markets. So no, we still think there is opportunity for growth in those categories, and we're going after it.
Operator: We'll take Ali Dibadj with Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Just a quick clarification. I just missed something and then to the core question here. I apologize. So you said FX will be a 10% impact on the bottom line. But in the...
Ian M. Cook: No, on the top line.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: On the top line. Okay, fine. Sorry. I missed that. Okay. If you go to kind of the pricing and dig down a little bit further in kind of 2 buckets, one is Asia at negative 1% and then Europe, negative 4.5%, how do you think that goes going forward? So do you think that kind of negative pressure will continue on those marketplaces where it's going down? And then on where the pricing has been driving your overall pricing, so Latin America and Africa/Eurasia, both in kind of 7.5%, 8% range. Both of those, as you comment, are driven by highly inflationary areas. So Venezuela, as an example, in Latin America, call it, 50% or 60% inflation, it's 3% of your business, overall, 10% of that region, Africa/Eurasia, Russia, obviously, the driver there or one of the potential drivers there. And thereto, what do you think the sustainability is of that? And if you were to pull out Venezuela and Russia in those pricings, what would it be? Sustainably both of the negative, so the bad stuff and then potentially the good stuff on pricing.
Ian M. Cook: Wow. Where to start? The -- if we take pricing overall, and you may have missed the response we gave a little bit earlier, we continue to believe we have pricing power. And therefore, the growth pricing we've been able to take is around 4.5%. And we have reinvested some of that in the trade spending activity to grow market share, which, along with the traditional advertising we have invested, have continued to be productive. We are growing market shares broadly, and we are seeing our gross margin expand. We think in terms of the pricing in Africa/Eurasia and Latin America that, that is sustainable. We're not, again, going to talk about Venezuela specifically other than to say when we got pricing in the fourth quarter of last year, so did many of our competitors. And regardless of what the inflation is in a country, in Venezuela's case, pricing is controlled by the government. So we don't have the flexibility to follow the inflation with self-directed pricing in Venezuela. So Venezuela is all rollover in 2015. I would also say that we have very broad-based pricing increases across all of Latin America. You forgot Hill's, where I think we've got a very good balance between effective pricing and volume growth on that business and beginning to see the gross margin build back nicely, which was clearly one of our objectives. The U.S., North America pricing possibility, that will always be a bit choppy, given the timing of couponing behind new products and the fact that couponing goes into price. And I think there will continue to be pricing pressure in Europe, but our expectation is that it will ease over the balance of the year compared to the first quarter level. Now in Asia, specific to China, we made some corrective pricing actions on a couple of our businesses, which are now baked in for the full year. I think that was responding to all the questions you asked, Ali, at least I hope so.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Caroline Levy with CLSA.
Caroline S. Levy - CLSA Limited, Research Division: And forgive me if you've touched on this. There's a lot of stuff here. But advertising growth for the full year, do you expect the actual recorded number to be up in local currency and in dollars would be the first thing. And then just on China, there's been a move to premiumization in many categories, and toothpaste is one of them. The local toothpaste I think is a premium product. Are you doing anything -- I know your Darlie brand is very successful, but within the Colgate brand, are you doing things to premiumize and try to take advantage of that?
Ian M. Cook: Yes. Yes, we are. I mean, on the advertising side, when we look at advertising spending for the year, we see, on a ratio basis, an increase year-on-year. In local currency terms, it will certainly be up. It will certainly be up. The -- from a China point of view, you're absolutely right. There is a fair degree of premiumization going on in China, and we indeed are taking advantage of that. When you put China in a longer context, over the last 8 years, we built our China business from about a 29 share to a market-leading 33, 34 share, 34 share January, February this year. If you look at our principal multinational competitor, they've gone from 25, down to under 15. And the other multinational competitor has gone down from mid-teens to high single digits. And that premium local brand you mentioned is what is taking up the slack. So we're continuing to hold market position quite nicely. And indeed, we are adopting a premiumization strategy.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Bill Chappell with SunTrust.
William B. Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Ian, you alluded to kind of the pullback in marketing from the competition earlier. And there's been some talk about your largest competitor meaningfully pulling back on kind of media spend over the next few months or few quarters. How do you look at that? Is that some -- an opportunity to keep the foot on the pedal? Or is there just too much marketing and advertising out there? Maybe everybody can benefit a little bit.
Ian M. Cook: The -- I would say when we think about our -- I'm now talking the traditional advertising media. I would say that our focus is more on what is necessary to reach, engage and convince our consumers to stay with our brands from an emotional point of view and to try our innovation. That's the purpose. And that dictates a certain reach and frequency for your traditional media. These days, it also requires a mix between the traditional and the digital and other ways of connecting with people. If some of these pullbacks continue to be as we have seen them, maybe it does create a little bit more of a rational opportunity in some markets. But we'll track that for a while before we make any significant changes.
Operator: From Raymond James, we have Joe Altobello.
Joseph Nicholas Altobello - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Two quick questions on SG&A. I guess, first, in terms of overhead, a little surprised it was up this quarter. Was that all FX-driven? And then secondly, if you could remind us what you're expecting in terms of total restructuring savings this year.
Ian M. Cook: Yes. The -- you're right on the overhead, Joe. In fact, total dollar expenses were down. So the reason the ratio is up is a combination of timing and dollar-denominated expenses against a weakening foreign exchange-driven top line. As to your second point, I think we have in our K -- I think we're talking 65 to 75 after-tax for the year -- sorry, that was the restructuring.
Operator: And we have Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I feel like most of this has actually been covered. So I'm just going to leave it alone and let you proceed to the next person.
Operator: We'll go ahead and move on to Eddy Hargreaves with Canaccord.
Eddy Hargreaves - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Two questions, actually. Sorry to harp on about the advertising spend.
Ian M. Cook: Harp away, harp away.
Eddy Hargreaves - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: You answered the last person who asked you this in terms of ratios, but I think what you were saying, implying that you think that worldwide advertising investment will be up for the full year in absolute terms, just is down 10% to $430 million in the quarter. If that's right, I'm slightly surprised because it implies quite a step-up in the next 3 quarters, given your overall sort of commentary about the media environment. Perhaps you could square that circle somewhat.
Ian M. Cook: Maybe I misspoke. Let me answer the first one first and then you can ask the second one so we don't lose the point. It will be up in local currency, on a currency-neutral basis. And it will be up on a ratio basis. The dollars will be broadly in line, maybe modestly down, year-on-year. And your second question?
Eddy Hargreaves - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Okay. Yes. And the other one was, there's been some sort of comment earlier on in the questioning about the North American pricing looking a bit better. You obviously said that it tends to be choppy. But if we look at the overall organic performance top line in North America, it looks as weak as it's been for quite a few quarters sort of looking back across the spreadsheet as it were. Perhaps you could sort of give some sense of how you see the North American consumer environment generally, given potential oil price-based benefits to consumers, that type of thing. Are you fairly confident that the environment will look better in H2 than H1, for example?
Ian M. Cook: Who knows? I mean, the first quarter economic numbers were just revised down. I think there is an underlying confidence that the U.S. economy is on the turn, but I think it's a slow turn. Frankly, our consumption in the U.S. is ahead of the consolidated growth in the categories we're in, that U.S. category growth is between 1% and 2%. We're slap-banging that. And as Bina commented in her remarks, our market shares are up in North America. So we're quite pleased with that. And we will be poised to take advantage of the growth should it accelerate because we have a rich array of innovation to bring to the marketplace.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Javier Escalante with Consumer Edge Research.
Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: My question actually has to do with Brazil. Is it that -- we heard from your competitors, L'Oral, Unilever, that category growth was flat in terms of volume. But your volumes are actually down. And then you're telling us that you're gaining share. So then the question is, is it that the calculation has to do because people are trading down within Colgate's portfolio and that's why you are getting negative volumes. Or is it that at the end of the day, you are overrepresented in channels that are losing market share, say, large format retailers and that's how we reconcile the fact that you have strong shares, but actually, your volumes are negative, which your competitors are not posting negative volumes?
Ian M. Cook: The -- I guess all these countries have to be a balance between volume and price, given the transaction impact of the foreign exchange. So in Brazil, we took pricing and we took pricing against volume, to your point, to establish the pricing in the marketplace. At the same time, because of the economic decline, several of the categories did go negative in volume terms. So not all the categories were positive from a volume point of view. The other thing one has to say, and I spent 3 days down there not so long ago, is there is quite a bit of short-term disruption in the marketplace. The economy slows down. You have the various scandals unfolding day after day. Interest rates go up. And what happens is the indirect retailers take a step back and wait to see how everything is going to settle out. So there is an added element, I would say, of short-term hesitation in terms of the way the market would normally line up. But as I said earlier, our focus is going to be on growing market share, controlling our costs, expanding gross margin and weathering what we believe will be a slower Brazil environment for the balance of this year.
Operator: And we'll move on to our next question from Mark Astrachan with Stifel.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: So two questions. One, just wanted to get an update on the Tom's of Maine expansion and sort of your thoughts thus far, bigger opportunity, smaller opportunity than maybe you had thought originally. And then housekeeping, is there any impact on cash usage, CapEx, share repo, dividend, et cetera, from FX?
Ian M. Cook: The Tom's business is doing very well. The first quarter organic growth was up double digits. We have, as you know, an extremely strong position in Oral Care toothpaste in the United States, over 50 market share in the channels that are unique to Tom's. And that's why, as Bina said, we have taken the opportunity now that we have consolidated our position in toothpaste to extend the Tom's name into the baby skin health space, which we think will be a big opportunity for Tom's going forward. As I have said before, this is not a marketing accelerated business. You have to win consumers one at a time and be patient. But once they are Tom's consumers, they're Tom's consumers forever. And they almost pledge allegiance to the brand, which we may have them do one day. In terms of cash usage, no major change in CapEx or repurchase. No major change. So listen, I understand those are all the questions on the line. I thank you very much for your interest in the company. And as always, I thank Colgate people around the world for making it all happen. Talk to you next time.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's presentation. We appreciate everyone's participation.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-29 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Bina H. Thompson - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Ian M. Cook - President and Chief Executive Officer Dennis J. Hickey - Chief Financial Officer Victoria L. Dolan - VP and Corporate Controller Elaine C. Paik - VP & Corporate Treasurer
Analysts: Stephen Powers - UBS Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Christopher Ferrara - Wells Fargo Securities Michael Steib - Credit Suisse Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Constance Marie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets U.S William Chapel - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research, LLC Joseph Altobello - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research, LLC William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Caroline S. Levy - CLSA Limited Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2014 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgatepalmolive.com. Today's conference call will include forward-looking statements. These statements are made on the basis of our views and assumptions as of this time and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual events or results may differ materially from these statements. So for information about certain factors that could cause such differences, investors should consult our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on our website, including the information set forth under the captions Risk Factors and Cautionary Statement on forward-looking statements. This conference call will also include a discussion of non-GAAP financial measures, which differ from our results prepared in accordance with GAAP. We will discuss organic sales growth, which is net sales growth, excluding foreign exchange, acquisitions and divestitures. We will also discuss gross profit, gross profit margin, SG&A, SG&A as a percent of net sales, operating profit, operating profit margin, net income and earnings per share on a diluted basis, excluding the impact of the items described in the press release. A full reconciliation with the corresponding GAAP measures is included in the press release and is posted in the For Investors section of our website at www.colgatepalmolive.com. Just a reminder, there may be a slight delay before the question-and-answer session begins due to the Web simulcast. Now for opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to the Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Bina Thompson. Please go ahead, Bina.
Bina H. Thompson: Thanks, Kathy, and good morning everybody, and welcome to our fourth quarter earnings release conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, Chairman, President and CEO; Dennis Hickey, CFO; Victoria Dolan, Corporate Controller and Elaine Paik, Treasurer. Were pleased to exit 2014 with organic sales up 6% as compared to the fourth quarter of 2013, which was the strongest quarter of last year. Our market shares were strong around the world as you will hear in a moment. As always, innovation has been critical to our success were excited about our pipeline looking forward to 2015 and beyond. In many markets, macroeconomic challenges persist and of course, foreign exchange has been and will continue to be a considerable headwind as translation alone is projected to impact EPS in 2015 over 10% at current foreign exchange rate. That makes us even more pleased to be able to deliver continued organic sales growth and positive results on the bottom line. While our gross margin was down in the quarter due to very significant transaction costs, we believe that we will see an improving trend as we move through 2015 with a more benign raw material cost environment and pricing taken to offset the impact of rising transaction costs related to foreign exchange. Our funding-the-growth program is as robust as ever in our Global Growth and Efficiency Program is on track. Generated in 2014, related to the Global Growth and Efficiency Program, we are over a $100 million after-tax and above the top end of our projected range. Overhead expenses are down in the quarter due to tight controls in all divisions and savings from our Global Growth and Efficiency Program. Our total commercial spending also increased into both existing and new products. We think we are well poised to meet the challenges we face as we enter 2015. We believe our strong balance sheet and solid cash generation should keep us in good stead. So turning to North America, we are very pleased with our progress here innovation is contributing to organic sales growth and we have more plan for this year. In the fourth quarter, in the U.S., our market share increased year-to-date in toothpaste and manual toothbrushes and was even with the prior year in mouthwash. Results are strong across our portfolio in toothpaste. Our Colgate Total toothpaste share remains over 10% supported by a graphic refresh, relaunch of Colgate total events whitening and the boost provided by our companion Colgate Total Lasting White mouthwash. The Colgate Optic White franchise is also doing well as the superpremium is driving instrumentality with its year-to-date toothpaste share up from 5.3% to 5.6%. And as you know, we also launched Colgate Enamel Health toothpaste and toothbrushes in the second half of 2014. It's off to a strong start and our overall toothpaste share is up 1.4% in the three months after its launch as compared to the three months prior. In the mouthwash category, our year-to-date share is up more than 4 points, while our two major competitors full-year shares declined with excellent result from Colgate Total Lasting White mouthwash. Our fabric conditioner business continues to perform well both for the full-year and the quarter, our market share is up over 4 points to a new record, close to 20% of the overall market and as you know, these products are primarily sold in Hispanic markets. Now, as you would expect, we have more innovation slated for 2015 with a full grid plan for the first quarter. In toothpaste, we are launching Colgate Optic White Expressway toothpaste. This innovation provides whiter teeth in just three days simply by brushing with best results after four weeks of brushing as directed is Colgates fastest whitening toothpaste and its enamel-safe for daily use. In the mouthwash category were launching Colgate Total gum health mouthwash it provides advanced gum protection for 45% stronger healthier gums versus the non-antibacterial mouthwash. Fights plaque between teeth and along the gum line and kills 99% of germs on contact with 12 hour protection against bacteria that caused gingivitis. In the toothbrush category, we are launching Colgate Sensitive toothbrush plus sensitivity relief pen. Using the same innovative pen application technology is so successful in the whitening segment. This pen utilizes our patented Pro Argin technology to deliver sensitivity relief 24/7 with continued use and goes right to the source of the pain. To rekindle momentum in the dish liquid category were launching premium priced Palmolive Multi-Surface, which is specially formulated to kill bacteria on dishes and hardened non-core kitchen surfaces. And on the value side were launching Ajax all-in-one dish liquid which has a new formula with 10% more cleaning ingredients than before. And to further our success in the fabric conditioner category were launching Suavitel fragrance pro with the proprietary scent system which provides five times longer lasting fragrance compared with using detergent alone. As well as Suavitel fast dryer sheets which helps close dry 30% faster than using detergent alone. Turning then to Europe South Pacific, we enjoyed another quarter of organic sales growth in this region with a slight acceleration in volumes in the third quarter. Our commercial hubbing activities part of our Global Growth and Efficiency Program are now complete and were implemented with very little disruption in fact in the quarter we're virtually all new hubs delivered positive organic sales growth. Innovation is critical in this part of the world and it continues to contribute to market share growth in a number of categories. Our market shares across Europe are up year-to- date in toothpaste, manual toothbrush, battery toothbrush, mouthwash, liquid hand soap and dish liquids. Of note all categories of our Sanex business has grown market share year-to-date, shower gel, liquid hand soap and underarm protection. Our launch of Colgate Maximum Cavity Protection plus sugar acid neutralizer is now complete across the region with excellent share results in a number of markets. One of our first launch market Denmark posted a 4.1 share in the most recent period and two larger more recent launch markets, the UK and France have already achieved 1.5% and 2% shares respectively in the most recent periods. Building on this success in 2015 we will continue full marketing support for the toothpaste along with a further rollout of a companion toothbrush and mouthwash. As I just mentioned, our Sanex business is performing well and recent exciting new product activity to support further growth. Launching in the first quarter is Sanex advance, Sanex's first body care regimen developed with a leading dermatologist. Available in three different formulations, the regimen will include a body lotion and hand cream, to complement the body wash and deodorant. This is Sanex's first entry into the hands and body lotion category. The Sanex Advance Dermo Repair bundle for dry skin with minor damage contains active restore complex and [allantoin] to restore pH balance and miniaturization. The Sanex Advance Atopiderm bundles for extra dry atopic skin contains skin identical lipids and emollients to help restore the skins protective barrier, sooth itchiness and control hypersensitivity, helping the skin to keep functioning normally. The Sanex Advanced Hydrate 24h bundle for very dried dehydrated skin uses Ceragly Activ technology in a shower gel and lotion which has a pseudo-ceramides and glycerin to maintain the skins protective barriers by locking in the moisture. And in addition, will be launching Sanex in Poland, a new geography which will provide incremental new business for us. Turning then to Latin America, business across this region is solid, organic sales growth accelerated from the prior two quarters in 2014 and while volume increased a modest 1% versus the year-ago period, this was on top of a very strong increase of 10% in the fourth quarter of 2013. Toothpaste shares are strong across the region, in Mexico our most recent share is 80.8% up 80 basis points in the year ago period. Colgate Maximum Cavity Protection has achieved a 2% share in the most recent period. In Brazil in December our toothpaste share reached 72.1% for the month, the highest share in the past 18-years. This is in spite of a lot of competitive activity. Our manual toothpaste business is performing well. In Mexico, we achieved a record share of 45% in the latest leading, while for the first time our major competitor dropped below 40% share. Soap was across all retail environment, self-service stores, pharmacies and the indirect trade. We reached a record year-to-date share in Brazil as well with good growth in the superpremium segment with a 32.4% share of the market the number one position. In bar soaps weve strengthened our leadership position across the region of half a point on a year-to-date basis to 29.7% with the most recent lead at 29.9%. Innovation in both the Palmolive and Protex equities has contributed this success. And in the Home Care category our year-to-date regional market shares have increased in fabric conditioners of 50 basis points to 51.6% and in liquid cleaners of 70 basis points to 36.3% and we have more exciting new products plan for 2015 across all our categories. In the first quarter, specifically where excited about a new subcategory in the Protex Body Cleansing category, feminine intimate wash. Protex is a brand that's recognized as an expert in skin protection and is positioned to transfer readily into the intimate soap subcategory. It will be launched with a fully integrated marketing campaign including our products website and endorsements from a well-known journalist. Primary placement in-store will be on the intimate shelf with secondary placement on the soap shop to attract attention from loyal Protex users. Turning then to Asia, were pleased with the acceleration of organic sales growth in this region as we indicated would happen last quarter. And as referenced in the press release we saw good toothpaste market share gains in a number of countries. In India, our market shares increased to 54.4% up 30 basis points on a year-to-date basis. Colgate Active Salt toothpaste developed especially for this market where salt promotes antibacterial efficacy increased 70 basis points to over a 5% share. In Malaysia, our year-to-date share is up 30 basis points to just over 73%. Anticavity segment now comprises almost 27% of the market and Colgate Maximum Cavity Protection toothpaste launched last February has a 3.2% share year-to-date with the most recent lead of 4%. In manual toothbrushes, our regional share increased 20 basis points year-to-date to 30.2% with eight out of 10 countries reporting stable positive growth. In India, our share reached a record 43.2% up 120 basis points on a year-to-date basis. Innovation under the Colgate Slim Soft equity has been particularly successful. And our regional mouthwash share increased 120 basis points year-to-date to 23.1% with the most recent period at 24.6%. Looking forward in toothpaste, we will be relaunching both our base sensitivity line as well as the Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief line. In addition, we will be adding Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief Repair and Prevent. This new product has a unique calcium and amino acid complex which repairs the root cause of sensitivity preventing the pain from returning. In India, we will be launching Colgate Active Salt with neem. The neem tree in India is known for its antibacterial properties. In certain markets we will also introduce a line of Kids toothpaste for children aged two to five, a segment currently somewhat underdeveloped which presents a great incremental opportunity. New in the mouthwash category will be Colgate Plax Bamboo Charcoal and as you know Charcoal is also why reviewed as an ingredient to fight bacteria. Turning then to Africa/Eurasia, this region continues to deliver strong organic sales growth despite some macroeconomic challenges in the countries such as Russia. Our regional toothpaste share is up 10 basis points to 32.4% year-to-date. And despite difficulties in Russia and the Ukraine our year-to-date share is up 10 basis points to 32.9% in Russia and up 170 basis points in the Ukraine to 28.2%. We have also seen good share increases across Sub-Saharan Africa and North Africa. In manual toothbrushes, Colgate 360 and Colgate Slim Soft have helped increase our share in Turkey, up 30 basis points year-to-date to 28.7%. In South Africa, we are up 380 basis points year-to-date to over 38% of the market. And across the region our mouthwash share is up 30 basis points year-to-date approaching 20%. Colgate is the number two mouthwash brand in Africa/Eurasia. You may recall, we told you about a new product in Russia Colgate Altai Herbs mouthwash. That has contributed to 210 basis point increase in our Russian mouthwash share to 27.5% year-to-date. We also have a good market leading shower gel business in this region. Our year-to-date share is up 120 basis points to almost 22%. Russia, Turkey and South Africa have all reached record shares. We told you on previous calls about our Palmolive Gourmet Spa line with enticing coffee, chocolate, vanilla and peach fragrances. That innovation has been one of the drivers of the excellent share performance. And innovation this quarter continues. To support our relaunch of our Colgate Total toothpaste portfolio, we have initiated a new integrated marketing campaign around the idea of the incredible mouth. The idea is that Colgate knows that your mouth is incredibly weak, which is why Colgate developed Colgate Total to protect 100% of your mouth not only your teeth. To continue the momentum in our shower gel business, we are launching Palmolive Tiger freshness for men. You may recall weve had great success with Colgate Altai Herbs products toothpaste, mouthwash and body cleansing. Outside is a region in Russia known for its herbs which are believed to have curative properties. Similarly Tiger is the northern forest characterized by pine bruises and larches covering much of Northern Eurasia. This new product offers a freshness and cleanliness of the legendary [tiger] in your shower. Finally, we are pleased with Hill's continued good organic sales growth of 4% in the quarter particularly when compared to a strong 7% growth in the year ago quarter. Innovation has driven good results across our Science Diet, Prescription Diet and Ideal Balance portfolios. For the Science Diet portfolio, nutritional consultant shopper engagement at superstores and sampling of our new salt savory treat here in the U.S. has helps drive sales. In Europe, Hill Science Plan Perfect Weight has been supported with secondary displays in-store and in-store weighing area and on shelf dynamic cleans to explain the product benefits. Here in the U.S. Hills Ideal Balance has gained share in both the wellness and natural segments and consumption of the product in superstores was up strongly versus the year ago period. In Europe, the product contained excellent trade acceptance in the UK and Germany two large pet food markets and receive support with promotional activities and secondary placement. And our prescription diet metabolic line continues to meet with success. To build on that, this quarter we're launching prescription diet metabolic plus. 32 million pets have obesity related concurrent conditions. This is the first and only dual efficacy therapeutic pet nutrition food. It will be available for weight loss plus mobility for dogs, and weight loss plus Urinary Stress for cats. The product will be available in both a dry and stew format. And were also very excited about the new global packaging redesign across the prescription range. With more consumer friendly packaging and new better tasting formulas, the bundle is designed to create a stronger emotional connection to strengthen our leadership and innovation credentials and improved taste reception that's rolling out across the US, Canada and some of the high-growth markets in the first quarter of 2015 and Europe in the second quarter. So in summary, we believe our solid results for the quarter are a good indication that we have effective strategy. And we believe that this consistent strategy has stood as well for many years. We know it well. Staying close to the customer and consumer, innovating everywhere becoming more effective and efficient and on going leadership development. We believe our objectives on the ground have the tools to make the right decisions balancing price and volume supporting innovation in-store and out increasing market share all this is winning on the ground. We in our competition are like are faced with choppy times, volatile swings in currency and macroeconomic challenges in many parts of the world. So we believe its a simple consistent focus well understood by every Colgate person that makes the difference. And now I'd like to turn it over to Q&A. Kathy.
Operator: Thank you. Todays question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically for the telephone audiences. [Operator Instructions]. Well first go to Steve Powers from UBS.
Stephen Powers: Hi, Bina. Ian good morning.
Ian M. Cook: Good morning, Steve.
Stephen Powers: Maybe just a few little things to kick things off of we could first could you just start up by providing the gross margin bridge for Q4 and maybe talk a little bit about how those drivers are expected to trend into 2015, any changes in margin improvement or organic growth expectations for the year versus last quarters outlook would be great. And then maybe drilling in could you also provide a little update on volume and sales trends in China and Brazil specifically, it looks like things improvement is expected in China, but you were still battling through some inventory issues in Brazil. Im just curious if thats a fair read and just the expectations on how you expect momentum to trend from here. Thanks.
Ian M. Cook: Well see, I think as Bina said at the end of her prepared remarks, I guess we live in a world these days where focus is really important, but so is agility and I think you saw in the fourth quarter the agility and the balance I guess between volume and price as our 6% was composed of volume growth in all divisions in pricing increases largely in the developing world. So if we take that to the gross profit row forward and you go back to the prior year gross profit 59.1, we benefited from 1.4 points of pricing, as you can see a step-up from the prior three quarters between our funding the growth and restructuring, we had something like 280 basis points of benefit and then faced a headwind in terms of material prices of some 4.3 point of which two points for the quarter was transaction and then they were 20 basis points negative of some other minor changes which gets you to the 58.8% gross margin. Interestingly, although we are where we are if you were to go back to the October conversation we had and our expectation for the full quarter of gross margin to be even with prior year, if you just stripped out the exchange deterioration since our October call, in fact for this quarter our gross margin would have been at prior year level. What we manage to do by moving quickly on pricing was to offset the dollar impact of the foreign exchange but not yet the ratio impact. So thats 2014, when you go forward into 2015, I guess you have got a few things in terms of our view on gross margin, our view on gross margin for 2015 is that we will expand it between 50 and 100 basis points on the year. Now that is going to progress through the year from the first to the fourth quarter. We get a benefit in 2015 of course, from the current oil prices which we expect to work through towards the end of the first half next year and of course commodity materials which our forecast would say more or less flat year-on-year and these are benefits we havent seen in prior year. We will continue and indeed already have take pricing particularly in those emerging markets where we have to meet the transaction impact of foreign exchange, because thats what translate into the operating earnings. We will of course be focus on our funding the growth program which again should benefit in 2015 from a more benign cost environment and of course we have our restructuring program. So, as we begin 2015, we feel good with the expansion target of plus 50 to 100 basis points on gross margin stepping it way up through the year. Now when you come back to the topline of the company, I think the fourth quarter played out organically pretty much the way we expected it. We see the destocking in China behind us and thats why we see that the 6% organic there and indeed organic growth in the country itself. In terms of Brazil we said that we would still be working through the destocking in the fourth quarter that would be completed in the fourth quarter and then we would move into 2015 and indeed that has been the case. But if you step back and kind of take a look at where is the consumer we continue to see for our categories that in North America category growth, and again I am talking our categories, is between 1% and 2% as we said on the last call it is edging widely up to the upper end of that 1% to 2% range. Europe continues to be more even between 0% and 1% and across the emerging markets we continue to feel comfortable with the mid single-digit local currency value growth rates for our categories. So thats the environment we see in 2015 with China and Brazil now behind us.
Operator: And we will move on to our next question from Dara Mohsenian from Morgan Stanley.
Dara W. Mohsenian: Hey, good morning.
Ian M. Cook: Hi, Dara.
Dara W. Mohsenian: Ian, pricing accelerated pretty significantly sequentially in Q4 and was a big driver of the organic sales growth acceleration in both emerging markets and globally, so I just wanted to get an update on your view of the competitive environment here, and your ability to sustain that level of pricing going forward with a lower oil costs and flat commodities overall. Or even get more pricing with some of the incremental FX pressures you are seeing. And then also in Q4 on a related note, how much of the Latin America price increase was related to Venezuela and Argentina? Thanks.
Ian M. Cook: Yes, I think we have demonstrated fairly consistently and ability to deliver pricing to offset the transaction impact of foreign exchange. I think we demonstrated that in the fourth quarter and we expect to continue to price as we have already done in some parts of the world. So pricing will be a factor in growth and in our gross margin expansion plans for 2015 and we believe as we indeed already have, that we will be able to realize that, and I go back to the fourth quarter and say there was a fairly meaningful step up in pricing in those emerging markets and yet we still had a balance between volume growth and pricing growth. Now, when you turn to Latin America, the need for pricing again is driven by foreign exchange and if you look at Latin America, overall, we took pricing in the fourth quarter and you see pricing up literally across the geography, from Mexico through Central America, our Indian group, Venezuela, Brazil, and the Southern, so we took pricing across the board in Venezuela as we told you on the last call, we, along with our two principal multinational competitors and the large local player down there, on price controlled categories, got approval to increase pricing and so we, along with everyone else, increased pricing in Venezuela and that will roll forward into 2015. But again, you look at Asia, you look at Africa, Eurasia, we're taking pricing in all parts of the world that are affected by foreign exchange.
Operator: And next well move to Chris Ferrara of Wells Fargo.
Christopher Ferrara: Good morning.
Ian M. Cook: Hi, Chris.
Christopher Ferrara: Ian, just a follow-up on that, look I can appreciate that you dont want to breakout exactly what Venezuela pricing is but I think the question on lot of peoples mind is just look the Latam segment pricing and the resilience of volume even our tough comp was very impressive that was very impressive. But I think what were all trying to figure out is as it relates to the sustainability of it was Venezuela and Argentina a disproportionate driver of that right in other words can we feel comfortable with the assumption that you guys were able to hold volume very well across the segment broadly and the numbers arent necessarily skewed by Venezuela and Argentina.
Ian M. Cook: Clearly, we got more pricing in Venezuela, because we had no pricing for an extended period of years. So the answer there is clearly yes as it was for everybody else that we compete with in that country. I think the more pertinent question is our ability to maintain that pricing and continue to increase that pricing going forward and our view is that, yes, we can. And again, I come back to the fourth quarter, having taken pricing we did see volume growth in all of our divisions. Now of course, that step in Venezuelan pricing will ease off as we work our way through 2015, because Venezuela is much more episodic than many of the other markets. So the answer is yes. And again, back to the consumer behavior, we continue to see our categories hold in the emerging markets at mid-single digits. And remember, as you will see when we file our K for us 2014, Venezuela continues to represent about 3% of the companys worldwide sales and only about 1% of the operating margin.
Operator: And next well go to Olivia Tong with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Olivia Tong: Good morning, thanks. I wanted to ask you about consumer consumptions levels, do you think that the current gross rates that you are posting are inline with where consumer consumption is right now. And on top of that how do you think about your inventory levels at retail. And then I also want to touch a little bit on the elasticity of demand in your categories because in the past you said that consumers understand pricing due to FX but at what point does that equation start to potentially breakdown because this quarter you obviously saw a big acceleration in price and volume really didnt accelerate all that much, but can you help us understand the analytics, just make sure you dont potentially go over board on pricing and what you consider too much, like if volume decelerates to the point where you are seeing negatives which you consider that to go too far and clearly Im painting specially about Latin America. Thanks so much.
Ian M. Cook: Yes. Well clearly Olivia, as Im sure all other companies do, we do considerable work to balance even the short-term volume impact at the pricing we take. I come back and say we sold volume growth in all of our emerging markets even with the stepped up pricing we took in the fourth quarter, so we think we have a handle on it and we think again, remember the types of products we are selling that we can take the pricing necessary to offset the foreign exchange impacts and continue to maintain that balance between volume and price and indeed volume slows a little bit when you take the pricing, but then that balance comes back. Look, on retail inventory you may remember, we were the first to talk about the destocking in China and I think weve tried to be very transparent about what we saw unfolding in the marketplace is the China destocking is behind us and I said on the last call that we expected brazil to work through in the fourth quarter and it has done. We track not only retail inventory, we track inventories with all of our distributors country-by-country and we have parameters that actually relate back to the return on invested capital the distributor gets in terms of the inventory levels that they would hold. So we have a very clear view on that inventory and we have a very sharp focus on making sure that it is not at least by our actions out of balance. What we saw in Brazil and China was a marketplace destocking because of the slowdown in the category. So I think you can feel confident that we have very much control on that inventory. And remember as we talked about when we went through those sub-prime years in difficult times, products in our categories if you will become the simple luxuries that consumers can afford. So the behavior of using these products does not go away when times get slightly tougher.
Operator: And next we have John A. Faucher from JPMorgan.
Ian M. Cook: Hey John.
John A. Faucher: Hey Ian, how are you?
Ian M. Cook: Were good. Thanks.
John A. Faucher: Excellent, so just wanted to follow up and some of the guidance commentary in terms of I think you said that or Bina said rather that the 10% is the translation number. So can you talk a little bit about that the transaction pieces little bit different now given what weve seen in terms of the move in the euro and some of the other more developed market currencies, which obviously are negative? So can you talk about sort of how much of the transaction piece maybe you are not going to cover and can you get pricing in developed markets to cover some of this transactional pieces. Is that a possibility, even or that something where you basically say you know what we are going have to yet that impact given where the market is right now? Thanks.
Ian M. Cook: Yes, thanks John. Let me just complete what Bina said I mean so when you think about foreign exchange as a headwind, yes, the translation impact is 10% on the bottom line. On the topline we see it going to be about 7% and 7.5% on the year. So that just gives you the breath of that. In terms of the transaction impacts, that is embedded into our guidances on gross margin being up 50 to 100 basis points. The transaction impact whether its the balance sheet aspect of payable in the short-term or the more substantive foreign exchange impact on raw materials imported finished goods. In the medium term that hits the gross margin squarely and if you dont recover that you cant deliver an operating return, so all of our guidance is assuming our ability to offset that transaction impact. Now remember, offsetting that transaction impact is not just a function of list price increases in any given marketplace. It could be benefited from mix, it could be benefited from different types of promotional activity, but elevate the ASP we have the benefit of our funding the growth program we have the benefit of the global growth and restructuring program that we have underway. And as I said, at the beginning the benefit of a more benign commodity environment especially in the area. Now if you look at Europe and North America list price increases are difficult to accomplish, but you saw in Europe terrific margin expansion this year. So there its going to be some of the other techniques, but I think are going to continue to drive gross margin. Most especially funding the growth efforts, the Global Growth and Efficiency Program and what we can do with our promotional efficiencies as we go forward rather than list price increases, but that's the way we plan the year, John.
Operator: And next we have Joe Altobello with Raymond James.
Joseph Altobello: Thank you, good morning.
Ian M. Cook: Good morning, Joe.
Joseph Altobello: Just want to shift gears a bit to SG&A I want to put the 50 basis points of overhead savings in some context. It seems like its a bit of an out layer compared to the last few quarters. First of all what was the FX impact on SG&A in the quarter and how sustainable is the 50 basis points you saw on the fourth quarter and how should we think about advertising next year came down about 60 basis points in 2014 it was down both absolutely as a percentage of sales. So I am curious how are you thinking about that as you are shifting dollars and advertising to promotion in 2015? Thanks.
Ian M. Cook: Well, let me start with the advertising, Joe. So as we have said for quite a considerable time, the advertising is a combination of what we all grew up with which is the traditional media and promotion and we have always balanced that in terms of the traditional with the in-store activity that we undertake during the year. So if you look at the balance, in fact, in the quarter, our total commercial investment was up as it was for the year. Interestingly many of our competitors in many large markets around the world eased back on their traditional advertising spend. So in many of those markets actually our competitive pressure was actually strengthened. Now as we think about 2015 in terms of that traditional bucket of advertising and promotion, we are planning for that to increase absolutely and as a percentage to sale. And as we have always done we will continue to balance that as the year unfolds. So we feel very much that the advertising is where we needed to be. And I think candidly Joe, when you look at the results in the fourth quarter, we got a 6% organic growth rate and delivered a pretty robust bottom line. And of course is that kind of sustainable top and bottom line growth that we are focused on, relative to the overhead Forex is that much of an impact. We continue to expect to make progress in terms of overheads, because the global growth and efficiency program is largely focused in that area rather than gross margin this time around. And again, as Bina said, we were ahead of delivery of that program in 2014 and we will continue to make progress in 2015.
Operator: We will now move on to William Schmitz of Deutsche Bank.
William Schmitz: Hi, good morning, Ian.
Ian M. Cook: Hey, Bill.
William Schmitz: Hey, so I am just trying to figure out the organic top line guide I mean you gave market growth rates, is that going to be your growth as well. Because like if I wait sort of 45% developed, 55% emerging assume that, develop pieces 1% to 2% and the emerging is 5% to 6%. I kind of get you like 3% to 5% range, is that the right way to think about that or do you think youre going to continue to gain market share in the growth asset in the markets.
Ian M. Cook: Weve been quite pleased with our market share progress Joe and caller says Joe, Dale everyone is Joe and obviously we had some new businesses that we're entering whether its the intimate product, whether its new markets with Sanex and indeed some of the new geographies we have around the world like Nigeria, like Iran, like stepping up our position in Bangladesh, but we continue to be comfortable with that 4% to 7% range that we have talked about which we think adequately reflects the volatility that is in our world. You know if you take 2013 as a year a full-year, we came in about 6% if you look at 2014 now as a full-year we came in organic growth about 5%, so we think that 4% to 7% range remains reasonable and indeed that is what we are planning against. And Im sorry about the name slip up.
Operator: And next we have Michael Steib of Credit Suisse.
Michael Steib: Good morning Ian.
Ian M. Cook: Good morning Joe.
Michael Steib: My question relates to the U.S. environment really, you said that you have category growth is edging towards the upper end of the 1% to 2% range, yet pricing in your categories continues to be down due to the promotional activities. Given the commodity cost tailwind, even if its marginal that you are going to experience next year, do you see that promotional environment remain at broadly similar levels going forward, or should it get - intensify from here?
Ian M. Cook: Well I think Michael that our assumptions is that it will continue pretty much as it has been, when you look at 2014 you might say that some of the  shall we say naked pricing pressure has come off, but we definitely saw in the North American environment couponing both in terms of the number of coupons dropped, and you know thats a large part of U.S. promotional activity and works its way through the income statement and price that couponing volume and couponing values both stepped up substantially in 2014 and we expect that will continue in 2015. Now in part coupons create trial for new products, so thats quite healthy, so you will see some bumps I guess quarter-by-quarter because of that. So we are assuming that competitive environment in our categories at least will continue as weve seen it per haps with more emphasis towards cuoponing.
Operator: And next well move to Connie Maneaty of BMO Capital.
Constance Marie Maneaty.: Good morning. I was hoping that you would discuss some metrics that have improved in the areas where you have completed the move to your new hubbings?
Ian M. Cook: Okay, I think we  the new areas really will back up, I mean we have had hubbing operations in parts of our world for a long period of time and I think we talked about that relative to Latin America when I talked about the groups we had there in the activity we took that, the next big tranche if you will hubbing has been Europe and in that environment we have both accomplished and delivered the savings and the efficiency that we were looking for and now the market level activity begins and the next like of that journey. Now will be to get the accrued benefits of having hubs now with shared service centers and I guess frankly most importantly of all with that focus and the ability to sharpen our investments behind the businesses as you saw in release and in being is commentary market shares in our principal categories are up. And that in a slow growth European environment is ultimately what all depends I think our ability to continue to deliver organic growth in that part of the world, which when you think about why we prioritizes Europe first from the global growth and efficiency point of view was the objective of the exercise.
Operator: And next we have Bill Chapel with SunTrust.
William Chapel: Good morning, thank you.
Ian M. Cook: Hi, Bill, good morning.
William Chapel: In [indiscernible] walk through as we look at oil kind of dropping to where it did in the fourth quarter, how that works through your P&L over the next 12 months, I mean in terms of big diesel or just straight oil or resin, I mean and maybe percentages if you can  we see 50% of the benefit by the first half or do we really not see it until the second half. Just trying to get gauge of how it really influences the business and how long it takes to influence the business?
Ian M. Cook: Yes, well you know as youve heard for many there is a lead lag things in life have a way of going up quicker than they come down. If you take oil the most immediate benefit you get tends to be in freight because that price is quite quickly and so we got a little bit of benefit in the fourth quarter very modest and we expect that to benefit of starting in this quarter in 2015. When you talk about the flow through benefits of the resin impact and the other material impact that will start to benefit us towards the end of the first half partly related to it working through the system, partly related to our own inventory levels, you have to work those through before you get the benefit which is why we make the point that as we build to that 50 to 100 basis points gross margin improvement, it is going to build across the year, because the commodity benefits will really start flowing in the second quarter.
Operator: And next well go to Phil Astrachan from Stifel.
Ian M. Cook: Hi, Mark.
Mark S. Astrachan: Hi, how are you doing everybody, good morning. I wanted to just ask follow-up to that last question, just where are you budgeting oil for 2015 and then just youre shifting gears, could you talk a bit about your thoughts on share gains that you've seen from some of your euro-based competitors over the last three to five years. And your views on sending off some sort of incremental spend that they're going to have given current exchange rates as well as potentially reversing some of those share gains that you had or sort of just broadly have you think about a more able-bodied competitive landscape from some of those companies?
Ian M. Cook: Yes, we - in terms of the oil we actually budgeted oil at about $60, so obviously if it says that the current level we will pick up a little bit more, well have to see how all of that works through across the year. In terms of European-based competitors, if you mean from a foreign exchange point of view, we're all managing in a world. And we all have different parts of the world and we all have growth ambitions in those different parts of the world. We have, we think being quite responsible with the benefit of Global Growth and Efficiency Program in Europe and making sure that our commercial investments, including traditional advertising and promotion, are appropriate for both the European category growth rates and the competitors we meet in Europe. If we see things change, and we think we need to be more responsive back to this notion of agility and balance. We will take the appropriate action. But right now we are quite comfortable with our European growth. And with our investments stands there relative to both the categories and our competitors.
Operator: And next we will go to Ali Dibadj with Bernstein.
Ian M. Cook: Hey, Ali.
Ali Dibadj: Hi, guys how are you? So just a couple of quick follow-ups and one is and I'm sorry you might have said this but I jumped off for a second if you could quantify actually Ian the Venezuela impact on your growth rate because even thats you know 3% of sales that we said price mix as best as we can tell you put that together it might be 0.50, two points of your six point growth. So if you have [indiscernible] if you could say that again and I do want to go back to this ad spend begin down 8% below 10% for you which is something into 2009. And its point I dont think its unique to you guys. Lot of the companies in the sector are kind of that your point balance the above the line versus the below line ad spend. And the list of the brand, so I am trying to get a sense from you because I [indiscernible] one quarter, right so. So the list of the brand as you go forward and how do you think about that gross to net versus pure ad spend and what the right balance is?
Ian M. Cook: Yes, well know even if you did drop off Ali, we didnt provide that information on Venezuela and we wont now, that the point I did make relative to Venezuela in the Latin America, is that we took pricing across Latin America in the fourth quarter, in the case of Venezuela, yes, it was episodic as we said in the third quarter it would be, because havent had pricing for several years that same episodic benefit also benefited our principal multi national competitors who got the same government approvals on key categories for them at exactly the same time we got out and indeed the local competitors was granted pricing as well. So everybody benefited from pricing in Venezuela. But the point to make is we took pricing across the board and then environment, where everybody was getting pricing our global growth rate was indeed 6%. In terms of the advertising yes you are right, one has to be conscious about the brand health as we call it. I will say that the kind of model that perhaps the many of us grew up with where what was accounted foreign trade spending was inherently bad and only the so called below the line spending was good. I think those days are gone, I think ones ability take Hispanic consumers in the U.S. that you can reach with in-store activity that may have a component of price, but might be much more driven by a coupon that has regionally dropped at high population areas. These kind of techniques are now available and they werent available before and you can measure them, you can execute them, retailers can handle different configurations to put them at work with a consumer, but coming back to the brands, we do, do tracking work and our tracking work around the world shows that if you take our Oral Care business around the world, the health is very, very good of those brands. So by all means we track it, sometimes from a short-term point of view if couponing or other activity steps up, you have no option at least in part to participate, but I think weve been one of the loudest voices at least I hope so in saying that we much prefer to compete in an environment of innovation with marketing support than price promotion, but we dont see a weakness in brand health that is something of course we have and we will continue to track.
Operator: And next well go to Lauren Lieberman of Barclays.
Lauren R. Lieberman: Thanks, good morning.
Ian M. Cook: Good morning Lauren.
Lauren R. Lieberman: Just two things. One was to follow-up on this conversation about in-store spend versus traditional advertising. Is it fair then to summarize kind of the environment you are seeing right now to say that in the regions where you have had more in-store spend, more promotion, its not necessarily because of negative flair ups in the competitive environment, its a little bit more choiceful on how to best reach the consumer for a given activity that you guys have slated or is there in fact a kind of step up in the negative promotional environment currently?
Ian M. Cook: I would say it is more the formal Lauren, and these are techniques that with our Colgate business planning and so on that we have learned to be efficient with, so its choiceful, but you know I also have to say take in environment like the United States, there is no question that that couponing environment has become more competitive and we have correspondingly become more competitive in that environment, but if I took an overall stance, I would say as we have been saying for a time that it is choiceful with techniques that we think not only reach the consumer, but actually strengthen the equity of our brands overtime.
Operator: And now we will move on to Javier Escalante from Consumer Edge Research.
Javier Escalante: Hi, good morning everyone.
Ian M. Cook: Good morning Javier.
Javier Escalante: My question has to do with detachment of a restructuring program. There was expanded to the saving target to up to $390 million, assumes to me that only a third of the savings has been accrued up to now. So I would like to understand how much of savings will accelerated in the next couple of years in order to hit the $390 million target and if you could help us understand what kind of activities are going to happen is this more hubbing like the one that you did in Europe or is it manufacturing facilities being up and up and in Asia help us understand physically what activities are going to take place that are going to help the savings to ramp up in the next - these two years? Okay thank you.
Ian M. Cook: Yes, well, the first thing to say Javier the program is very much on track indeed has Bina said our performance in 2014 was up. If you look at our so far savings against the total we are running about half accrued. So its not a third and if you look at the activity going forward yes it is in the same areas that we had very much spoken to in the beginning. So it is the hubbing, it is what we are doing with our facilities and it is the expanded use of the Colgate business service centers and we are very excited by it, because we think as we have now seen in Europe not only does it bring you the immediate term savings, but it makes you operate smarter and faster and in a more efficient manner. So we like it, not just as a Global Growth and Efficiency Program, but because we think it ultimately gets this organizationally to a better place from an operating point of view.
Operator: And next well go to Caroline Levy of CLSA.
Ian M. Cook: Hi, Caroline.
Caroline S. Levy: Good morning Ian and Bina, thanks. Ive got a question about Russia and another on Mexico. On Russia, I guess if you have to describe it as pretty chaotic and I'm just wondering how much of your pricing you were able to take in the fourth quarter and how much you think you still need to take and whether you think demand will drop off quite meaningfully. And secondly on Mexico, both Kimberly and Procter have had very difficult years trading in Mexico and they to some extent blamed the higher consumer tax. Are you seeing any slowdown in demand or did you see any slowdown, do you see any pick up whats going on in Mexico for you guys?
Ian M. Cook: The Mexico hasn't changed for us. We certainly didn't see a 20% decline there nor did we see a 20% decline in China. So no that environment hasnt really changed for us. Russia for us is still a relatively modest part of our business between 1% and 2%.. Chaotic may be overstating it that it is indeed difficult. And it is likely to become more difficult. We have lived this before at the end of the 80s. And indeed the senior executive that lived within is living it again now. And so that we know the actions to take from a structural cost point of view and we are taking those actions and of course we are taking pricing, and we are transferring funds and we are watching closely distributions and wholesalers. So, we are very much managing Russia from a containment point view. But were close to our businesses. So we believe we have a good handle. And interestingly shares were up. So maybe cold but there up.
Operator: And we will take our final question from Jason English of Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: All right, thank you guys for squeezing me in.
Ian M. Cook: Hi, Jason.
Jason English: Even got the name right.
Ian M. Cook: Yes.
Jason English: Ive got a couple of follow-up questions.
Ian M. Cook: Good question, Joe.
Jason English: There we go, there we go. All right, now it seems right. One on the promotional dynamics on P&G conference call they referenced expectation of 400 basis points of margin gains constant currency or even currency loaded out of Brazil and India. Hard to see how they get that without pulling some of the money to put in the market back out so are seeing the promotional intensity ease in those markets. And then secondly gross margins I just want to walk through a little more on, more deeply on the answer to the question earlier, your signaling sort of neutral commodities maybe even a little bit of favorability with oil so does study hold line on price, continued productivity, you do the math on that even if you assume that transactional headwinds become more substantial than they were this quarter. Its still hard not to see a path at least 150 basis points of gross margin expansion. So what am I missing there?
Ian M. Cook: About 50 basis points. I think if you take India and the promotional intensity, actually India from doctors point of view was never particularly intense in our categories, now if you look at India, you know Bina I talked about the market share, we're approaching 55 and the competitor in question has about a 0.7 shares. So and our business there continues to be quite strong. In terms of Brazil, I would say yes the promotional intensity has dropped off a little bit in Brazil, which is a good thing. On gross margin Jason and Im sorry with the glib response, but the gross margin is really one of phasing because as I tried to explain earlier we think that gross margin expansion is very much going to build across the year, because although we see the headline lowering of commodity costs and certainly oil the work through of that from our inventory point of view to its effect on resins, bottles, et cetera will take some time to be seen. And on the flip side the transaction impact, you know when ForEx goes to Guinea that hits you straight away whether its the stuff you have to pay and your payables whether its the dollar denominated raw materials that replace that what you are now having to pay for. So thats immediate and the win back on the gross margin take a little bit more time. So I do think well next year in a strengthened position gross margin wise, but it really is all to do with phasing. So I believe these were all the questions we have. End of Q&A
Operator: Yes sir.
Ian M. Cook: Okay, so well thanks very much for catching up with us today and a special thank you all the Colgate folks that make it happen. Bye-bye.
Operator: And with that ladies and gentlemen that does conclude today's call. We would like to thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-24 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Delia H. Thompson - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Ian M. Cook - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
Analysts: Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Christopher Ferrara - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Stephen Powers - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Olivia Tong - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Caroline S. Levy - CLSA Limited, Research Division Constance Marie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Alice Beebe Longley - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research, LLC Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgatepalmolive.com. Today's conference call will include forward-looking statements. These statements are made on the basis of our views and assumptions as of this time and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual events or results may differ materially from these statements. So for information about certain factors that could cause such differences, investors should consult our most recent annual report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and available on our website, including the information set forth under the captions Risk Factors and Cautionary Statement on forward-looking statements. The conference call will also include a discussion of non-GAAP financial measures, which differ from our results prepared in accordance with GAAP. We will discuss organic sales growth, which is net sales growth, excluding foreign exchange, acquisitions and divestitures. We will also discuss gross profit, gross profit margin, SG&A as a percent of net sales, operating profit, operating profit margin, net income and earnings per share on a diluted basis, excluding the impact of the items described in the press release. A full reconciliation with the corresponding GAAP measures is included in the press release and is posted in the For Investors section of our website at www.colgatepalmolive.com. Just a reminder, there may be a slight delay before the question-and-answer session begins due to the Web simulcast. Now for opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Bina Thompson. Please go ahead, Bina.
Delia H. Thompson: Thanks, Rochelle, and good morning, and welcome to our third quarter 2014 earnings release conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, Chairman, President and CEO; Dennis Hickey, CFO; Victoria Dolan, Corporate Controller; and Elaine Paik, Treasurer. And we're pleased to have reported another quarter of solid organic sales growth. As we all know, business conditions around the world are challenging. We, as others, have seen slowing growth in the emerging markets and continued heightened competitive activity in the developed markets. And the dollar has continued to strengthen in the face of economic uncertainty worldwide. And any economic recovery in the developed markets is muted and tentative at best. However, we think, our focused strategies still serve us well and are well-understood by all our people who are intent on winning on the ground. Innovation is as important as ever and you'll hear not only how new products have helped increase market shares but about more new products slated for the balance of the year. While a strong dollar along with higher material prices has resulted in a modest growth margin decline in the quarter, we continue to believe we will see gross margin expansion over the long term. Our Funding the Growth program is as robust as ever and is expected to deliver full year savings at or above our goal. And while our reported advertising is down as a percent of sales, if you look at the total bucket of commercial spend, it is up both absolutely and as a percent of sales, as impactful and trial-generating in-store activities have supported our robust new product activity. Our Global Growth and Efficiency Program is proceeding smoothly, and as you saw in this morning's press release, we've expanded the program to take advantage of additional savings opportunities, which we expect will begin to be realized towards the end of 2015 or early 2016. And we're seeing some encouraging trends in the markets of China and Brazil. While both these regions declined for the third quarter as a whole, we saw a reversal toward the end of the quarter, which we believe should bode well going forward. So as I said, a challenging environment, but we think we're well-positioned to meet these challenges going forward. So turning then to North America. Organic sales growth accelerated in North America from the second quarter and market shares are solid. Our excellent performance in manual toothbrushes was highlighted in the press release. One of the drivers was Colgate Optic White Toothbrush and Built-In Whitening Pen. This new product has generated good trial and strong repeat rates, ahead of not only our Colgate Optic White manual toothbrush but a competing brush as well. In the quarter, another significant launch was Colgate Enamel Health toothpaste and Colgate 360 Enamel Health toothbrush. While it's early days, results of the toothpaste have been very good. Our national share at the end of September was over 2%, and this result exceeded both historical competitive launches, as well as competitive launches in the third quarter. Importantly, the launch has added incremental share. Our overall U.S. toothpaste share is now 35.8% for the past 4 weeks, up 1 full point versus the year-ago period. This 35.8% share is also ahead of our year-to-date share of 35%. Since the second quarter, consumption growth has been ahead of category growth. In fact, for the past 4 weeks, consumption was up 7.6% versus the category growth of around 2.5%. A relaunch of our Colgate Total Advanced Whitening toothpaste has been accompanied by the launch of Colgate Total Lasting White mouthwash to take advantage of the power of a complete regimen. Colgate Total Lasting White mouthwash has an innovative formula that helps remineralize tooth enamel, prevent stains and fight tartar and has no burn of alcohol. Our overall mouthwash share in the U.S. is now at 6.5% year-to-date, up 120 basis points. To continue this momentum, we're launching Colgate Kids mouthwash. This is an opportunity to reinvigorate the kids mouthwash segment with a brand mothers trust. Distribution of the product is building at key retailers as we speak. Of note also is our share in fabric conditioners. The Suavitel brand is, as you know, largely sold in Hispanic markets and has now reached a record 18% share of the general market year-to-date, up 130 basis points. Innovations such as Suavitel Fast Dry has contributed to this success. Turning then to Europe/South Pacific. This region delivered solid results. Organic sales have increased every quarter this year and this despite ongoing macroeconomic pressures. Innovation continues to be an important driver of our performance. As you know, 1 of the key elements in our global growth and efficiency program is the formation of hubs, and much of the hubbing to date has occurred in Europe. As of July, all European hubs have been implemented. Central Europe West, Central Europe East, Southern Europe, U.K., Nordic and Western Europe. These streamlined operations should further position us to effectively win on the ground. Our oral care market shares are strong. In toothpaste, our regional share is at 35.3% year-to-date, up almost a full point from the year-ago period, with the most recent reading at 35.4%. The results were broad-based with increases in virtually every hub. Our regional manual toothbrush shares are up a full point year-to-date to 23.5%, with the most recent reading at 23.8%. Mouthwash is at 17.9% year-to-date, up from 17.8% in the year-ago period. Our Sanex business is also performing well across its categories, with share increases in body wash, liquid hand soap, bar soap and underarm protection. This year, we relaunched our Sanex body wash, which contains the advanced Dermo Active 3 complex to deliver the 3 key benefits to keep skin healthy, protection, deep moisturization and pH balance. This has helped to strengthen Sanex's credentials in moisturization, and elevate the product's quality perception. We talked last quarter about the rollout of Colgate Maximum Cavity Protection plus Sugar Acid Neutralizer, hereafter to be referred to as Colgate Maximum Cavity Protection. And that has continued with the launch of the product in France in September. Italy is scheduled for October, and Central Europe East for November to complete the rollout. A notable performance is in the U.K., where the market share is almost 4% in the latest period. Also in the U.K., we entered the electric toothbrush market 2 years ago. The initial offering, the Colgate ProClinical C350, was at the higher priced end of the market. So this month, we're launching a lower priced version, Colgate ProClinical C250. Around 75% of the market is priced at this price point, so this launch should make us more competitive in the marketplace. Turning then to Latin America. Business is strong across the region and, as referenced in the press release, we continue to maintain strong leadership positions in toothpaste and manual toothbrushes. As elsewhere, the regional rollout of Colgate Maximum Cavity Protection is meeting with success. In Brazil, where it has been in market for about 1 year, it has achieved a 2.2% share year-to-date. In Mexico, where it was more recently launched in April, it's achieved a year-to-date share of 1%, with the most recent period at almost 2 points. The product has now been launched in virtually every country, with only Peru, Ecuador, Bolivia and the Caribbean region remaining. Other toothpaste innovations, such as Colgate Total Breath Health and Colgate Luminous White Instant, which we described to you last quarter, are also being rolled out throughout the region. Compelling innovation in manual toothbrushes has resulted in record high leading shares in Brazil, Chile, Puerto Rico, Uruguay and Paraguay. In bar soaps, our market share is up 40 basis points to almost 30% year-to-date. Across the region, Protex and Palmolive hold the #1 and #2 positions, respectively. A steady stream of innovation in this category has helped increase market shares. A recent relaunch is Palmolive Naturals Daily Exfoliation with oats and brown sugar. Consumers know that it is important to exfoliate the skin. Its formula with brown sugar and natural oats provides a gentle exfoliation for beautiful and smooth skin. Turning then to Asia. As noted earlier, we've experienced slowing category growth in inventory correction in China, which has affected overall growth despite a very strong performance in other markets. However, this situation appears to be improving, as we said it would on our last call. Despite the external challenges, we've continued with our innovation program. As elsewhere, Colgate Maximum Cavity Protection toothpaste is meeting with success. Launched in Malaysia in February of this year, it has now reached almost 4 full share points in the most recent period and has added incremental share. Our toothpaste share is now at 73.5% year-to-date. In India, where our share is up 30 basis points to 54.6% year-to-date, our May launch of Colgate Maximum Cavity Protection toothpaste has already achieved almost half a share point in the most recent period. And across the region, our manual toothbrush share is up 50 basis points to 30.4% year-to-date. In India, our key brand, Colgate Super Flexi, has driven the overall toothbrush share up 210 basis points to 43.7% year-to-date, with the most recent share at 43.9%, consolidating our leading position. And in mouthwash, our regional share is up 140 basis points to almost 22% year-to-date. Looking forward, we have more innovation to come. One interesting new product planned for launch in China in the fourth quarter is Colgate 360 Gold Charcoal toothbrush. As you know, some consumers are very interested in charcoal as an ingredient, but a new trend, which has also emerged with the Chinese consumer is gold. This toothbrush in addition to having gold-colored bristles and charcoal-infused bristles will also have an antibacterial component within the bristles. And in addition, the product should be very impactful on the shelf with its black and gold packaging. Also in the region, we're very excited about our recent acquisition in Myanmar of the laser toothpaste business. Together with Colgate's 20% share, the added 35% share of laser gives us a strong leadership position in this rapidly evolving country. Turning then to Africa/Eurasia. Business remains healthy in this part of the world and we were particularly pleased with the solid volume growth in both Russia and the Ukraine, despite all the political turmoil in that part of the world. Regional toothpaste shares year-to-date are at 32% even with the year-ago period, but our most recent reading is 32.3% and we see good momentum building behind our continued stream of innovation. Colgate Maximum Cavity Protection toothpaste launched in South Africa a year ago, is just the beginning to be rolled out throughout the rest of the region. And in toothbrushes, we've had excellent results in the South Africa where the share is up 3 points to 37.7% year-to-date, with the most recent read at 38.3%. Similarly, in Turkey, where our year-to-date share is 28.4%, we've seen share momentum in the 2 most recent periods, which share reads of 28.9% for May-June, and 30.5% for July-August. Our regional mouthwash share is up 50 basis points to just over 20% year-to-date, positioning us as the #2 mouthwash brand across Africa/Eurasia. In Russia, we continue to benefit from the launch earlier this year of Colgate Plax Altai Herbs. Our share is up 220 basis points to 27.7% year-to-date. Results for the shower gel category is strong, fueled by our Palmolive Gourmet Spa line. Our year-to-date share is at 22%, up 160 basis points, with almost every country contributing to the positive share and momentum. As elsewhere around the world, innovation will continue. Colgate Total Pro Whitening toothpaste, which provides 12-hour protection for a healthier mouth and whiter teeth, now selling in Russia, Ukraine and Turkey, will be rolled out to additional countries in the region in the fourth quarter and next year. Another pan-regional launch starting this quarter will be Colgate Total Mouthwash, which should help build on our already strong mouthwash business. And in the personal care category, we'll extend our very successful Palmolive Gourmet Spa shower gel line into liquid hand soap. Finally, Hill's. The Hill's business is solid as new product activity across our brands has delivered good results. Hill's Ideal Balance is now selling virtually everywhere in the world. Here in the U.S., both the dog and cat wet and dry products have been well-supported by the super stores. In those channels in the quarter, consumption of Hill's Ideal Balance was up almost 40% versus the year ago period. The launch is going well in Europe as well and is being supported by a fully integrated marketing campaign. Our Hill's Science Diet business in the U.S. is being supported by a Healthier Pet, Happier Lives national campaign, which is focused on preventative care to drive our new Life Care portfolio of diets. For the year-to-date period, our consumption is up 15% in our 2 largest retailers. In the weight category, both the Hill's Prescription Diet Metabolic line and the Hill's Science Diet Perfect Weight line are doing well. And next quarter, we will be adding a new variant, Hill's Science Diet Perfect Weight for small and toy breed dogs, the fastest-growing pet population. The recent global launch of Hill's Prescription Diet CD Multicare Urinary Stress feline, supported by an extensive sampling program and in-clinic feeding trials is also helping drive Hill's therapeutic business. And finally, we're really excited about our latest innovation, Hill's Ideal Balance Crafted, expected to launch next quarter. Capitalizing on the growing trend of the humanization of pets, this superpremium price product offers authentic ingredients prepared the right way with care and is crafted in smaller batches to help lock in the flavor. The unique ingredients such as salmon, fresh vegetable, chickpeas, buckwheat, shroud and herbs are customized for dogs and cats. The compelling packaging reinforces the product's attributes. So in summary, we're pleased that our businesses continue to grow our around the world. Our focused strategies are serving us well. Our new product pipeline is as full as ever, and a broad array of new products launched globally have helped increase our leadership shares in many markets. We are providing our Colgate leaders worldwide with the tools to keep winning on the ground. We look forward to sharing our results with you as we move to the end of the year. And now, Rochelle, we'll turn it over to questions, if we could, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.
Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So first, just a clarity question. What level of organic sales growth and FX impact is implied in your 2015 earnings guidance? And the real question is, Brazil and China, clearly weak in the quarter. Obviously, Bina highlighted that trends improved at the end of the quarter but we had heard some hope. I think, last quarter the Q3 trends would improve, which didn't play out as much. So I just was hoping for a bit of a state of the union on what's causing pressure in Brazil and China, if those factors kind of linger going forward and how much visibility you have here that your business has bottomed in those markets?
Ian M. Cook: Yes, thanks, Dara. Well, let me take a little bit of a step back on the world and our categories and include China and Brazil in those comments and then take you forward to 2015. Let me start with the developed world where, I guess, we have been saying for a time that our category growth rates are in the 1% to 2% range, with Europe being at the lower end of that range and the U.S. now creeping up to the higher end of that range and that hasn't really changed. When you then turn to the emerging markets, as we have said on the last couple of calls, we came into the year from a 2013 where the growth rates were between 6% and 8% and said that the growth rates were now likely to be between 5% and 7%. And on the last call, we said that those growth rates had decelerated to the lower end of that range. And what we have seen is that during the third quarter, that has continued to be the case. In other words, those headwinds have not reversed. Now very specific to China, on the last call, we described and explained how the combination of the deceleration in consumer consumption led to a destocking of the extended distribution system in China through distributors and wholesalers and that we thought that would correct itself in response to a question, if I recall, within 60 to 90 days. And somebody said, well, does that mean the China business will come back from a Colgate volume point of view towards the end of the third quarter? Now many of us have just come back from an extended trip to Asia and I'm pleased to say that is precisely what has happened. In other words, while China for the quarter remains modestly negative, what we saw in terms of independent offtake data is consumption at about mid-single digits and the destocking working itself through the system. So as we finished the quarter, our volume was now servicing again that mid-single-digit rate of consumption. And at this point, we would say we expect that to continue. Brazil is China redux except a little bit later. I think, frankly, we were planning for a recovery following the World Cup and that didn't occur. The category growth rates repeated what we saw in China. And the inventory destocking also compounded against that reduced consumer consumption level. And again, as Bina has said, we have begun to see that come back in Brazil, with the category growth rates now in the mid-single digits. But it started a little bit later in Brazil. So it will be a little bit into the fourth quarter before it fully comes back. Pleasingly, in both cases, the consumption, which is to say what consumers are buying, continues to be at that mid-single-digit level. So for 2014, we think it prudent to say, with all of that in the mix, that our view on organic top line growth is now broader. We're saying between 4% and 7% for the year because we think that's prudent. And as we said on the release, we really have just started our 2015 budgeting process. But based on the information we have today, we think it would be prudent to likewise say that our organic growth range for 2015 will be in that 4% to 7% range.
Operator: And next, we'll move to Chris Ferrara with Wells Fargo.
Christopher Ferrara - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I guess, Ian, taking that 2015 commentary to EPS, it sounds like, based on where spot rates are today, I think, your '15 EPS preliminary outlook sounds like it would imply your healthy double digit EPS growth into 2015. And I guess, correct that if it's wrong, and if it's not, can you just talk about why you feel that level of confidence, especially with some of the macro trends that are going on out there?
Ian M. Cook: Well, in fact, Chris, thanks for the question, the EPS growth rate for next year, we have tried to be quite specific in guiding to mid to high single digits in dollar terms, not double digits. And that reflects the recent foreign exchange deterioration which, as you know, was very sharp and towards the end of the third quarter and when one goes through the various investor notes that have been written about the business, many people have come to a like conclusion in terms of what they see dollar EPS growth being. So as we said in the release, we're expecting another year of growth. And having been asked the question, we would frame it as 4% to 7% organic. We talk about expansion of the gross margin. And as we go through our budget process, you would imagine that our target continues to be that 50 to 100 basis point expansion and mid to high-single digit EPS growth in dollar terms. And that's the way we're framing and approaching 2015.
Operator: And next, we'll move to Wendy Nicholson with Citi.
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Could you talk a little bit more about the non-China markets in Asia because -- I mean, if I'm not mistaken, I think, China's only kind of like 20%, 25% of that region, and for the overall organic sales growth to be up only 1%, it still sounds like there's real weakness in the other markets. I know you called out India as being strong actually. So what else is dragging down the numbers, is it the Philippines or Malaysia, like what else is big enough to move the needle there?
Ian M. Cook: That part of the world is heavily influenced by China and India. And when Bina said India was strong, India was strong. And the Southeast Asian countries generally performed very, very well during the quarter. So it really is China and the correction of that Chinese business back to, I stress, this underlying mid-single-digit consumption rate for consumers.
Operator: And next, we'll move to Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Again, a couple of questions on what's going on in a few markets. Let's pick up where you left of on the last one on India. India is strong. I guess, the question is what's strong in India? When we look at some of the Nielsen data out of India, it shows volume decelerating throughout the quarter. At least into July, August now reaching almost down 6% for the category for toothpaste specifically. So I guess, where is the offset or is it just potentially a problem with the data? And then, secondly, we've heard Nestle, we've heard Unilever talk about some of the pricing problems or challenges throughout Europe. You've got another quarter reported here of negative price and promotion. So maybe you can comment a little bit more on what you're seeing in terms of the competitive dynamics and pricing environment throughout Europe?
Ian M. Cook: Well, let's take India first. Without getting into specifics, we have seen consistent double-digit growth in India every quarter this year. We continue to build their market share on toothpaste and on toothbrushes, our leadership market shares. I would also add by the way, with that independent study that happens every year in India, for the fourth straight year, Colgate was voted the most trusted brand in any category in India, which gives you a sense of the consumer loyalty and affection for the brand. One thing we've been doing for a while in India is expanding the strength of our distribution in the rural areas. And I would venture to say, Jason, that when you start getting to that level of distribution without in any way impugning Nielsen or other data sources, the quality of the data becomes perhaps a little bit suspect. In Europe, actually, we were pleased with Europe. There is no question that pricing has become, for some retailer, in some cases, competitor, and other, an approach, a tactic, I guess, to try and build overall growth. So we were pleased to see the volume growth we had in Europe and indeed the modest organic growth along with good-sized margin -- gross margin expansion delivering goods financial results there. And as Bina said in her comments, and I think we have taken this view for some time now in Europe, I think, we are clear-eyed about the growth rates that can be expected there and we have put an extraordinary focus on reorganizing our European business to make it structurally efficient against a flat line growth rate. And I think, we're seeing the benefits of that. And we're also seeing market shares improve, as Bina mentioned in her prepared remarks. So this hubbing that we have moved to in Europe is working very well for us against 1 of the objectives we had, which was to strengthen our executional capability on the ground.
Operator: And next, we'll move to Bill Schmitz with Deutsche Bank.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Can you just talk about the Colgate Total growth in the quarter and if this triclosan nonsense is done? And then, I do have a follow-up.
Ian M. Cook: Yes, it was done, Bill, until you raised it.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: No one listens to me I promise.
Ian M. Cook: The share is flat. You may have seen Javier's [ph] note where they ran an independent survey, I think, with 2,500 people, which basically suggested that the awareness was vanishingly low. In fact, lower than other ingredients in toothpaste products. And obviously, as you would imagine, we have like tracking data which shows the same thing. So it is a non-issue. Your follow on?
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Ian, I just wanted to ask you, is the destocking all done globally now? And do you think the U.S. is like really pulling out? Some of the data points, it seemed like the U.S. is really starting to accelerate in the last month or so.
Ian M. Cook: Yes, let's not get too excited. I think, the U.S. is showing modest acceleration. But these things have tended to be lumpy. But I tried to imply that in my remark on category growth that we are indeed seeing the U.S. upshift towards the higher end of that 2% range. On the destocking, given the vastness of the 2 geographies and the indirect nature of the distribution, China, which we talked about in the second quarter, we believe on the data we see is done, was done by the end of the third quarter. Brazil is on the way to being done and that will be completed during the fourth quarter. There are no other spots of destocking.
Operator: And next, we'll move to Ali Dibadj with Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: I want to get a better sense of why you believe that you can go back to double-digit dollar base earnings growth long term, because you haven't done in the past 5 years or so, including this year. And I guess, another way to ask the question is what do you need to get back to that target? And if your answer is macro and FX, then how should we all think about your level of defensiveness and indeed the whole industry's level of defensiveness and macro insensitivity versus history?
Ian M. Cook: Wow. I haven't finished Picasso's book yet so I'm not sure how to answer the question. I think, Ali, the way to think about it perhaps would be on a relative basis. I mean, I think, for the last several years, we have seen things happening in our world that have been truly unusual and volatile events. Many of them having implications both in terms of consumer purchasing behavior and fundamentally foreign exchange, as people run from risk to perceived safety and they impact companies severely in the short term. So while we return to a better macro environment and a more stable foreign exchange environment, I guess, the way to think about it is on a relative basis.
Operator: And next, we'll move to Steve Powers with UBS.
Stephen Powers - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Going back to China and Brazil, I guess, one question on China and Brazil and then sort of an unrelated question, if you'll entertain it, on Venezuela. First on, just on the volume declines in China and Brazil, are you able to parse out at all how much of those declines were true unit declines versus negative mix and trade down, because I can see how the unit volumes could reaccelerate substantially and sustainably with inventory rebalancing but a trading down trend or less trade-up anyway might be harder to overcome without macro relief. And then, on Venezuela, it would seem that you're now running the risk of operating at a loss, maybe a material loss in that market with this latest devaluation. Although I know, in your Q, you've got some price relief that's come through, which is good. So I'm trying to balancing those 2 things out. Will Venezuela now be running at a loss? And if so, can you frame for us how far you're willing to go in incurring losses in that market because it's hard to see how things get better before they get worse at least from a currency perspective.
Ian M. Cook: Yes, I mean, to answer the Venezuela question first, Steve, we're not running at a loss. I think, Venezuela is about 3% of the company's sales and about 1% of the company's operating profit. And as you rightly observed, I think we mentioned on the last call that we felt we had been in very constructive discussion with the government relative to pricing. And indeed, we were granted pricing basically across our portfolio in Venezuela, which won't actually move to the marketplace meaningfully until the fourth quarter and will modestly improve our position there. So indeed, we view that as a positive, and certainly, we'll not see Venezuela in a loss-making position. In China and Brazil, we run a dollar-weighted volume anyway. From our reporting point of view, when we look at the information we have from independent trade surveys, we can track that, whether you look at volume or value. The destocking, as I said earlier in China, is now through. And we are back to meeting consumption with our shipments. And in Brazil, it is in like fashion working its way through the system and will be completed in the fourth quarter. It really was the distribution system catching up to the succession of consumer slowdowns but that consumer consumption now seems set mid-single digits and now our shipments are coming back to that.
Operator: And we'll move on to Olivia Tong with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Olivia Tong - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Can you talk about what's driving that 50 to 100 basis point gross margin acceleration next year when presumably, FX and raw materials are still a drag, at least in the first half, and it sounds like incremental savings don't start kicking in until later in the year and then maybe this is an opportunity to also give the gross margin bridge for this quarter?
Ian M. Cook: I was wondering when somebody would do that. Okay. Let's start with the gross profit roll-forward. So last year, it was 59. In this quarter, we pick up a 50 basis point benefit from pricing. Between the restructuring program and our Funding the Growth savings, we pick up 230 basis points, essentially in line with last year. Material prices sequentially worsened from the 2.5 basis points negative -- 2.5 point negative in the third quarter to 3 and you've got 20 basis points of mix, et cetera, and that brings you to the current year at 58, 640 basis points down. Now if we take that and look forward, first thing to say, our Funding the Growth program remains strong. Secondly, our restructuring program remains strong. Third, given the timing of pricing that we took in the third quarter and the Venezuelan price increases, we are now realizing in the fourth quarter, we expect pricing to be a more significant component of offsetting the material price headwinds. Looking forward, again, we have not finished our budgeting process. But in terms of some of the underlying commodity costs, one would say that there are emerging signs of weakness. And one would also say that in terms of oil, even though there is a lead lag before you get the full benefit of that, we have gone into our budget with a $100 assumption and we know where oil sits today. So it will be a combination of the funding the growth where material prices really end up after we have been through the diligence of our budgeting and pricing.
Operator: And Caroline Levy with CLSA will have our next question.
Caroline S. Levy - CLSA Limited, Research Division: I wonder if you could elaborate a little bit on Europe? And there's been some upheaval in the retail environment there. And is any risk of inventories getting stock in the system there and what are the risks you still see going forward in Europe?
Ian M. Cook: Yes, I think, the risks are pretty much out there for all to see. I'm not sure retailer-specific will be an issue. I think, I know the retailer to whom you are referring. But we have, in those kind of environment, all sorts of checks and balances in terms of inventory against consumption. And I think it highly unlikely that such a situation would arise in the European environment.
Operator: And we'll move on to Connie Maneaty with BMO.
Constance Marie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: A follow-up on Venezuela. Is the pricing you're getting in the fourth quarter, do you view it as a onetime event or do you think the ability to price to offset inflation is coming back? And then, because of the pricing, will the impact of the devaluation in 2015, assuming rates stay the same, be lower than the $0.03 you're expecting in the fourth quarter?
Ian M. Cook: We -- I will offer nothing on 2015, Connie. We really have not got that far at all. And all I can say about the pricing we have received is that the government provided specific direction as to the categories that we were permitted to take pricing in and indeed what the level would be by category and by size within that category. So I think, it would be perhaps nave to assume that, that would allow companies to take pricing as they wish. And I think, any future pricing would be, likewise, a similar discussion with the government. So I don't necessarily view it as a onetime, but I don't view it as opening the door to companies taking pricing at will.
Operator: And next, we'll move on to Alice Longley with Buckingham Research.
Alice Beebe Longley - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: I have a couple of follow-up questions on China. You said that demand is growing mid-single digits and I guess you expect your shipments to start growing at that amount -- at that rate starting now. Does that include online sales? And could you also tell us what percentage of your sales there now are online and give us some sense of how quickly that's shifting? And also, how much of that growth is price? And then, finally, I'm just wondering whether the shift to online could be 1 of the reasons that there was an inventory issue. Maybe there was too much inventory in 1 channel versus this other channel that's growing faster?
Ian M. Cook: So to respond Alice thanks for the question, yes, the consumer offtake has returned to that mid-single digits level. And yes, our sales are now servicing that level of consumption. So we saw that in the last month of the quarter. And it would be fair to say that's what we expect going forward. Relative to online, I know in some categories in China, online is a large and fast growth segment or retail environment. But in our business, it's not so. We are represented, but the amount of business done online in our categories is de minimis and I don't think would have in any way, affected the trade destocking. And as we look forward to 2015 in terms of the balance between pricing and volume for a country, again, we haven't finished our budgeting process and I probably wouldn't say anyway.
Operator: And we'll move on to Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just wondering if you could talk a little bit about the advertising and commercial investment mix because Bina pointed out in the prepared remarks that the total basket of spending was still [indiscernible] and advertising was down. So what is your, I guess, plan for that over the next couple of quarters? Was this in somewhat reactionary to the more competitive environment in the U.S.? But is it really -- is that the same around the world? If there's a bit more in-store promotion going on versus advertising? What were some of the decisions made and how I guess not permanent but how sticky do you think they'll prove to be?
Ian M. Cook: If I sort of take a 20,000 view around the world, 20,000-foot view around on the world, we have seen in many markets competitors reduce their advertising weight in market and shift spending to price promotion or coupon-driven promotion, perhaps in the quest for short-term volume. You have no choice at some level but to respond to that. So part of it is that. Part of it, as we have said for a long time and we must find a way of being more articulate about it, but part of it is structural in terms of the way you engage with consumers. With the techniques we have today, in-store engagement, the sharper marketing we talked about with consumers, which often comes out of trade spending, can be a very effective way of building trial for a product. So some of it is a conscious shift to techniques that we know work when you can target particular consumers in different retail environments. And as we think forward, our preferred view, as we have said before as well, is that we believe in driving growth, particularly when markets are growing less fast through innovation and innovation supported by advertising that generates trial, not price promotion. And therefore, our planning assumptions or our thinking going forward is that we would see that traditional below-the-line advertising come back. But we would not let ourselves become disadvantaged tactically as time unfolds. But our preferred model is innovation-led advertising, supported with quality execution on the ground that makes your product irresistible in store. By your product, I mean our product.
Operator: And we'll move on to Javier Escalante with Consumer Edge Research.
Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Ian, a little bit of a follow-up to Lauren's question with regards to trader spending and couponing and all that. Do you think that -- are you getting -- now that you shifted more toward trader spending, are you getting the volume lift that you hope or not? And if you did, are you -- are we going to see more of flattish advertising versus trader spending? And related to that, also to what extent -- what are the issues you see that market share gains have slowed, either because Unilever is no longer losing as much share in toothpaste and Procter is more aggressive in some of the key markets like China and Brazil?
Ian M. Cook: Yes, where to start. The -- I think, it's fair to say that the adjustments we made and I think we've talked at the beginning of the year about Mexico and the U.S., as Bina has commented, have been effective in rebuilding our market share. And that was something we believe we had to do in the face of the competitive activity. We don't see that as a permanent strategy and I would come back and say innovation-led, advertising-supported but irresistible in store is the way we would think about prioritizing our spending. In terms of the share discussion, you'd kind of have the go around the world. Suffice it to say, you mentioned China, I would say, in China, we have approaching a 34% market share in China, and both our principal multinational competitors are seeing share decline. And so from an aggression point of view, honestly, we aren't seeing it. And we're not -- we're certainly not seeing it in the market share. So it's a market-by-market thing. And in Mexico and the U.S., it was an adjustment we made. But if you take the world, our preferred approach is innovation, advertising-supported, irresistible in store.
Operator: And we'll take our final question from Mark Astrachan with Stifel.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: I wanted to talk about your expectation for 4% to 7% sales growth for 2015 in the context of lapping China and Brazil destocking, and now the commentary about pricing coming in Venezuela. So it would seem a bit like growth should be better next year relative to this year. So I guess that they're both sort of the same but how much of that is conservatism, how much of it is an assumption about category growth somewhere going up, going down. Maybe just any other color you could give sort on the underlying expectations for next year would be helpful.
Ian M. Cook: Yes, 4% to 7%, Mark, allows it to get better. But I think, just based on everything you see in the world today, it seemed prudent to widen that range a little because who knows what next year brings. I think, when we speak again after our fourth quarter and we would have been through our budgeting process, we will be in a far better position to perhaps give a sharper guidance at that time. So I think, this brings the call to a close. I thank you all for joining us. Thank you very much for the interest in the company and the questions you always have. And thank you, again, to all those Colgate people who may be listening. We value the work you do. Goodbye.
Operator: And that does conclude today's call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-31 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Bina H. Thompson - Former Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Ian M. Cook - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
Analysts: Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Alice Beebe Longley - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated Christopher Ferrara - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division William B. Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Olivia Tong - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Michael Steib - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Brian Doyle - CLSA Limited, Research Division Constance Marie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research, LLC Stephen Powers - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Alec Patterson Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgatepalmolive.com. Today's conference call will include forward-looking statements. These statements are made on the basis of the company's views and assumptions as of this time and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual events or results may differ materially from these statements. For information about certain factors that could cause such differences, investors should consult the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on the company's website, including the information set forth under the captions Risk Factors and Cautionary Statement on Forward-looking Statements. This conference call will also include a discussion of non-GAAP financial measures, which differ from the company's results prepared in accordance with GAAP. The company will discuss organic sales growth, which is not net sales growth, excluding foreign exchange, acquisitions and divestitures. The company will also discuss gross profit, gross profit margin, SG&A as a percent of net sales, operating profit, operating profit margin, net income and earnings per share on a diluted basis, excluding the impact of these items described in the press release. A full reconciliation with the corresponding GAAP measures is included in the press release and is posted in the For Investors section of the company's website at www.colgatepalmolive.com. Just as a reminder, there will be a slight delay before the question-and-answer session begins due to the web simulcast. Now for the opening remarks, I'd like to turn the call over to the Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Bina Thompson. Please go ahead, Bina.
Bina H. Thompson: Thank you, Angela. Good morning, and welcome to our second quarter 2014 earnings conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, President, Chairman and CEO; Dennis Hickey, CFO; Victoria Dolan, Corporate Controller; and Elaine Paik, Treasurer. We're happy to report another quarter of good organic sales growth with every division participating. Consistent with other companies in our industry, we are facing increased macroeconomic pressure in certain areas of the world. Category growth has slowed somewhat in geographies such as Asia, a factor which we actually referenced last quarter. On the other hand, we see some encouraging signs of slow recovery in some European markets. Competition remains healthy and promotional battles continue. However, our new product pipeline is as full as ever and our commercial investment behind our launches has increased worldwide, a careful balance between media spending and in-store activity, and this has resulted in solid market shares, many categories and geographies and showing positive trends in the most recent periods. Our Global Growth and Efficiency Program is on track and savings from that are supplementing our ongoing Funding the Growth initiatives, which are as healthy as ever. Both of these contributed to our 20 basis point increase in gross margin. Offsetting these savings were increases in raw and packaging material costs, as well as continued foreign currency transaction pressure. Our 3 business service centers around the world are now up and running, in Warsaw, Mexico City and Mumbai. The hubbing activities are complete in Europe and are well underway elsewhere in the world, which will make us even more nimble and effective winning on the ground. And of course, our balance sheet is strong and cash generation is solid. So let's turn to the divisions, starting with North America. Organic sales growth in North America was modest. The volume growth of 2.5% was of course on top of the very robust increase in the year-ago quarter of 6%, reflecting the initial launch of Colgate Total Mouthwash. We have an exciting innovation launching as we speak, which I'll discuss in a moment. Pleasingly, versus the second quarter of 2013, our 2014 second quarter shares increased in toothpaste, toothbrushes, deodorants, body wash and fabric conditioners, and our mouthwash shares have steadied at about 6.5%. Trial and repeat numbers for Colgate Total Mouthwash are above previous recent competitive launches and the product has been instrumental in driving overall category growth. Our recent launch of Suavitel Fast Dry fabric conditioner has also met with success. Our quarterly national share is at a record 18.6%, up 170 basis points versus the second quarter of 2013. And this is a product which is largely sold in Hispanic markets, where it holds a 36.2% share on a year-to-date basis, fast closing the gap between us and the leading competitor. So looking ahead, our latest toothpaste innovation here in the U.S. is Colgate enamel health toothpaste. The enamel strengthening segment is the fastest-growing in the toothpaste category, with 54% of consumers concerned about enamel. This new product replenishes natural calcium and other minerals back into weakened enamel, filling in rough spots while at the same time, polishing the enamel surface so germs are less likely to stick on the teeth. The formula has an active fluoride system, along with gentle on enamel silica and the product comes in 2 variance, whitening and sensitivity relief. In addition, the impact for packaging is interactive with a touch-and-feel demo showing acid soft in rough enamel and healthy smooth enamel. So as you would imagine, we have a very robust integrated marketing campaign planned, including television, print, public relations, professional, digital, social, mobile and in-store activities. Turning to Europe/South Pacific. We're very encouraged with our progress in Europe and are cautiously optimistic that some of the macroeconomic headwinds we have been facing are beginning to die down. Our organic sales growth of 2.5% reflects the balance between volume and price where we have had strong promotional activities across the region to support new product launches. And this has paid off in terms of market share. Our Oral Care shares are strong across the category and is showing good momentum in toothpaste. Our year-to-date market share is at 35.2%, up 70 basis points from the year-ago period, with the most recent share at 35.4%. And of particular note is the U.K. where despite an ongoing competitive battle, our year-to-date share is just shy of 50%, up a full point with the most recent lead over 51%, a record high. In manual toothbrushes, our year-to-date regional share is up 90 basis points to 23.5%, with the most recent lead at 24%, consolidating our #1 position. And this was in part fueled by excellent progress in the U.K. where we've achieved a record 37.5% share year-to-date. And in mouthwash, our share is up 10 basis points to 16.4% on a year-to-date basis, with the most recent lead at 16.9%. We're very excited about the launch of Colgate Maximum Cavity Protection with Sugar Acid Neutralizer across Europe and the South Pacific. First quarter launches in Australia and Norway have achieved 3.7% and 3.5% shares, respectively, in the most recent period. We've only just launched in the U.K. where, as I mentioned, we are reaching record market share levels and we'll introduce the product across the Rest of Europe in the balance of the year. In Germany, where our share is up 140 basis points to 41.2% on a year-to-date basis, we've launched it under the elmex brand. More new products are planned for the second half of this year as well. We'll continue the rollout of Colgate Max White One Optic. Whitening is the second-biggest segment in toothpaste in Europe and we hold the #1 position. Similarly, in manual toothbrushes, we will continue the rollout of Colgate Slim Soft Charcoal toothbrush, a product which, as you know, was developed in Asia but is met with great success in other parts of the world. And innovation in the mouthwash category is Colgate Plax Deep Clean mouthwash, which provides a deep effective clean even in hard-to-reach areas. The product contains 2 natural ingredients, eucalyptol and propolis, that are well known to the consumer. Eucalyptus is known for cooling and antibacterial properties and propolis for its protective properties. Turning then to Latin America. We're very pleased with the continued strong organic sales growth in this region. This growth was broadly based. One exception was Brazil, where our consumers were glued to their televisions during the World Cup and not spending time in stores, a temporary condition which we expect should reverse itself in the second half of this year. Market shares continue to climb. In the press release, we cited record toothpaste shares in a number of countries. Our year-to-date manual toothbrush shares also achieved record highs in Brazil, Chile, Peru, Puerto Rico and Uruguay. In Brazil, Colgate Maximum Cavity Protection with Sugar Acid Neutralizer toothpaste has achieved a 2.3% share year-to-date, lifting our overall share to a record 71.9%. In Mexico, our toothpaste share has been over 80% for the last 3 months, and while we don't have readings yet in national Nielsen shares, Colgate Maximum Cavity Protection with Sugar Acid Neutralizer toothpaste in Mexico has registered a 3 point share in ScanTrack. And as in other regions around the world, the launch of Colgate Slim Soft toothbrush has met with success in Latin America. In Brazil, our share is up 80 basis points to 32.8% year-to-date on the strength of both Colgate 360 and Colgate Slim Soft, both of which are superpremium priced, helping to increase margins. In Mexico, our manual toothbrush leadership share climbed to a record 44.9% in the most recent period. And our mouthwash share across the region is up 30 basis points to 36.3%, while our principal competitor is down almost a full point to 38.8%. In the Personal Care category, we've increased our underarm share in Mexico as a result of new products such as Men's and Lady Speed Stick stress. We're now the leader in bar soaps across Latin America with Protex and Palmolive holding the #1 and 2 positions, respectively. And in fabric conditioners, our regional share is up over 2 points to 50.8% year-to-date, with the most recent lead at 51%. And more innovation is planned for the second half. During the third quarter, we will be launching Colgate Total Professional Breath Health toothpaste. Dentists advise their patients that bad breath can be caused not just by food odors, but also by the accumulation of bacteria in the mouth. This breath-freshening toothpaste formula with breakthrough neutral odor technology is scientifically proven to fight and neutralize bad breath-causing bacteria. Next month, we are introducing Colgate Luminous White Instant toothpaste. Its exclusive formula with optic brighteners activates while you brush for a visibly whiter smile instantly. And in the Personal Care category, this month, we're launching Lady Speed Stick Aclarado Perfecto with Vitamin E. Its formula was, with Vitamin E and pearl extract, was perceived in a consumer test to help restore the skin's natural tone, while also providing sweat protection for up to 48 hours. Turning then to Asia. While organic sales growth in this region slowed from the first quarter pace, this quarter was compared to the strongest quarter of last year, which saw organic sales growth at a very strong 13%. Macroeconomic factors in China affected our results, and we told you on our last call about some categories slowing and, in fact, that did happen. However, as referenced in the press release, we continued to see strong growth in other countries in the region, such as India, and innovation continues to help drive market share increases. In toothpaste, our market share in India is up 70 basis points on a year-to-date basis to 54.8%, with the most recent period at 55.1% and this in the face of recent competitive entries. The revitalization of Colgate Active Salt, a toothpaste with a unique salt formula that gives deep clean feeling and helps fight germs for strong teeth and healthy gums, helps drive these results. In Malaysia, our share increased 50 basis points to 73.5% year-to-date, with the most recent lead at 74.5%. This was our first Asian market to launch Colgate Maximum Cavity Protection with Sugar Acid Neutralizer toothpaste. And in just 6 months, it's achieved almost a 4% share of the market. Our toothbrush share across the division is up to 30.6% year-to-date, fueled by increases in India, Thailand, Philippines, Malaysia, Singapore and Taiwan. In India, new product such as Colgate Super Flexi have resulted in an increase of 240 basis points to 43.5% year-to-date, with the most recent lead at 43.7%. Our mouthwash business is solid as well, with a regional share year-to-date of 21.8%, up 110 basis points. Colgate Plax Jasmine Tea, a mouthwash which provides long-lasting fresh breath with a pleasant jasmine tea flavor, has contributed to very good results in Thailand and the Philippines, where total mouthwash shares are up year-over-year 170 basis points and 380 basis points, respectively. Colgate Plax Herbal Salt mouthwash, which was launched in Malaysia and Singapore and contributed 80 basis points and 250 basis points, respectively, in the initial lead, will launch in India as Colgate Plax Active Salt during the fourth quarter. As you may know, the Indian consumer habit is to rinse one's mouth with salt water, so this innovation should resonate well in this market. Of course, more innovation is planned for the second half of this year. We will continue to roll out Colgate Maximum Cavity Protection with Sugar Acid Neutralizer toothpaste. In China, we'll be launching Colgate Tea health toothpaste, which provides refreshing breath with a pleasant longjing tea flavor. Longjing is a popular and premium type of tea in China, which is associated with multiple types of benefits, including healthy teeth and refreshing breath. We will also be launching the Colgate HT1 toothbrush, with 7-way cleaning, with the following benefits: Cleans teeth surface, removes bacteria, is gentles on gums, cleans in between the teeth, absorbs brushing pressure and is easy to maneuver. And in Thailand, we will be launching Colgate Plax Tartar Control mouthwash, an exciting addition to our strong mouthwash portfolio in that country. This mouthwash provides the dual benefit of tartar control and breath freshening all at once. Turning then to Africa/Eurasia. We're encouraged with the continued solid organic sales growth in this region. Of particular note was Russia, where despite an uncertain political and macroeconomic environment, new products such as Colgate Altai Herbs toothpaste, Colgate Total interdental toothpaste and Colgate Optic White Instant toothpaste helped drive strong growth. Toothpaste and toothbrush shares remained solid across the region. Innovation in the mouthwash category has delivered good share results. In Russia, we told you last quarter about Colgate Altai Herbs mouthwash, which contains an ingredient well known to the local consumer, a comparison product -- companion product to the previously mentioned toothpaste. Our mouthwash share in Russia is up year-to-date 170 basis points to 27.5%. In Turkey, our newly launched Colgate Plax Green mouthwash has resulted in a market share increase of 120 basis points to 20.5% year-to-date. And we're also very pleased with the continued success in our shower gel business across the region, where we hold a leadership position of 22%, up almost 2 full points year-over-year. Palmolive Gourmet Spa has driven increases of 220 basis points and 400 basis points in Russia and Turkey, respectively. And the recent launch of Palmolive Thermal Skin Renewal resulted in an increase of 5 points in South Africa. More innovation is planned. In the Eurasian markets, we are introducing Colgate Total Pro Whitening toothpaste. And here, as elsewhere, the premium price whitening segment is very important to the overall toothpaste category. In Russia, consumers believe in the power of natural ingredients and traditional recipes to improve oral health. Accordingly, we're launching the Colgate Natural Extracts toothbrush, containing pine tree bristles, with premium differentiated and impactful packaging designed to stand out on shelf. As I mentioned earlier, our Palmolive Gourmet Spa line of shower gels has been very successful, and we hope to build on that success with 2 new variants to be added to the existing chocolate, vanilla and strawberry. The new creamy coffee and peach sorbet variants are infused with natural extracts and their creamy formulas smooths the skin. As you would expect, we will have a very strong integrated marketing campaign to support this launch. Then turning to Hill's. Hill's business continues to be solid. General softness in the pet superstores has been affecting us and others as well here in the U.S. However, we're encouraged by our continued stream of innovation, which we expect to drive growth going forward. Our rollout of Hill's Ideal Balance continues to meet with success. Here in the U.S., our share of the naturals category continues to grow. And in addition to the regular Ideal Balance, we launched Ideal Balance Slim & Healthy in the second quarter for both dogs and cats. Support activities included features and coupon brochure handouts, brand ambassador coupons and nutritional consultant coupons. In Europe, we launched in the U.K. and Germany in April and May, respectively. And so far, we've seen very good trade acceptance, with listing in the major accounts supported by promotional activities, as well as secondary placements. In the store, we activated with branded gondola ends, demonstrators in key accounts and indoor and outdoor posters and point-of-sale materials. And in addition, we featured the product at consumer pet shows and through testimonial campaigns. On the therapeutic side of the business, our 2013 launch of Prescription Diet metabolic continues to do well both here and abroad. In the U.S., our sales are exceeding our expectations. Our commercial support includes before and after imagery, along with videos online. And this quarter, we've globally launched an antioxidant upgrade to the product. In greater Europe, we've widened the gap between our nearest competitor from 2 points to 8, establishing a clear leadership share of 47% year-to-date in the weight category. Another important therapeutic category is feline urinary, a category where we were underrepresented until the launch of Prescription Diet c/d. New platforms such as efficacy, stress, ocean fish and stew were added in the second quarter here in the U.S., all supported with in-clinic sampling and messaging at professional conferences. Similar activities in Europe have resulted in a 130 basis point increase in our share of the category to almost 30% year-to-date. Looking forward, this quarter, we will continue the rollout of Ideal Balance Slim & Healthy and Science Diet Perfect Weight, our new wellness weight-loss products in markets outside the U.S. And for the fourth quarter, we have more exciting news, which we will share with you soon. So in summary, we're pleased that we continue to drive organic sales around the world with good bottom line growth. Our new product pipeline is as full as ever and our market shares are healthy and growing in many regions. Colgate people everywhere are working hard to keep us winning on the ground. We look forward to sharing our results with you as we go forward through the balance of the year. And now before with turn it over to Q&A, Ian would like to make a few remarks. Ian?
Ian M. Cook: Thanks, Bina. Many of you may remember that on the first quarter call, as we began the Q&A, I took the time to make some preliminary remarks on the shape of this year and it seems appropriate to open by doing the same in this quarter. Clearly, we saw a slowdown in the top line pace of the company in the second quarter, and that really began towards the very end of the quarter. And as you break that down, one contributing factor is further emerging market weakness in our categories as we see the macro economic weaknesses finally come more sharply to our categories. You will recall on the first quarter call that we revised the category growth rates for the emerging markets down to a 5% to 7% range from the previous 6% to 8%. And based on what we saw in the second quarter, we see for the balance of the year those emerging markets still posting good growth but at the lower end of that range. In the developed markets, for the Colgate businesses, category growth continues at 1% to 2%, with some growing optimism, I would say, in Europe. Hill's, as you heard, experienced channel-specific slowdown here in the U.S., which we are already seeing recover as this quarter begins. As you heard very clearly from Bina, our market shares around the world continue to be strong and accelerating in Mexico and the U.S., 2 particular geographies that we were focusing on since the beginning of the year. And our innovation pipeline is deep and rich, not just for the balance of 2014 but into 2015 as well. We continue to feel that the strategy we have been deploying for several years, a strategy that focuses on building brands with our consumers, creating innovation that drives growth, maintaining the efficiency and effectiveness that funds that growth and developing a cadre of leadership to continue to manage the company, continue to be the right strategy, as does our execution on the fundamentals of our business around the world. We believe both remain correct, and that is what we are redoubling our focus on for the balance of this year. So with that as a backdrop, while we continue to expect organic growth for the company this year to be in that 5% to 7% range, albeit towards the lower end of that range given the current world environment. On the material cost side, we have seen further increases in material costs, including topical oils and several of the agricultural commodities that affect the Hill's business and, of course, the continued transaction headwinds due to foreign exchange. And because of that, we now see gross margin expectations for the year move to a 30 to 50 basis point range, with Funding the Growth maintained at historically strong levels, as you will see when I go through the gross margin roll forward and, of course, more pricing across the balance of the year. Behind that strong innovation stream, advertising and the increasingly important commercial investment of in-store work will both be up. The restructuring program remains on track, and we continue to expect after-tax savings of between $90 million and $110 million, and that tax rate, as you would expect, remains in the 31% to 32% range. As you saw in the press release, we remain comfortable with our 4% to 5% dollar EPS range and you may recall the walk-through that we provided on our first quarter call, which guided to the middle of that range guidance that I would reiterate. So in summary, we believe the strategy that we are deploying and the focus on the fundamentals that we have remain the right ones. Our market shares are strong. Our innovation is robust, and I think we can continue to demonstrate the agility and the flexibility to react to the volatile world that we are all doing business in. So with those as introductory remarks, Angela, perhaps we could now open the lines to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we will now go to Wendy Nicholson with Citi Research.
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I guess a couple of things. There's a lot there, Ian, in your final comments. But in terms of the macro slowdown, I think you commented that it happened very late in the second quarter and I guess that concerns me because outside of Brazil, every region saw I think a deceleration in your organic sales growth and at least came in below my expectations. And I have a hard time believing that, that all happened very late in the quarter. And in terms of kind of going forward from here, how quickly do you expect a pickup? How quickly do you expect a reacceleration? I guess, specifically, with regard to pricing and what you mentioned about commodity inflation, how quickly can you put some pricing in place so that even that tempered top line growth outlook is achievable at this point?
Ian M. Cook: Yes. Well, obviously, Wendy, that is why I tried to make the introductory remarks because clearly, from the early notes, those are exactly the questions on people's minds. If you track through the organic and focus on the emerging markets, we were actually quite pleased with the organic growth that we sustained in Latin America. The big variation, of course, is in Asia. And clearly, the world macros out there have been volatile and weak in some cases for a time. But beyond the adjustment we made in the first quarter, we had not seen that come through to our categories and it did so in the second quarter and it did late in the second quarter. The other factor, as I mentioned, was related to Hill's. And as I just said in my remarks, we've already seen that -- Hill's bounce back. The important point to make is that the underlying category growths are in that mid-single-digit range, as I said. What you get from a volume point of view is that in large geographies, like a China for example, with a very complex distribution system, you get an inventory reaction that works its way through the system that has a short-term impact. That was the impact we felt in the second quarter as we look forward at the consumption rates, in other words, the consumer purchase rates with them in the mid-single-digits area. And with the pricing plans we have clearly in place for the second half of the year, we feel comfortable with that more tempered organic volume growth for the entire company at the lower end of that 5% to 7% range. So it's the underlying consumer purchasing that gives us confidence.
Operator: And we will now go to Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Ian, you're now expecting sales at the low end of where you were, gross margins moving a little bit lower. Maybe you can just walk us through a couple of the offsets that help you keep EPS sort of the midpoint of where you were still intact?
Ian M. Cook: Well, we obviously have the restructuring program, which we have underway. I talked about advertising for the year. As I said, the total commercial spend will be up and the advertising will be up on the year on a ratio basis. It will be more in line with the strong levels of last year. And when you work all of that through, with the guidance we provided in the first quarter on the EPS that brings in the year.
Operator: And we will now go to Ali Dibadj with Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: So it's a little -- I mean, I think it's unusual, Ian, for you to do one of these prepared remarks. I'm just trying to figure out the severity of things. Was it really that bad of a slowdown in the emerging markets? And even if it is, you've historically been relatively immune to slowdowns as we've seen in the past. I wanted to know, you think that's changed for your business? Or is that much worse? In that context, secondarily, if you could talk about the double-digit constant currency earnings target for this year. It sounds like you're not going to make that. I just want confirmation of that. And if it changes your view, given what you're seeing in the emerging markets right now, about this company being a double-digit earnings company over the next few years.
Ian M. Cook: Okay. So to answer your second question, the growth this year is not double digits. So I confirm that in a constant currency basis. But it does not change our view, our strategic view, that for the longer term, this is a double-digit earnings company. As far as your comment on the prepared remarks and the slowdown on the top line, frankly, the only reason we elected to do it this way was because otherwise what you do is you usurp somebody's question in order to make some opening comments, which seemed unfair. So we simply thought it was cleaner to do it this way. So I apologize if trying to be proper in the presentation created a sense that things were somehow bad, which we do not believe they are. We do see a volatile world. We have tried consistently in that volatile world to deliver the agility and the flexibility necessary to keep driving our business ahead of the market growth, which is why Bina spent so much time on the market shares, because our market shares are strong and growing in key markets. So this is us just reacting to a deceleration in our marketplaces in order to outperform what we see now as the probable growth rate in our categories for the balance of this year. And we just wanted to be as clear as possible about that.
Operator: And we will now go to Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.
Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Ian, can you discuss your market share performance so far for the SAC anti-cavity toothpaste where it's been launched and incrementality to your business? And then also on a related note, given the healthy innovation pipeline you pointed to, do you think you're investing enough in marketing here or will you temper the marketing a bit given the top line dynamics out there?
Ian M. Cook: Yes. I think Bina went through quite a few. In fact, almost all of the market shares we have so far on superior anti-cavity. And indeed, it has been predominantly incremental in the marketplaces we have gone to. So you're seeing share performance, I would say, in broad terms, depending on when the markets were entered, between 1.5% and 5% Turkey, 1.5% Brazil, as Bina quoted, Malaysia, 4%; Australia, 4%; New Zealand, approaching 5%; Greece, over 2%; Norway, 3.5%, as Bina said; and Mexico, 3%, albeit that, that is ScanTrack data. And you heard that the Mexico shares are back up over 80 and the Brazil share is at an all-time high of 72. So the more important breeding for us on superior anti-cavity, frankly, is that the trial rate is building very, very nicely. We have now 6 months data in, and it is significantly ahead of the category average and the repeat rates are dead in line with premium category entries in the category. So we're seeing it in the share. But more importantly, we're seeing it in the consumer behavior. And on the support behind the new products, no, the levels of advertising spend, and I'm now talking the traditional below-the-line advertising, are at compared to our history, elevated levels. They're in line with the strong levels we had last year. They are clearly focused behind the innovation in terms of building awareness, getting recommendation. And we keep trying to stress this point, but it sometimes is difficult, I guess, to make the impression that part of our investment to build brands with consumers and generate trial of new products comes in activity that we do at the store level, and that activity is captured in trade spending. So it doesn't go into the traditional advertising line. But when you think of consumer purchasing behavior and the techniques available to you today at retail, it's an enormously important part of building brand and provoking trial purchase. So we're managing very carefully between those 2 investment buckets, the traditional advertising and the overall commercial spending, to make sure, the example I just gave on superior anti-cavity, that we're generating trial above category norms so the repeat multiplies on a higher than normal trial base. So the answer is, we continue to believe we have a very well balanced plan behind the innovation for the year.
Operator: And we will now go to Alice Longley with Buckingham Research Brokerage.
Alice Beebe Longley - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: With your guidance for the year that organic sales growth will be at the lower end of 5% to 7%, it looks like you have to get some acceleration from the 4% in the second quarter to get there. And you already talked about Hill's. Where else might we see some improvement, maybe Latin America because people won't be so glued to their TV sets and maybe the U.S. on innovation. But if you could just tell us more where we get improvement in the second half versus the second quarter that would be good.
Ian M. Cook: Well, first, Alice, I would say that the prevailing rate you have to get to in the second half is pretty much what you would have delivered in the first half. So yes, there is the second quarter 4%. And as we look at the balance of the year, given the underlying consumption rate that I mentioned in the emerging markets and, particularly, in Asia, that would clearly be a business area where we would expect the organic growth to come back. And as I commented on the Hill's business with the specific channel issue in the second quarter which we're already seeing come back, we would expect to see that in Hill's as well. So if you were pointing to 2 particular areas, it would be those areas. And who knows, we may get wild optimism in Europe.
Operator: And we will now go to Chris Ferrara with Wells Fargo.
Christopher Ferrara - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I guess the question is, how do you -- how does your new view on the category growth dynamic affect your decisions on pricing, if at all, all right? Because I know at least one of your major global competitors has said that competitive levels in the markets are affecting their ability to price for currency. You said that you expect more pricing in the back half. But how does that work for you guys? Would you now take less pricing than you would've thought than before?
Ian M. Cook: Well, remember, Chris, when you think about pricing, what you're actually trying to do is to get the average selling price up. So there are many ways of doing that. List price is clearly part of it. But there are many other techniques that we deploy strategically and tactically to elevate the ASP, premiumization, changes in your promotional activity. So there are many techniques that we deploy. And the reason we made the comment about the market shares in Mexico and the U.S. is, we got 1.5 pricing on the quarter and we have those market shares moving in the right direction. Bina went through a whole host of other market shares that are moving in the right direction. And we think we have the ability to continue to take pricing, create pricing in the second half of the year without impinging on that mid-single-digit organic growth rate. And innovation is an important part of that.
Operator: And we will now go to Bill Chappell with SunTrust.
William B. Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Ian, just kind of talking about capital allocation and looking with where the stock is today and going forward. I mean, is the EPS guidance, I assume, just assumes only the kind of $3 million a quarter share repurchase. But would you look at deploying more in this environment and from -- or are there other things out there that you're looking that have a better return at this point?
Ian M. Cook: Well, that's a very broad question, Bill. I guess the way we have thought about capital allocation over the years, obviously, one pays the dividend. Obviously, one has internal capital expenditure programs, which deliver consistently, in our case, beyond a 33% hurdle rate of return. And of course, that capital investment is elevated in periods when we go through restructuring. So right now, we're deploying a little bit more in capital expenditure than we have done historically quite purposely. And then of course, we buy back shares, as we have done, and I would say our target is still in that $1.5 billion gross range for this year. And obviously, should an acquisition candidate present itself or should we find one in various parts of the world, then we would prefer to allocate the capital in that direction. And I don't think, at least, so far, our thinking has changed in that regard.
Operator: And we will now go to Bill Schmitz with Deutsche Bank.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I don't know, probably a tough question to answer, but did you figure out like what is the source of the volume shortfall? I mean, is it people buying less? Is it fewer people in the category? Is it sort of the mix mechanisms you've used in the past aren't work as effectively? Is there any way to kind of triangulate those 3?
Ian M. Cook: Yes. I -- it's difficult, Bill. As we have, over time, got under the hood of that, you see what people do is they exhaust their own personal pantries. They literally try and squeeze the tube and make it last a little bit longer so that they can extend the time between purchase cycles. And as we have seen, sometimes, for cash outlay reasons, instead of buying a bigger tube at a certain channel of trade, they will go and buy a smaller tube in a different channel outlet. So in terms of the consumer purchase that is what we have historically seen has been the behaviors they adopt. The direct correlation to volume, and the point I was trying to make specific to Asia on this quarter is, from a selling in volume point of view, you then have the dislocation that, that slowdown brings to a very complicated and interrelated distribution network, which sees some inventory adjustment, which is a short-term effect as everybody readjusts to the now lower consumer purchasing rate. So you see it more sharply on the company volume in the short term, even though the underlying purchase that you will go back to, as I said, is still in that mid-single-digit range.
Operator: And we will now go to John Faucher with JPMorgan.
John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: A little bit of a follow-up on Chris' question. If we look at your pricing in Latin America and, it's a lot lower than what we're seeing from a lot of these other companies. I'm not asking you to comment on their pricing as much, but can you talk about sort of how you're viewing sort of real pricing in Latin America as we look forward? And is this something where you're just not going to move as much relative to some of the FX pieces? And then sort of further delving down into Venezuela on this, we have seen some companies talk about the margin caps, et cetera. Can you talk about sort of where you feel you are from a margin standpoint in Venezuela and if we look to map that out ourselves.
Ian M. Cook: Yes. Well, let me start with Venezuela. We've read all of the transcripts on the pricing caps, obviously, in Venezuela. In our situation, virtually all of our business is capped, if you will, by the government's 2012 policy that prevents us from taking pricing in the marketplace. And therefore, because of that, the pricing cap doesn't really apply to us -- margin cap, I mean. So that would be the simple summary on Venezuela. You probably saw or you will see that we posted a modest profit this quarter and, indeed, for the half, which we had not done last quarter, which is pleasing, and we continue to manage that business with the diligence that you would expect. And there have been quite a few press reports and, indeed, we are in very constructive discussion with the government about the opportunity for us to realize pricing on products as we continue forward in this year, and we'll have to see where that ends up. But we do spend a lot of constructive time in discussion. In terms of pricing in Latin America, actually, we're quite pleased with the pricing balance that we have been taking in Latin America at this time, remembering that there is no pricing in Venezuela. So the overall pricing we're taking, we think, is both consistent. You look at the first and the second quarter, 6 and 5. And of course, that will continue in the back half of the year. And of course, for our gross margin to improve across the year, we will have to see a light gross margin improvement in divisions, including in Latin America, so that is very much in our plan. And I think the market shares talk to the fact that I think we're finding the right balance between the 2.
Operator: And we will now go to Olivia Tong with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Olivia Tong - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: You talked a lot about increased in-store activity, but obviously volume was a little bit light of expectations. So do your analytics suggest that consumers are just not as responsive to in-store activity as they used to be? Or was it effective and volume would have been worse if not for the promotional activity? And then also, it sounds like you're quite pleased with the Funding the Growth and cost saves progress overall. So what drove overhead up this quarter?
Ian M. Cook: The -- okay, a couple of answers then. In terms of in-store activity, again, as I try to example, I think you have to try and separate out, depending on the part of the world you're talking about, the slowdown in overall consumption and the short-term impact that has on company volume. So as I described before, you can have a situation where as the consumer consumption slows overall, you're still connecting with that consumer, let's pick the emerging market mid-single-digit growth rate now that we are talking about. But behind that, given the distribution system, as the volume readjusts to that lower level, you see company volumes slow in a shorter timeframe. The consumer is just as responsive at the purchasing end to the in-store trial activity. So the in-store activity continues to be effective from a consumption point of view. And in terms of the overhead increase, it largely relates to distribution decisions we have taken in various parts of the world, either to take our products to market directly and not through a distributor, or to extend our distribution depth and, therefore, incur more logistic cost in order to get that distribution depth, both of those things being good in terms of building our brands over the medium term. So very conscious choices. The underlying overhead is actually flat.
Operator: And we will now go to Michael Steib with Crdit Suisse.
Michael Steib - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Can I ask a question, just a follow-up question on the Latin American margin, please, it was down over 20 basis points in the quarter. Given your comments on sort of the temporary effect on Brazil volumes in the quarter but also pricing, do you expect to be able to reverse that in the second half, at least partially?
Ian M. Cook: Yes. I mean, as I was trying to explain a little bit before, obviously, when you look at the impact in the second quarter, a part of it is Venezuela and part of it is the lead lag between the very sharp increase in transaction impact on product cost and the ability to keep feathering pricing into the marketplace. So as I tried to answer with the earlier question, we do have more pricing planned for the balance of the year. And as we look at our gross margin ambitions for the company, that will see gross margins expand in our divisions, including in Latin America. So to your point, we will indeed see improvement in gross margin as the year unfolds in Latin America, as indeed we saw improvement second quarter to first.
Operator: And we will now go to Caroline Levy with CLSA.
Brian Doyle - CLSA Limited, Research Division: This is Brian Doyle in for Caroline. We were just wondering how long destocking usually lasts and if it is limited to China at the moment or if there are other areas where it's affecting you?
Ian M. Cook: It's predominantly China. It tends to be relatively short term. I would say, overall, 60 to 90 days.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Connie Maneaty with BMO Capital Markets.
Constance Marie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I know it's a small market for you, but this morning, there are headlines that Argentina is defaulting. What impact would that have on you?
Ian M. Cook: Yes. Don't cry for me, Argentina. Argentina, as you may know, Connie, is less than 1% of the company sales. We manage these geographies as if they are a hyperinflationary, so we do all the things even though we don't book it as hyper because it has not yet crossed the 100. So we hold little cash. We have de minimis cash in Argentina. We don't have any debt outstanding, and we don't believe we have a need for any external funding. We make most of our product locally. So as a direct impact of the default, no impact for us. Now of course, what the knock-on effects are in terms of inflation and foreign exchange, we'll have to see how it unfolds and react accordingly, but I come back to the first point that it is less than 1% of our sales.
Operator: And we will now go to Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just 2 quick things, 1 was just following up on the 60 to 90 days for how long the destocking usually lasts. You said some of the weakness popped up at the end of the quarter, so should I interpret that as there's still a little bit more to go in 3Q or that continues in July but you would expect as you get into August, September, things start to improve?
Ian M. Cook: That would be a correct assessment.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Great. And then the final thing would just be if you could run through the gross margin bridge for us that would be great.
Ian M. Cook: I thought you'd never ask. So in terms of gross profit, prior year gross profit was 58.6%. With the pricing we took, we got 50 basis points from that. Between our Funding the Growth savings and the modest contribution as in the first quarter from restructuring, our total Funding the Growth in restructuring was 220 basis points, actually slightly ahead of the 210 we got in the prior year. Material prices were a headwind of 2 50. And so with the pricing and the Funding the Growth, that's what leads you to the 58.8% or 20 basis point increase year-on-year.
Operator: And we will now go to Javier Escalante with Consumer Edge Research.
Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Question, I don't think that you clarify the situation with Hill's in the specialty stores. If you can elaborate what was this temporary dislocation. And you mentioned that it was resolved, but I'm just curious if you can tell us what happened there. And then on pricing again, shall we expect pricing to improve in emerging markets or is just a reduction of promotional activity in Europe given the strong volumes?
Ian M. Cook: To answer your latter point, first, Javier, no, it is not a reduction in promotion in Europe, which drives that. It is pricing and it is pricing across the world with a heavy emphasis on the emerging markets and continued emphasis on Hill's. And in terms of Hill's, I'm sorry if I made it sound like some sort of untoward event, they had a traffic slowdown in their stores. And as we have come into this quarter, with our innovation and with the activity we have behind our innovation, that, for us, has gone away and we have kicked off to a nice start in the third quarter. So just a temporary blip.
Operator: And we will now go to Steve Powers with UBS.
Stephen Powers - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Ian, I was wondering if you could just break apart the drivers of the change in your gross margin outlook between January and July, really I guess between April and July? How much of the reduction has been driven by a decision to move demand building dollars from ad spend to trade spend versus some of the other factors you mentioned like FX, commodity inflation, the general slowdown that you experience, et cetera? That would help.
Ian M. Cook: Yes. I don't really want to get into that sort of level of detail. And I would say, in terms of rebuilding our gross margin, it's basically between the materials and the transactions. So that's where our focus is.
Operator: And we will now go to Alec Patterson with AGI.
Alec Patterson: Ian, I need to follow up on that last question. Just trying to understand, you're saying that material costs, are the material -- is the main change versus where you were in April? Or is it more a function of promo spending that's up to offset, I presume, increased pressure on the categories, especially in emerging markets?
Ian M. Cook: Well, clearly, when you do the investment at store, that investment at store brings pressure on gross margin. But we have had that thinking in our plan. So the new aspect is an increase in material prices and, a, shall we say, heightened impact from transaction.
Operator: And we will take our final question from Mark Astrachan with Stifel.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Curious on your thoughts on Hill's given the slowdown you talked about in the specialty stores. Do you think there's an opportunity to expand distribution and is there even a benefit in doing so beyond just that channel? And then just more broadly curious, your thoughts on growth rates in that business or in Pet Nutrition sort of broadly in Europe, U.S. and sort of your views on longer-term opportunity in developing markets is something that eventually will be bigger than it is today?
Ian M. Cook: Yes. The answer to the distribution question, which has been asked many times, is given the model we have for that business, we do not believe that, that would be to advantage but rather the recommendation we cultivate with veterinary professionals is best maintained in a controlled environment, whether it's a pet store, a PetSmart or a PETCO, where the assistants can advise or indeed directly with the vet. That is part of the connection that brand has with the consumer. If you were then to liberalize that and take it more broadly into, if you will, a grab-and-go environment, you lose that connection. To your second point, you are absolutely right, Hill's today is predominantly a developed world business. We have a very clear focus on a handful of emerging markets where we are seeing a most immediate potential for that growth. But indeed, part of the attractiveness of the business is the long runway we see in terms of emerging markets coming into the fold and providing sustainable growth for the long term. So those are all the questions for today. I thank everyone very much for joining. I thank all the Colgate people for contributing so hard to the results that we deliver. And we look forward to catching up with everybody again after the third quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-25 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Bina Thompson - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Ian Cook - Chairman, President and CEO Dennis Hickey - Chief Financial Officer Victoria Dolan - Corporate Controller Elaine Paik - Treasurer
Analysts: Dara Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley Steve Powers - UBS Wendy Nicholson - Citi Caroline Levy - CLSA Chris Ferrara - Wells Fargo John Faucher - J.P. Morgan Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merril Lynch Ali Dibadj - Bernstein Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Bill Chappell - SunTrust Michael Steib - Credit Suisse Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research Alec Patterson - AGI Jason English - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Please standby. Good day, everyone. And welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgatepalmolive.com. Just as a reminder, there may be a slight delay before the question-and-answer session begins due to the web simulcast. And at this time, for opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to the Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson. Please go ahead, maam.
Bina Thompson: Thank you, Nancy, and good morning. And welcome to our first quarter 2014 earnings conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, President, Chairman and CEO; Dennis Hickey, CFO; Victoria Dolan, Corporate Controller; and Elaine Paik, Treasurer. This conference call will include forward-looking statements and these statements are made on the basis of our views and assumptions as of this time and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual events or results may differ materially from these statements. So for information about certain factors that could cause such differences, investors should consult our most recent annual report on Form 10-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on our website, including the information set forth under the captions Risk Factors and Cautionary Statements on forward-looking statements. And this conference call will also include a discussion of non-GAAP financial measures, which differ from our results compared in accordance with GAAP. We will discuss organic sales growth, which is net sales growth excluding foreign exchange, acquisitions and divestitures. And we will also discuss gross profit, gross profit margin, SG&A as a percent of net sales, operating profit, operating profit margin, net income and earnings per share on a diluted basis, excluding the impact of certain items described in the press release. And a full reconciliation with the corresponding GAAP measures is included in the press release and is posted in the For Investors section of our website at www.colgatepalmolive.com. We are delighted with our results for the first quarter. As we exited 2013, we said we were excited about continuing our momentum and that has indeed happened. Our organic sales growth was at the high end of our target range of 5% to 7%, on top of strong growth of 6% in the prior year and with a good balance between volume and price. In fact, our pricing increase of 1.5% was against the highest level of pricing performance of any quarter last year and we expect this good performance to continue. In light of precipitous declines of currencies versus the dollar during the quarter, we are pleased that our gross profit margin was even with last years level. While we had forecasted an improvement year-over-year, lack of growth was primarily due to the transaction costs associated with the aforementioned currency headwinds. However, our Funding the Growth Program is as robust as it has ever been and as you know, an integral part of our company culture. So as we are able to take pricing as we go through the year to offset the sudden currency moves, we expect to see our gross margin improve each quarter. We are particularly pleased about the savings being generated from our Global Growth and Efficiency Program. As we told you when we announced the program in the fourth quarter of 2012, we felt it would serve us well as we entered turbulent times and indeed it has. We also said that the bulk of the savings would be reflected in overhead expenses and in the first quarter we delivered a 30 basis point reduction in overhead spending, which allowed us to increase our advertising as a percent of net sales to support what continues to be a very robust pipeline of innovation around the world. Our balance sheet is solid with strong cash generation, as well as excellent working capital control. So, a good start to the year, which bodes well for the remainder of 2014. So lets turn to the divisions starting with North America. We are particularly pleased with the solid organic sales growth in North America. This growth of 3.5% was against 5.5% in the year ago quarter, which was the strongest quarter for 2013. A full array of new products across categories contributed to the results and as referenced in the press release, we grew our market shares in manual toothbrushes, mouthwash, dish liquids, liquid cleaners and fabric conditioners. Colgate Optic White toothpaste is continuing to grow share from 2013 behind new products, strong marketing campaigns and more impactful claims. In February, we began to ship an uberpremium priced toothpaste line, expanding on our original Optic White whitening toothpaste. Optic White Platinum Whiten & Protect, a new product in the line, adds stain prevention technology to the whitening power of the original Optic White formula to help maintain whiter teeth. In addition, we relaunched Optic White Dual Action as Optic White Platinum White & Radiant, which contains extra polishing brighteners to add shine. An impactful media, print and shopper campaign to support the Optic White Platinum launch emphasizes whiter teeth in just one day by using the entire Optic White regimen including the Colgate Optic White Toothbrush + Built-In Whitening Pen. Along with these new toothpastes we introduced Colgate Optic White mouthwash with Whiteseal technology. The new formula combines stain prevention with the whitening power of Colgates original Optic White Mouthwash, along with a significantly enhanced taste profile. The launch of Colgate Optic White Toothbrush + Built-In Whitening Pen, which we told you about last quarter, has been very well received. In March, it achieved an 8.1 share and has been driving almost the entire manual toothbrush category growth year-to-date and as you would expect, we have continued strong commercial support planned for the remainder of the year. Regimen approach has served us well with our Colgate Total franchise. Colgate Total mouthwash launched in May of last year behind record retail support has been driving overall category growth. Trial and repeat levels are outpacing other competitive launches, contributing to an overall mouthwash share of over 6% on a year-to-date basis, up from the year ago period. And we have also reinvigorated the graphics on our Colgate Total toothpaste line and have increased our professional marketing efforts with dental office sampling and detailing aids, as well as advertising in dental and scientific journals. As I said, our market share in dish liquid was up in the quarter. Driving this in part was the launch of Palmolive Dish + Sink which helps eliminate odors to freshen the air around the sink as you do dishes. A strong marketing campaign only began in April but we saw excellent results right after our launch. As you know, our business in the Hispanic market is very strong and a number of years ago, we launched Suavitel Fabric Conditioner, the leading brand in Mexico, in the U.S. In first quarter this year we launched a new variant, Suavitel Fast Dry, with a breakthrough patent-pending formula that softens clothes and contains moisture wicking polymers that allow fabric to quickly shed water so that clothes dry 30% faster. This has contributed to an all-time high national fabric conditioner share of 17.5% in March, with over 1% coming just from this new product. More new product activity is expected for the third quarter of this year which you will hear about soon. Turning now to Europe/South Pacific. We are very pleased with the organic sales growth of 1.5% in this region, strongest growth in five quarters. Innovation played a key role in the results and from a macroeconomic standpoint, we are cautiously optimistic. While Southern Europe still remains a challenge, it appears that Northern Europe is showing modest signs of recovery, now market shares increased in many Oral Care categories, up in toothpaste, battery toothbrushes and electric toothbrushes. We are very pleased with the launch of Colgate Maximum Cavity Protection plus Sugar Acid Neutralizer, biggest innovation against cavities since the introduction of fluoride more than 50 years ago and we are off to a good start, after only six weeks in market in Denmark, we have achieved a 3.8 share, after two weeks in Norway a 3.2 share and after two weeks in Portugal a full point. In Australia, our latest four-week share is 5.4%. We will continue to rollout this product across the region. We told you last quarter about the launch of Colgate Max White One Optic toothpaste. This quarter we have re-launched our Colgate Max White One mouthwash with an advanced stain prevention system to seal out the stains and seal in the natural whiteness and as you would expect, this is being supported by a full integrated marketing campaign in synergy with the toothpaste. Also launching this quarter is Colgate Slim Soft Charcoal toothbrush, first developed in Asia, which has 17 times slimmer tip bristles with charcoal for better cleaning between the teeth and along the gum line. An interesting opportunity for us in the personal care category is the entry into the kids body wash category, where we currently have no offering. This subcategory is growing around 8%, outpacing the overall category growth of 2%. And bundle to be launched in the second quarter, uses playful graphics to appeal to children and a mild natural formula with a Pediatrician Approved claim to appeal to their parents. A seasonal launch expected to provide additional distribution is Palmolive Sensacao do Brazil. This line of shower gels seizes on Europeans passion for football and the resulting interest in Brazilian culture heightened around this summers World Cup, combination of unique fragrances, natural ingredients and attractive graphics should deliver heightened impact in store. Our Home Care business in Europe is strong, leading brands such as Ajax and Soupline. Under the Ajax brand we are launching Ajax all Uage Gel, one cleaner to clean your entire house. The formula has a concentrated efficacy and the bottle has a versatile press and dosage cap. Turning to Latin America, momentum continues across the region with another quarter of double-digit organic growth, consistent flow of innovation allowed us to maintain our strong leading shares in tooth paste and toothbrushes. And our mouthwash market share was up half a point year-to-date behind successful launches such as Plax Tea Fresh and Plax 2 in 1 market shares increased as well in fabric conditioner, hand dish and liquid cleaners. In Brazil, our year-to-date toothpaste share remained over 71%. As you know, this was one of the lead countries for our launch of Colgate Maximum Cavity Protection with Neutrazucar toothpaste. Shipments started in October of last year and our 2014 share year-to-date is 2.2% with the most recent lead at 3%. Our leading Brazilian toothbrush share reached a record 33.1% on a year-to-date basis, fueled by good performance in our premium end of the business. Our Brazilian bar soap business achieved a record market leading share of 26.5% on a year-to-date basis, new products in both the Palmolive and Protex lines have helped achieve this result. In Mexico, we saw a standout performance in our underarm protection business with our year-to-date share increasing 30 basis points to 19.6%, the highest in almost a decade. We told you about the launch of Mens Speed Stick Stress Defense deodorant last quarter and we have more innovation slated for the second quarter. In fact, new product activity is planned for the second quarter across categories throughout Latin America. Building on the insight that many consumers think about toothpaste as taking care of their teeth and not the rest of the mouth, we have launched a new integrated marketing campaign to support Colgate Total which explains its benefit of protecting all areas of the mouth to give 100% confidence. In the whitening category, we are launching Colgate Luminous White Advanced toothpaste with the benefit of three shades whiter teeth with the same whitening ingredient dentists use. And, of course, we will continue the launch of Colgate Maximum Cavity Protection plus Sugar Acid Neutralizer toothpaste across the region. In Personal Care, we are launching Protex Omega 3 bar soaps, liquid soaps and shower gels. Its formula, with moisturizers, helps keep your familys skin healthier while eliminating 99.9% of bacteria. As well, we will be introducing Lady Speed Stick Aclarado Perfecto plus Vitamin E deodorant. Its formula, with vitamin E and mother of pearl extract, helps show your natural skin tone while blocking sweat. And, in the Home Care category, we have taken an idea from a Palmolive launch in the U.S. market. In Latin America, using the Axion equity for hand dishwashing liquid, we launched Axion Good Bye Odors. Residues from dishes and sponges can cause bad odors and this new product eliminates the bacteria that may cause these odors. Turning now to Asia. Organic sales growth in Asia continues to be robust, increasing 7.5% in the quarter. New products supported by an increase in advertising have driven the top line growth and market share gains. Across the region, we increased our market shares in manual toothbrushes, mouthwash and shampoo. In India, our toothpaste market share is up 60 basis points to 53.8% on a year-to-date basis, even in the face of heightened competition. Our toothbrush shares there are up as well, up 140 basis points to 44.5% year-to-date. Strong communication and trade plans have helped drive these results. In China, we remain the market leader in toothpaste by a wide margin at over 34% year-to-date. Our Chinese toothbrush shares increased as well, up 70 basis points to over 26% year-to-date. Malaysia was our lead market in Asia for the launch of Colgate Maximum Cavity Protection plus Sugar Acid Neutralizer toothpaste. That new product, introduced in February of this year, as well as other premium bundles, helped lift our toothpaste share 60 basis points to 73.4% on a year-to-date basis. In the second quarter, we will be rolling out into new markets some of the innovation that has already helped drive growth elsewhere in the region, Colgate Total Charcoal Deep Clean toothpaste, Colgate 360 Charcoal toothbrush and Colgate Slim Soft Dual Action toothbrush. Africa/Eurasia. Organic sales growth continues to be robust in this region. As mentioned in the press release, some of the strength came from Russia even in the face of all the turmoil in that country. Our innovation in this region continues to drive growth as elsewhere. In the toothpaste category, innovation in Russia has helped us to maintain our market leading share of over 32% year-to-date. Colgate Altai Herbs toothpaste was launched there recently. Altai is a region of Russia known for its herbal remedies. As a companion product, we also launched Colgate Altai Herbs mouthwash, which has driven our year-to-date mouthwash market share up almost 2 full points to 27.6%. Our shower gel market share across this region is up over a point and a half year-to-date. In Russia and Turkey where we launched Palmolive Gourmet Spa, our year-to-date market shares are up 2 and 3.6 points, respectively, to 23.1% and 39.1%. You may recall this line of shower gels is highly experiential with chocolate, vanilla and strawberry fragrances. In South Africa, Palmolive Thermal Spa Skin Renewal shower gel has contributed to a 3 point share increase to 27.1% on a year-to-date basis. Our innovation continues in the second quarter. In toothpaste, we will be launching Colgate Optic White Instant with optical brighteners for a whiter smile and instantly visible whiter teeth. I mentioned earlier the launch of Colgate Altai Herbs toothpaste and mouthwash in Russia where the Altai region is well known for its herbal ingredients. Capitalizing on the success of this launch we will be launching Palmolive Altai Herbs bar soap, liquid hand soap and shower gel. This mini line of body cleansing is inspired by Altai authentic recipes and its formulas contain natural extracts of herbs to revive body and spirit. Also in Russia, in the underarm category we will be launching Lady Speed Stick Altai Herbs Freshness, an antiperspirant in sprays, sticks and roll-ons that give your skin a superior feeling of natural purity and long-lasting freshness to keep you confident and attractive. Hills. We are very pleased with the continued solid results in our Hills business, both domestically and overseas. An important driver here in the U.S., as you know, has been the launch of Hills Ideal Balance, and that continues to meet with success. Consumption at the super stores is strong and growing up 50% year to date over the prior year and has been helped by a wide array of innovation in the naturals category. In February, we launched 11 new dry variants, nine wet and three treats in both dog and cat. For dogs, Ideal Balance Slim and Healthy and Ideal Balance Active, for cats, Ideal Balance Indoors, Ideal Balance Hairball and Ideal Balance Slim and Healthy. To support this innovation, this quarter we will continue with not only media but in-store support in the superstores with impactful pallet displays as well as coupons offered by brand ambassadors and nutritional consultants. Our Hills Science Diet business is strong as well. An interesting new marketing campaign is being implemented as we speak at PetSmart, Paws for Health. Based on the shopper insight that pet parents know they dont take their pets to the vet as often as they should but it is important to them to do what they can to ensure the pet has a longer healthier life. In-store consultants educate pet parents about the importance of preventative care for their pet and drive awareness and provide trial sizes of Hills Science Diet products in the LifeCare product grouping. Our Hills Prescription Diet business is also doing well. We have told you about our Hills Prescription Diet Metabolic for weight control. That has been met with terrific acceptance. Our Hills Prescription Diet business is also doing well. We have told you about our Hills Prescription Diet Metabolic for weight control. We will continue the momentum on the business with in-clinic activities, testimonial campaigns to drive vet endorsement and sampling and new client starter kits As you know, the science behind our weight control is uniquely innovative. As mentioned above, we have leveraged it with our Ideal Balance line and have launched weight control products in the Science Diet line as well. And our robust new product program will continue throughout the year. We will be launching Hills Ideal Balance throughout Europe where the naturals category is just beginning. Another exciting innovation we referenced in our press release is Hills Prescription Diet Stews, a breakthrough in wet food technology. The proprietary processing technique and natural ingredients produce a therapeutic food for dogs and cats with delicious appearance, and superior efficacy. So in summary, we are very pleased with the way 2014 has started out. The momentum we saw as we exited 2013 has continued in all regions of the world. Our new product pipeline is full across all categories and our ongoing savings programs as well as our Global Growth and Efficiency Program are providing funds to support that robust innovation. And as we implement our Global Growth and Efficiency Program, our people are becoming even more focused on winning on the ground each and every day. We look forward to sharing our progress with you as we go forward throughout the year. And now, Nancy, I would like to turn the call over to you to start the Q&A session.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Well go first to Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.
Dara Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley: Good morning.
Ian Cook: Hey, Dara.
Dara Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley: So, first, just a clarification, Bina mentioned you expected gross margin improvement each quarter this year. Are you still expecting 75 to 125 basis points for the full year and then, the real question is your toothpaste and toothbrush market share momentum looks like its slow this quarter. The toothpaste year-over-year share change was the worst weve seen recently. So, I was just hoping for more detail on whats driving that performance, particularly which geographies and your view on if the share losses will continue going forward or if thats more temporary factors in Q1?
Ian Cook: Okay, Dara. Let me -- before I get to the gross margin, let me put the gross margin position in sort of a broader context and underscore a couple of the points that Bina has already made. First, we are very pleased with the first quarters topline performance and we would reaffirm our target range of organic growth for the year at between 5% and 7%. We think that is going to be a very strong range, particularly as our categories remain range bound in Europe, growing at between 1% and 2% and similarly so in North America. And in our emerging markets, we see category growth rates slowing slightly from 6% to 8% range previously to now 5% to 7%. And the things we think will continue to drive that organic rate of growth are in innovation and of course the advertising, which was up absolutely and as a percent of sales this quarter and we expect it to be up absolutely and as a percentage to sales for the year. Now very importantly, of course, Dara, as you correctly point out, is the gross margin and what our expectations are for gross margin during the year. We are still comfortable with the gross margin expansion of between 75 and 125 basis points. But obviously given recent foreign exchange volatility, which we have to react to and our, we would say that our margin expansion will be at the lower end of that range more in a 70 to 100 basis points band. Our funding of the growth program remains strong and I think some were little bit questioning our ability to take pricing in Latin America in the fourth quarter. And I think you see in the first quarter what is the usual sequence in these events, which is there is a lead lag between the foreign exchange impact, particularly when it is, as precipitates as we saw in this first quarter and you will see pricing continue across the balance of the year. And all of that led us to reiterate our EPS guidance of 4% to 5% on a dollar basis for this year or double digit currency neutral. And Im reading some of the earlier notes this morning. Let me just walk through that reiteration. I think most of you will remember that in our release at the end of January, when we announced our fourth quarter results, we expressed growth of EPS in line with the consensus of external analysts estimates at that time and then in February, February 18th to be price, we made our disclosure and announcement on Venezuela and indicated from that proposition that the Venezuela impact would be between $0.11 and $0.14 to EPS on the year with the first quarter at $0.03 to $0.04. And then of course today, we disclosed that the first quarter was $0.03 and we expect the rate going forward to be at the same $0.03 per quarter, $0.12 on the year, consistent with the prior range and at that 4% to 5% a dollar and double-digit currency neutral rate. To come to market share, a couple of comments on toothpaste. First of all, the shares that we talk about are dollar weighted, thats the way we collect the data and aggregate it. And in Venezuela, we have an extremely elevated market share. We are still trying to find the three Venezuelans that dont brush with our toothpaste. So given the currency moves in Venezuela, about a third of the share decline that you highlighted, the 1.3 points is simply mathematical to do without dollar weighting. The other two geographies of an operating nature are the U.S. and Mexico as we have said before, and we said that our innovation and some adjustments to our marketing program to meet the competitive promotional activity we saw in both of those markets would be taken and they have been taken. And I think in the U.S., some of you had already commented on the more recent consumption and share data that the toothpaste progress for Colgate is good. We continue to see that in the near-term weekly data and we expect that to continue going forward. Same actions have been taken in Mexico and we expect to saying forward progress to strengthen our share in the 80 range. And in addition, in Mexico, we have just this month introduced the superior anti-cavity toothpaste, which has been highlighted has done very well, everywhere we had launched it. Toothbrushes are affected by the same Venezuela calculation. Indeed, the modest 30 basis points decline you highlighted there is entirely driven by the Venezuela mathematical calculation. All of our divisions are either flat to up in market share with the exception of Africa, Eurasia where we are responding to in South Africa and Russia, specifically local market activity which we fully expect to be reversed over time. So no, we do not expect or plan for those share positions to continue as you laid them out.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Well go next to Steve Powers with UBS.
Steve Powers - UBS: Hi, Ian. Thanks.
Ian Cook: Hi, Steve.
Steve Powers - UBS: I guess it was another solid quarter as you say of organic growth, 6.5%, overall and especially, 10%, in the emerging markets. How do you think about that relative to some of the outsized inflation that we are seeing in certain markets, especially in Latin America? If you agree with that characterization, especially in Argentina, Venezuela for example, how do you estimate that is adding to your organic growth, or conversely do you believe its really not that additive given the degree of volume and mix trade-offs in those same markets? Thanks.
Ian Cook: Yes. I would say if you look at the underpinning volume in Latin America for example, we view that as very healthy. When you talk about outsized inflation in Venezuela, remember that is true from a macro point of view, but bylaw in Venezuela, we are extremely restricted on availability to take pricing across most of our business. So I think we are very pleased with the progress. We view it to be real substantive and we see it continuing.
Operator: Well move to the next question with Wendy Nicholson with Citi.
Wendy Nicholson - Citi: Hi, good morning. I dont want to be a dead horse on this pricing in Latin America thing, but thats my question too. And the question is, historically when there has been currency question in Latin America, the pricing you could able to take on an annual basis I get that there is a [lie] (ph), but on an annual basis its pretty much close to a 1 offset. And my question is, if you look at the 6% pricing you got in the first quarter versus the 16% currency headwind, how much of that is Venezuela, how much of that is just timing? I mean, if we are going to see, lets call it in mid-teems currency headwind in Latin America, can you take anywhere close to that pricing ex-Venezuela because I think everybody is just nervous that maybe the competitive dynamic is preventive you from taking as much pricing? If you can answer that, that would be great.
Ian Cook: Okay. Well, the answer is no, its not driven by competitors. As I said, when we posted just over 2% pricing in the fourth quarter, I think that question was raised that you now limited in terms of your ability to take pricing. And the answer is no, we are not. And I think the first quarter demonstrated that in quite a healthy way remembering we are not able in the first quarter given the move of some of the exchanges to take the pricing as quickly as the exchange takes the cost up for transaction reasons. And in Venezuela, you frankly have to take Venezuela out of the equation because for the majority of that business, we are unable bylaw to take pricing. But we have demonstrated in the past and I think with Venezuela to one side, as far as the rest of Latin America is concerned, we have demonstrated an ability to price, to offset the foreign exchange. Indeed, in the more recent term, the Brazilian exchange is turn a we bit positive, but our plan would be as it has been in the past to be able to offset the transaction impact to foreign exchange with the pricing and funding the growth.
Operator: Well move to the next question from Caroline Levy with CLSA.
Caroline Levy - CLSA: Actually again I am sorry to get you around this issue. I'm looking at Asia and Eurasia where the currency impact substantially has been, certainly we were the expecting and I guess there was deterioration towards the end of the quarter. Do you expect to be able to get pricing in those markets as you move through the year?
Ian Cook: The answer is yes, the answer is yes. We will be able to take the pricing in those markets. One has to say exactly as you said Caroline that the precipitous make sure of the currency moves in some of those geographies. I come back to everyones estimation of the year, I'm not sure I saw anybody planning on the Crimea and the impact of Crimea on the Russian Ruble. So some of those moves were really quite precipitous but we have the capability to take pricing. We had done so in some geographies already and we have plans and indeed are right now taking pricing in some of those markets to address the headwind of transaction. So we continue to have pricing capability. There is just a natural lead lag in terms of how quickly you can practically respond particularly when the foreign exchange has moved so quickly. And I think in the world that we are in, our ability to plan for gross margin expansion are between 75 and 100 basis points a test to that capability.
Operator: We'll take the next question from Chris Ferrara with Wells Fargo.
Chris Ferrara - Wells Fargo: Hi, thanks.
Ian Cook: Hi Chris.
Chris Ferrara - Wells Fargo: Hi Ian. I guess I wanted to ask you about the slowdown you just cited in developing in emerging market and a point I guess is not a huge deal considering what we've seen elsewhere. But can you talk a little bit about, is that isolated to any specific geographies and what do you think is driving that specifically besides maybe the obvious sort of macro situation and maybe just that. And then also why do you think you can gain more share than you have been and sustain the top-line growth rate in the face of the slower market relative to say what your thought couple of quarters ago?
Ian Cook: Yes, I guess Chris. We're talking about fine differences here. We wanted to indicate that indeed we have seen a little bit of a slowdown. Other comments I have read from others suggest sharper than we have seen certainly in our businesses. I think it traces to the macros finally. In these cases, there is nothing untoward that we have seen so far in terms of consumer behavior. And I think our 5 to 7 range fits very nicely even with that slowdown. So I don't think it puts any more pressure on our desire, need or ability to build market share.
Operator: And well move next to John Faucher with J.P. Morgan.
John Faucher - J.P. Morgan: Thank you. In looking at your sort of how reported top-line growth will track over the course of the year and given the seasonality of the business, it's a little tough given the first quarter performance to get to the low end of the range from a gross margin standpoint. So can you walk us through sort of sequentially how we should think about just progressing through the year and sort of what the big changes are from Q1 to the balance of the year. Are there just efficacy from the additional pricing, what have you? Thanks.
Ian Cook: Okay. I cant resist John. I thought you were one that was questioning whether we could deliver the gross margin expansion. Well, I think -- let me say so you can come back to me at the end. Let me start with the traditional roll forward just that we have that as a starting point and then I will try and answer your question from there. Obviously, it's flat, so the star point was the same 58.6 as it is this year. We picked up half a point from pricing. We picked up 1.4 from our funding the growth and a little bit of restructuring, material prices was a headwind of 2, a large part of that as we have already discussed was transaction. There was a modest 10 bps from other leading us to the 58.6. So I would say the three main buckets of progress for the year quite obviously are pricing where we expect to get more pricing and therefore more contribution to the gross profit, funding the growth along with a little bit from restructuring and you know that our funding the growth tends to build over the year. And that would be the second major aspect of building our gross margin. And by talking about 75 to 100, all I was trying to do was to frame coming off the high-end of the range, we are not suggesting a 75 increase in gross margin.
Operator: We'll take the next question from Olivia Tong with Bank of America Merril Lynch.
Olivia Tong - Bank of America Merril Lynch: Thank you, I appreciate it. One quick question on housekeeping. Is it fair to assume the net interest expense will be similar to Q1, the Q1 rate going forward or whether any anomalies caught this quarter? And then on Hill's, I noticed that the margin was up for the first time in the last five quarters. And in the press release, you did state a number of puts and takes but one of them was lower ad spends. So was is just a function of comping against how you spend in a year ago as she prepped for the new line or if there shift in timing of spending or do you think there are just not a need to spend as much behind pet as you did before. And if thats the case, the change -- does the changing of hands for IMs, change your thought process in any way on that? Thank you.
Ian Cook: Changing, of course, I guess who I am. But on your housekeeping question on net interest, the net interest expense we think we'll go up on the year. We'll probably be in the 35 to 40 range for the year largely due to changes in our capital structure as we have taken on some longer term debt at very attractive rates, planning ahead to world where rates are likely to increase. So yes but plan fully as part of readjusting our capital structure. Hill's is timing. Bina talked about some of the innovation on the Hill's business and the spending, we'll readjust. First quarter was strong last year because the timing of the innovation was earlier. So now we're very committed to our Hill's innovation flow which is very strong and frankly doing very well in market.
Operator: We'll move next to Ali Dibadj with Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Bernstein: Hi guys. So just a quick clarification and then a core question. The clarification is want to give you the opportunity of selling Venezuela to the side. And just if you could tell us what volume and organic growth would have been in Latin America ex-Venezuela? And then the other question, so you say the EPS growth of 4% to 5%. In fact, I think the same has since February at least for the year. Is it still above consensus? And I know you guys and the background of your team does a really good job of taking of our models and looking at it. And I'm trying to understand if you guys have a perspective on where you think consensus is too high, is it just currencies or are there other things that you would like to be pointed to?
Ian Cook: Yeah, well thanks for the opportunity to separate LatAm growth from Venezuela. But I shall politely decline that. We don't break it out in that way. I would say that we think, if you think about where Venezuela was three, four years ago as you well know it is substantially smaller portion of our corporation than it was then. And the Latin American growth, we think is very, very strong overall. In terms of the second point Ali. Yes, you're right the 4% to 5% as we try to reemphasize at the beginning of the call has been where we have been. And there is nothing in that reiteration of guidance for the year that reflects anything other than foreign exchange and I would clarify and say that is the foreign exchange that analyst reacted to in January of the year with the Venezuela change which by the way I think makes our Venezuelan reporting more conservative than some who has stayed at the 630 rate. And the -- it remains double-digits in terms of the EPS growth in local currency terms and in fact for the year looking forward after Venezuela, we see the currency impact for the year at around 5% which was pretty much where we had it before hand. So there is no incremental currency it nearly reflects actions taken through February of this year. So it is entirely currency related. There is nothing else.
Operator: The next question comes from Bill Schmitz with Deutsche Bank.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Hey, good morning.
Ian Cook: Hey, how are you?
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: I'm good. So the cash balance is massive, right. It's also like two equity done historically. Are you guys -- whats the plan about the cash because certainly you don't need your working capitals getting better. There is super cash generated, I know you talked about, rates going up and locking some fixed rate debt. But is there a use for all that cash. And then second part of the question is well that in the same part of same question but the second question, is there a plan or way to get Venezuela profitable again. I know I lost money this quarter but is there anything you could do either structurally or strategically to get that turn positive again. Thanks.
Ian Cook: Yes. The cash balance entirely timing, entirely timing. Its related to when we took the debt. It will be washed out as we go through the year debt and cash will get back in balance. Net debt will end up in the same place. So nothing strategic, nearly timing. With Venezuela, it is as you say modestly, it was very modest, negative for Venezuela in the first quarter. And obviously, we are in very constructive dialog with the government of this time about the need for relaxation of the pricing laws and for some pricing in order to make business in Venezuela profitable again. And we are hopeful that those discussions will lead to a productive outcome and that outcome of course, which has been our usual model and the rest of Latin America allows one to offset the gross margin pressure and see that translate through on the bottom line. So those are the issues. You know, of course, that the first quarter was hit particularly by the historical one-time hit and that will come out across the balance of the year anyway. So well be in a better position than we were in the first quarter but the step change would be driven by pricing.
Operator: The next question comes from Bill Chappell with SunTrust.
Bill Chappell - SunTrust: Good morning, thanks.
Ian Cook: Hey.
Bill Chappell - SunTrust: How are you? The question on or the comment on the sugar. I always get the name wrong but the cavity protection toothpaste that you are rolling out. The comment that youre moving more throughout Europe and maybe the Australia, are there plan to meet from the near term to go to U.K., Germany, France, some of the bigger countries, it may in next quarter to. And is it contributing to the overall European growth at this point or is it still really too small?
Ian Cook: To answer the last part of the -- actually you dont have to get the name right Bill, you just have to buy it.
Bill Chappell - SunTrust: I get you.
Ian Cook: Yeah.
Bill Chappell - SunTrust: That sort of trouble.
Ian Cook: In terms o Europe it is too early. We can say that in countries like Brazil, Turkey, Australia as Bina said that it is added to share nicely. We are expanding in Mexico as weve said. You will see continued expansion across Europe and some of the other emerging markets, you could expect to cross the balance of the year. So well be moving quite broadly with this product, the reaction seems so far quite positive.
Operator: Well take the next question from Michael Steib with Credit Suisse.
Michael Steib - Credit Suisse: Good morning. My question relates to raw material cost. I noticed that in most regions there were essentially a headwind to margins in the quarter, except in Europe where there were tailwind. I wonder is that all due to currencies or there other differences for example in the portfolio compensation as well. And then related to that, do you expect a similar headwind from raw material cost for the remainder of the year?
Ian Cook: Well, let me react to both. I would say what we saw in the first quarter was indeed largely driven by foreign exchange, which is why we saw such a positive progress in Europe. I think training raw materials overall, were expecting for the year, raw and packing materials to increase by between 1% and 2% for the year. Thats raw and packing for the year. And as I have mentioned earlier, our ability to deliver the gross margin expansion that we are planning is going to be driven by pricing, which we have already to a certain extent and well deliver going forward t5o offset that foreign exchange impact on raw and packing material.
Operator: Well look at next question. It comes from Javier Escalante with Consumer Edge Research.
Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research: Hello. Good morning, everyone. I had a couple of questions, one on the restructuring. It seems like it was a big chunk this first quarter about 40% of what you plan for the year. Does it mean that you are taking it faster pace and originally plan in order to navigate this issue of a currency. And the other question has to do with Hills. Certainly, very good performance, to what extent that has to do with the changes in planogram that (indiscernible) did or shall we continue seeing that at least for another quarter where were going to see a strong growth from Hills. Thank you.
Ian Cook: Thanks, Javier. No, theres nothing particular about restructuring in terms of -- it's just timing, our full year, full program ranges remain the same, both at the cost and the benefit, and we dont manhandle the restructuring to try and address foreign exchange issues. I think the point we made when we announced it was it would simply give us some agility and flexibility knowing that given the volatility of foreign exchanges, and therefore cost quarters might be a little bit lumpy. Indeed, Im here which you are correct have here in the US. We had some quite meaningful planograms resets, which have been positive, which underpin the increase that Bina talked about a little bit earlier. And we continue to feel good about seeing our Hills business go forward mid -single digits organic as we have spoken before. And the reason selling the planogram reset is good, but well get to the planogram reset is the quality of the innovation and trial generation that you can create for that innovation. And as we have said before, we think we have a very rich innovation pipeline now, which is moving to the market.
Operator: And well move to Alec Patterson with AGI.
Alec Patterson - AGI: Good morning.
Ian Cook: Hey, Alec.
Alec Patterson - AGI: Hi. So just quickly on the 75 and 100 basis points. I think I am crystallizing this into, its predominantly moved to lower end because of currency. In other words, the other component, pricing and you have been planning all along. Commodity costs that are basically dollar commodity base were on pack. And then anything from funding the growth productivity havent changed.
Ian Cook: Correct. 
Operator: And well take our final question from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs: Hey, good morning, folks.
Ian Cook: Hey, Jason.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs: Thank you for allowing the question. Two quick ones. First, a quick housekeeping question. Can you quantify how much the advanced customer shipments in Japan contribute to that growth this quarter? And then other question is back here to home North America, weve been seen solid growth both on the measure data as well as clearly into reporter results today. Well, we sliced and diced the measure data around 70% of gross been coming for mouthwash. Market share up year-on -year but running stagnant to kind of flat line sequentially at 6. Two months from now youll start rolling over that 7% share you got on the initial search, trial building. So how should we think about growth on a go forward? What are the initiatives that can maybe get mouthwash and other like higher or that can kick some of the categories into higher growth notes to drive more contribution for them?
Ian Cook: Thanks, Jason. On mouthwash as you know, I talked about the toothpaste change in momentum. Obviously the toothbrush business share up over 41 is terrific. That of courses is the second largest category in oral care. Mouthwash, we are pleased where we are. Two things will continue to grow our business in mouthwash. Number one, innovation and the variants that come with that innovation which we have seen, we will continue to see. The second is interesting in the U.S. is always packaging sizes in terms of retail environments. And consumer purchasing habits, you will see more of that as the year unfolds. And most importantly, trial-generating devices, we know the repeat rate of the businesses is high. We know that it takes over two years to build your trial curve and we will continue to be putting money behind that. So we have a great product. We can add to the product and well be focusing on building trial. In terms of Japan -- no, we dont breakout at the country level. Suffice to say on Japan, I think it was Ali on the last call was questioning the trajectory of that business. Weve had some folk in Japan only a couple of weeks ago. Were going through a thorough review of that business and there is confidence I would express that notwithstanding the pull forward, that we have our Japanese business now for Hills on a solid footing and a positive underlying trajectory and we will see that in the coming quarters.
Operator: And that does conclude todays question-and-answer session. Id like to turn the conference back to the speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
Ian Cook: Thanks, Nancy. Well, thanks all of you for your interest in the company and your questions. And thank you to the Colgate world for delivering the results that allow the questions.
Operator: That does conclude today's presentation. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Bina Thompson Ian M. Cook - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
Analysts: Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Ian J. Gordon - S&P Capital IQ Equity Research Joseph Altobello - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley, Research Division William B. Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Olivia Tong - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Christopher Ferrara - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Nik Modi - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Alice Beebe Longley - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research, LLC Michael Steib - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division Constance Marie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Caroline S. Levy - CLSA Limited, Research Division John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Jon Andersen - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company's Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Yearend 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgatepalmolive.com. Just a reminder, there may be a slight delay before the question-and-answer session begins due to the Web simulcast. And at this time, for opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to the Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Bina Thompson. Please go ahead.
Bina Thompson: Thank you, Vicky, and good morning, and welcome to our fourth quarter earnings release conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, Chairman, President and CEO; Dennis Hickey, CFO; Victoria Dolan, Corporate Controller; and Elaine Paik, Treasurer. This conference call will include forward-looking statements, and these statements are made on the basis of our views and assumptions as of this time and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual events or results may differ materially from these statements. So for information about certain factors that could cause such differences, investors should consult our most recent annual report on Form 10-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on our website, including the information set forth under the captions Risk Factors and Cautionary Statements on forward-looking Statements. This conference call will also include a discussion of non-GAAP financial measures, which differ from our results compared in accordance with GAAP. We will discuss organic sales growth, excluding foreign exchange, acquisitions and divestitures. We will also discuss gross profit, gross profit margin, SG&A as a percent of sales, operating profit, operating profit margin, net income and earnings per share on a diluted basis, excluding the impact of certain items described in the press release. A full reconciliation with the corresponding GAAP measures is included in the press release and is posted in the For Investors section of our website at www.colgatepalmolive.com. We are very pleased with our strong finish to a strong year. We exited 2013 with the strongest quarterly organic sales growth for the year at the high end of our targeted range of 5% to 7%. We enjoyed good gross margin growth, and this combined with a reduction in our fixed expenses as a percent of sales allowed us to increase advertising absolutely and as a percent of sales, while increasing our operating profit as well. This is, of course, a simple financial strategy that has served us so well over many years. Cash generation was strong and our balance sheet is solid. Our savings programs continue to deliver. Our ongoing Funding the Growth contributed significant savings. And in addition, our Global Growth and Efficiency Program is on track, both from a cost and savings perspective. For full year 2013, we realized savings of $40 million after-tax, and expect that number for 2014 to be between $90 million and $100 million after-tax or about twice as much. And we've made progress in all 3 areas of the program, expanding commercial hubs, extending shared business services and streamlining global functions and optimizing global supply chain facilities. Market shares are strong and growing. We maintained our leadership share of the toothpaste category, with strong market share performance virtually everywhere in the world. Our global manual toothbrush share is up 40 basis points to almost 33% on a year-to-date basis. And our global mouthwash share is now at 17%, up 130 basis points on a year-to-date basis. Our relentless focus on innovation has paid off and we have more in the pipeline for this year and beyond. So let's turn first to North America. We're pleased with our 3% organic sales growth in the quarter, given the sluggish macroeconomic environment, which resulted in slower category growth, as well as a continued promotional and highly competitive environment. As referenced in the press release, our shares are strong in a number of categories. Good cost control and gross margin increases have allowed us to continue to increase advertising support behind those existing and new products. Our innovation pipeline remains very full and we have some very exciting activities this quarter. Our progress in manual toothbrushes and mouthwash in the U.S. has been excellent. We have already told you about our record manual toothbrush share of over 38%. In mouthwash, both Colgate Optic White and Colgate Total mouthwashes launched within the last 1.5 years have delivered a full year combined share of 5.6%, with the most recent read at 7%. Retail support behind Colgate Total Advanced mouthwash has been at record levels. The growth in the category has been totally driven by this new product and added nicely to retail sales. Over half of the mouthwash buyers are either new to the category or trading up, which drives incrementality. And in addition, trial and repeat rates are above previous competitive launches. As you know, our Colgate Optic White products have been very successful, particularly as we have been able to drive a regimen approach with toothpaste, toothbrush and mouthwash. New to the franchise this quarter is the Colgate Optic White manual toothbrush and built-in whitening pen. This product delivered all the benefits important to a whitening enthusiast. It's effective, affordable and convenient. The toothbrush combines stain-remover cups and polishing bristles, while the pen, which fits in the handle of the brush, uses a breakthrough formula with proprietary silicon adhesives. Together, they deliver whiter teeth in 2 days. The superpremium price increase is a growth opportunity for retailers while still providing affordable whitening for the consumer. In the Personal Care category, this quarter, we are launching Speed Stick Gear antiperspirant and deodorant sticks, gels and body sprays. This new line in underarm protection is targeted towards the millennial male. It comes in distinctive premium packaging with preferred masculine fragrances and unique clinically superior technologies. The Speed Stick Gear antiperspirant contains DryCore technology, which absorbs better for 48-hour protection. Speed Stick Gear has been formulated to have excellent adhesion to skin and utilizes a highly effective active ingredient. As you expect with such an exciting new product, the launch will be supported with a full integrated marketing campaign, including traditional media, digital and other consumer engagement activity. Also in the Personal Care category, we're launching Softsoap Dcor Collection liquid hand soap. This new product appeals to the shopper who's looking for offerings found at upscale specialty stores at an affordable price more typical of mass retail. The Dcor packaging and exquisite fragrances are inspired from specialty. And while more affordable, are still premium-priced to a base liquid soap line, which drives trade up and incremental dollars for the retailer. Initial trade acceptance has been excellent, with full distribution at a majority of accounts. Turning to Europe/South Pacific. The macroeconomic environment continues to be challenging across most of Europe. Slowdown in the euro area has continued. While Germany and France recorded a positive GDP growth, Spain, Italy and Greece once again reported sharper decreases. The unemployment rate remains high at 12.1% in November 2013, even though it has been stable since April. Despite this, consumer confidence in the euro area shows nascent signs of recovery since the second quarter, which is a modest positive as we enter 2014. So against this backdrop, we're quite pleased with our fourth quarter performance in this region with positive organic volume growth of 3%, and solid gross margin and operating margin growth. In addition, as you know, many of our global growth and efficiency programs initiatives have been focused in this part of the world and are already manifesting themselves in a reduction of overhead expenses. Market shares year-to-date are up in toothpaste, manual and powered toothbrushes, mouthwash, deodorants and fabric softeners. Our innovation program throughout 2013 has been critical to our good market share performance and we expect this to continue into 2014 across all our categories. In Oral Care, we will be launching Colgate Maximum Cavity Protection plus Sugar Acid Neutralizer in select countries this quarter. As you know, this superior anti-cavity toothpaste was first introduced in Turkey last fall, and launched in Brazil late in the fourth quarter. This leading technology is incorporated in the first and only toothpaste that directly fights sugar acids and plaques, which are the #1 cause of cavity. The patented formula helps deactivate sugar acids before they can harm teeth, while strengthening and restoring the enamel that helps prevent cavity formation. The initial introductions in the Nordic group of countries, Spain and Portugal, will, of course, be supported by a full, integrated marketing campaign, including a public health campaign. In Europe, as in other parts of the world, the whitening category is large and growing. This dynamic segment requires continuous innovation and so we are launching Colgate Max White One Optic premium toothpaste in high-impact packaging that offers an instantly visible whitening effect. To complement the toothpaste, we are also relaunching our Colgate Max White One mouthwash, which contains an advanced stain-prevention system to seal out stains and seal in natural whiteness. We're very pleased with the progress our Sanex business continues to make. Year-to-date, market shares are up in both shower gel and deodorants. And to help continue this momentum, we're continuing the rollout of our new Sanex Dermo shower gels with the Dermo Active 3 complex, as well as launching a new antiperspirant and a new deodorant. The first is Sanex Dermo no perfume designed for consumers with very sensitive skin. The product contains no perfume, is hypoallergenic and delivers 24 hours protection. The second is Sanex Naturprotect extra efficacy containing natural milk mineral alum and an anti-wetness agent, which provides protection for 48 hours. I mentioned earlier the increase in our fabric conditioner shares, up 30 basis points year-over-year to almost 25%. This quarter, we are rolling out in Europe a premium innovation, which has met with success in France, Soupline Perfect Glide, which has a unique formula with a polymer that allows for a perfect glide and an innovative aroma technology that makes ironing more pleasant. As you know, ironing is important, but most consumers view it as a chore they don't enjoy. Turning to Latin America. This region exited 2013 with excellent momentum, delivering the strongest quarterly organic sales growth of the year at 12.5%. Our leadership continues in toothpaste and manual toothbrushes and our mouthwash share is closely approaching the leading competitor. Our year-to-date toothpaste market share in Brazil is at a record level of 71.5%. As you know, we launched Colgate Maximum Cavity Protection plus Neutrazucar in the fourth quarter. Early leads show a share of over 3%, which has added incremental share to our overall business. And in addition, both Colgate Luminous White and Colgate Total toothpaste's premium price offerings are gaining share. Our year-to-date toothpaste share in Mexico remains over 80% despite continued competitive promotional activity. And our business in the traditional trade remains strong and we are building distribution and share in the growing pharmacy channel. Our year-to-date manual toothbrush share is up 1.5 points across the region, with every subsidiary delivering market leadership share gains and holding the #1 position. Both Brazil and Mexico achieved record shares as they continue to offer the consumer a wide range of offerings at all price points. Across Latin America, in mouthwash, we closed the share gap from over 20 points in 2009 to just over 3 points year-to-date. Innovation have helped this result, as well as strong sampling plans across countries to maximize category growth and increase consumption. Year-to-date, our share increased over 50 basis points to 36.4%. In Personal Care, our year-to-date market share increased in both bar soaps and deodorants, and we now lead the bar soap market with a 29.4% share -- with 29.7% in the most recent period. New products in both these categories should help us to continue to deliver strong results. And as elsewhere, innovation continues in the first quarter. We will, of course, continue the rollout of Colgate Maximum Cavity Protection plus Neutrazucar toothpaste and expect to build on the success and learnings from our Brazilian launch. In addition, we're beginning a comprehensive marketing campaign behind Colgate Total Professional whitening toothpaste, which promises up to 95% stain removal in 2 weeks. A new offering in our Palmolive body cleansing business is Palmolive Naturals Royal Jelly and Yogurt. This new line of bar soap, shower gel and liquid hand soap contains ingredients well-known for body-cleaning solutions. Royal jelly is known to nourish the skin, while yogurt is known for its properties to soften the skin. In underarm products, this quarter, we are launching men's Speed Stick and Lady Speed Stick stress defense deodorant. Stress-related sweat is induced by a different set of glands that are primarily concentrated in the underarm area. Unlike regular or thermal sweat that is used by the body as a temperature-control mechanism, stress-related sweat comes in unexpected situations. Lady Speed Stick and Men Speed Stick stress defense formulas activate in those specifics sweat moments, offering effective sweat protection. Turning to Asia. This region delivered another strong quarter of organic sales growth. And of particular note, both China and India grew organic sales double-digit, despite concerns regarding slowing growth in those regions. Across the region, our year-to-date toothbrush share -- toothpaste share increased 20 basis points. In India, our share was up 70 basis points to 54.1% and the strong performance was across all price points. In China, our share increased 30 basis points to almost 34%. In this market, premium brands have performed particularly well, our Colgate Optic White, as well as some of the Darlie products, for example. Our year-to-date manual toothbrush share increased in 7 of 10 countries. Our targeted efforts to increase share in India has paid off with our share now at almost 42%, up 240 basis points on a year-to-date basis. Our regional mouthwash share continues to increase, up 60 basis points year-to-date to 20.1%, breaking the 20% barrier. Our most recent share was 23.5%. China has been a particularly successful market for us. Innovation in both the Colgate and Darlie equities has helped us achieve almost a 35% share of the market, up 260 basis points year-to-date. As you expect, we have a robust lineup of new products for this quarter as well. Our on the ground consumer innovation centers have identified some important consumer preferences and beliefs in which they have developed some relevant and exciting bundles. In China, for instance, charcoal has long been believed to have powerful antibacterial properties. Accordingly, last year, we launched Colgate Slim Soft Charcoal toothbrush, which has been well-received. This quarter, we're launching Colgate 360 Charcoal Deep Clean toothpaste, along with Colgate 360 Charcoal toothbrush. The toothpaste addresses the consumers concern that dirt can be left in between teeth even after brushing by reducing bacteria buildup by 99% even in between teeth. The companion toothbrush offers charcoal bristles that are slimmer for better cleaning. In the mouthwash category, we're launching Colgate Plaque Jasmine Tea, developed for the consumer who wants to use mouthwash to help keep their breath fresh who doesn't like the strong and burning mouth feel. This mouthwash contains jasmine and tea extracts, which provides fresh breath without the burning sensation. Africa/Eurasia. Our winning on the ground strategies in this part of the world are resulting in strong performance as well. Innovation has played a key role in good market share progress. While our regional toothpaste market share is up 20 basis points on a year-to-date basis, it has increased 50 basis points in Russia to almost 33%, 170 basis points in Turkey to almost 29%, and 300 basis points in South Africa to 50%. As you know, Turkey was our lead country for our Colgate Maximum Cavity Protection plus Sugar Acid Neutralizer bundle, and while it is early days, initial shares are already at 2%. In mouthwash, our regional share is up at almost [indiscernible] and is now the #2 brand. More innovation is planned for this quarter. Colgate Total Pro Interdental toothpaste, Colgate Altai Herbs mouthwash, and Colgate Slim Soft Charcoal toothbrush, just to name a few. In the Personal Care category, an interesting new product developed for the African market is Protex African [ph] therapy. As you know, Protex is a premium brand sold in many developing markets with an antibacterial positioning. This new mini line contains a unique combination of some of Africa's greatest skin secrets. It helps protect natural healthy looking skin and comes 2 variants: glycerin and African herbs and cocoa butter and lemon. Hill's. We're very pleased with Hill's continued solid performance. This marks the third quarter of volume growth and the strongest organic sales growth in 5 years. Also while gross margin, as expected, was down year-over-year, it increased from the third quarter to the fourth quarter, and we expect that trend to continue in 2014. Our launch in Hill's Ideal Balance continues to meet this success. Early trial and repeat results are very promising. Now that the product is in the natural section of the large-format retailers, cannibalization of other Hill's brands is at an all-time low and sales of Ideal Balance are growing strong double-digits. Healthy support behind the products will continue in the first half of this year, including nutritional consultants at superstores and eye-catching pallet displays. Our Prescription Diet business remains strong and growing. We've told you on previous calls about Prescription Diet metabolic. This breakthrough weight management diet is now sold in over 50 countries and sales are growing at a healthy double-digit rate, driving our global share of the weight category up by almost 2 points year-to-date. This quarter, we will be launching another new Prescription Diet product, c/d Multicare stress, for the nutritional management of urinary tract health in cats. Stress is an important contributing factor for some urinary conditions in cats. Prescription Diet c/d Multicare stress has been clinically tested to reduce the recurrence of feline idiopathic cystitis, which can arise from stress. The Q1 launch will be supported by a comprehensive in-clinic communication plan and sampling program with veterinary professionals and their clients. The feline urinary category is the largest feline therapeutic nutrition category globally. So in summary, we're extremely pleased with the way that we finished the year 2013. Our organic sales growth was strong around the world, our gross profit margin increased and our market shares are healthy. Colgate people around the world are all focused on our strategies and priorities, thereby delivering these consistent strong results. Our Global Growth and Efficiency Program is on track, as are our ongoing Funding the Growth initiatives. Our innovation pipeline is full and we're excited about the many new product initiatives we just told you about. So we expect this momentum to continue in 2014, and look forward to sharing our progress with you as we go throughout the year. That's the end of my prepared remarks, Vicky, and now, we can turn it over to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question today from Wendy Nicholson with Citi Research.
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: My first question has to do with currency. In 2012, if currency was a 400 basis point headline, pressure on top line, can you tell us what it would've been roughly on EBIT and earnings? And to the extent currency rates remain where they are now, what are you modeling for 2014, again, both on the top and the bottom line?
Ian M. Cook: Thanks, Wendy, and thanks for the question. The -- I would, though, before answering it, just like to reaffirm how we're thinking about the year 2014. As we have said before, we have been deploying the strategy that Bina mentioned for some 8 years now, and we think, focusing on that, which you can say is focusing on the fundamentals, is serving us well. So as we look at 2014, we're thinking and planning for top line growth to continue in that 5% to 7% organic growth range. We are looking for our gross margin to expand between 75 and 125 basis points, and that traces to a slightly more benign commodity environment, the continued strength of our Funding the Growth program, the on-plan tracking of our global growth and efficiency program, which will also lower our overhead, allowing us to continue in 2014, as we did in 2013, to increase our advertising, absolutely and as a percentage to sales, behind the rich and broad range of new products worldwide that Bina mentioned. Foreign exchange, as we have said before, is -- from a top line point of view, has a lower impact on a profitability point of view. So the top line impact in 2014, we have, based on the release we sent out, a hit of 3%. And when you look at the operating impact of that, it is near a 4% to 5% on the bottom line. And I think we fairly consistently said the bottom line impact is greater than the top line impact, and that ratio has historically been roughly the same. I would add that with the confirmation of our comfort with the consensus of external analysts' estimates and many of the notes we saw this morning, have that spot on, you're looking at a dollar EPS increase around 9%. And I would say, that's around 13% on a currency neutral basis. And that's the way we're thinking about the year.
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just as a follow-up to that. Obviously, your savings are accelerating. So in theory, hypothetically, suppose the FX impact worsened, how do you think about the tradeoffs between taking some of that $100 million of savings and dropping it to the bottom line? Or do you think, if FX worsens, well, then the reported earnings growth would slow?
Ian M. Cook: I think, Wendy, in the world we're in, we'll respond to that when the time comes. We said in our release that the emerging news from Venezuela, while not yet clear enough to take a view, is not factored in, nor any other macroeconomic impact, which we cannot yet foresee. What I would say is that, I think, as we have shown in the past, our response and communication on the view we take would be timely and comprehensive.
Operator: And we'll now go to the next question which comes from Ian Gordon with S&P Capital IQ.
Ian J. Gordon - S&P Capital IQ Equity Research: Just on the commodities again. So I think you did again repeat that you're expecting a more benign environment to this year. Well, we have been hearing, I think, from some other companies that it's becoming a little bit more of a headwind. So maybe a little bit of color there and maybe that's a good opportunity to sort of give some of the drivers of the gross margin for the fourth quarter and maybe how you're thinking about what the individual components will be for 2014?
Ian M. Cook: Okay, Ian. Well, let me start first by doing our now customary walk-through of the fourth quarter and take that as a jumping off point. So if you take the fourth quarter of 2012, the start point is 58.6%. And if you then work your way through, pricing gave us nothing, restructuring gave us 10 basis points, Funding the Growth, strong at the end of the year as it customarily is, 290 basis points. Material prices, a headwind of 260, that's a combination of cost and transaction, a little bit of -- or another 10 basis points, which gets you to the 59 1 or the increase of 50 basis points. Now as we look at 2014, I said benign. Benign for us is around about a 1% increase in raw and packing material costs. And the way we have thought about oil as an input is around $110, and I would say it is in that zone today. The one thing I would stress is that, of course, with the recent foreign exchange impacts we have seen, there will be a related increase in transaction costs, which we are, of course, absorbing in the plan that we have for 2014, which is going to see our pricing at the higher end of our 1% to 2% pricing target for the year.
Operator: We will now go to Joe Altobello with Oppenheimer & Co.
Joseph Altobello - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: I guess, since we just mentioned pricing, I'll start there. In terms of the pricing in the quarter, it looked like it was flat overall. How much of the pricing -- is it easy to tell, how much of the pricing is that you took in this quarter or the promotion you took in the quarter was to benefit new product launches and how much of that was a response to competitive activity? And then, secondly, just a follow-up on Hill's, it looked like another very good quarter in the fourth quarter. Have we turned the corner there on profitability? And should we see a return to more 2012 levels in terms of margins and EBIT there?
Ian M. Cook: Okay. Well, thanks, Joe. For us, the mix effect -- we have a dollar-weighted volume. So mix effect is in the volume growth. So when you think about pricing, for us, what you see across the divisions is pricing up in the emerging markets obviously beginning to address the transaction impact, and pricing in Europe and North America beginning to react to the promotional environment we are in correspondingly negative. I think, the good news is that the organic was still 6.5, and that volume is very strong at 6.5. And I think, very importantly, as we think about our marketing mix modeling, notwithstanding that position in the fourth quarter, our gross margin was still up 50 basis points, right in the middle of the guidance we gave there. So as we think forward and as we have said many, many times, our innovation seeks to deliver premiumization and therefore be accretive to gross margin by developing ideas that consumers believe they get good value for the premium they pay. On the other hand, from a promotional point of view, we don't seek to chase what we think are unsustainable promotional efforts that simply load pantry but will take growth out of future quarters, although we will selectively adjust to defend our market share where we feel we need to. And Hill's, we're very pleased with the consecutive quarterly performance on Hill's. We think, it traces, as we have said before, to a growing portfolio of very competitive innovation in the early periods catch-up. But I think, as Bina went through both on the last call and this call, you're now beginning to see, I think, some innovative, market-leading innovation on the Hill's business. And as we said on the last call, we expect that innovation profile to continue on Hill's. Gross margin is a rebuild on Hill's, and we increased gross margin third quarter to fourth. And again, as Bina said earlier, we expect that to continue into 2014. So we're pleased with the pace and we plan to continue that momentum in 2014.
Operator: And we'll go to Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.
Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Ian, just one point of clarification. The comment about the sequential improvement in the Hill's margins versus Q4's level, is that as you move throughout the year in 2014, or is that more just looking at Q1 versus Q4?
Ian M. Cook: It's looking at the Q1 versus Q4.
Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then, I was hoping you could walk us through what you're seeing from a macro perspective as you look across the various emerging markets, geographies, any changes in consumer spending or impact on your categories and some of this volatility in January, are you seeing any fallout from that?
Ian M. Cook: Well, the data we have from the categories is fourth quarter data. It seems to be the topic de jour, the emerging markets. And as we look around our world and we have had several of our executives traveling the world, I would say we are seeing consistently what we said on the third quarter call, which, if you go around the world, is basically to say that our categories, and I stress, we're talking our categories, not the macros or a general industry basket, our categories continue to grow mid to high single-digits in those emerging markets, which is pleasing. In the North American environment, our categories are growing around low single-digits, around 2. And as Bina said, in the fourth quarter, we saw that slow a little bit. And as we have said before, and it's a view we continue to take on Europe, notwithstanding a certain amount of growing enthusiasm for a macro turnaround, the overall category growth in Europe is essentially flat, with some categories modestly up and other categories down. And we continue to expect that to be the case for the next several years, which was why when we embarked upon our Global Growth and Efficiency Program, we said, and you've already seen some of it announced, that the impact would be disproportionate to Europe because we wanted to rightsize our cost structure against likely more muted category growth in the medium term, and that's exactly what we're doing. So I would say the world continues, in our businesses, to be pretty much the way we saw it in the third quarter and current data shows no overall change to that.
Operator: Next is Bill Chappell with SunTrust.
William B. Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Ian, I just want to make sure, on the Max Cavi with sugar acid, I think, the comment was you're moving into Spain, Portugal and the Nordic countries this quarter. And I'm just trying to understand, I was kind of under the impression you were looking more at developing regions for that first before you moved into developed. So is that kind of a change and maybe you could give kind of an update of what countries you do plan to go into this quarter? I think, Bina mentioned a few of them.
Ian M. Cook: Well, the answer to that, Bill, is we're doing a few things. I have said before, we have said before, that we do think the biggest opportunity is in the emerging markets. Clearly, we're using Turkey and Brazil to see the pace of growth we can get there. The European entries is really to see, in a fairly simple regulatory environment, what sort of marketplace potential that product may have. As the year unfolds, you will continue to see more of a focus on the emerging markets, and the only reason we didn't mention it is that we didn't want to reveal, and still don't, when and where those entries would be.
William B. Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, just to make sure I understand, you go in, is the entry margin-accretive? I mean, is this a higher-margin product than what you're replacing?
Ian M. Cook: We're happy with the margin, Bill. And we are happy with the margin. Let's just leave it at that.
Operator: And we'll go to Olivia Tong with Bank of America.
Olivia Tong - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Earlier in the call, you batted down some concerns with respect to growth and trade up opportunity in China and India, which was helpful. But are there other markets where you are seeing some pushback? It certainly sounds like growth in Brazil is balanced with growth in the anti-cavity and Neutrazucar, as well as Luminous and Total, but what about Mexico and other key countries?
Ian M. Cook: Yes. I think, I guess, there are 2 factors here. Consumers, and I think, this is the duty of a consumer marketing company, are prepared to buy things that work and deliver a benefit that they see a value with. And we don't believe that, that is limited to certain countries. We believe that one can develop products that deliver those benefits and that the consumers are prepared to pay for. And I would say, without being too clich, that's a global statement. So premium innovation can work anywhere, and I think, it's our duty and our challenge to keep finding ways to make it work. In certain parts of the world, you see a promotional activity stepped up as perhaps some people chase our market share, and the view we have taken on these things is that all you are really doing is advancing purchases that, that is not a sustainable position to take. Now as we manage our business planning, we obviously manage a repertoire of activities that includes the premiumization, that includes an intelligent response to the marketplace environment we have and very much in those emerging markets where the down trade consumer struggles with cash, we put enormous focus on sizing and the pricing that goes with that sizing in order to provide an affordable entry point to those consumers, even if on a per mill basis, they're actually paying more for the product, you are meeting their cash outlay needs, so it can be accretive from a margin point of view and address the consumer. So all those 3 things are in play as we think about our business plans market by market.
Operator: Chris Ferrara with Wells Fargo is next.
Christopher Ferrara - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Ian, I was hoping to get your perspective on Latin American pricing. All right, I guess, so the gap between price and FX, where there's usually some relationship, I guess, is almost as wide as it's been ever in the last 20 years. And each time it's been this wide, it's gone the other way, it's bounced back, right? So if you go back to 2002, 1995, you've basically taken pricing to cover the currency later. So I was just wondering if you can give a little insight into whether there's any difference in the relationship between those 2 things today relative to those historical periods that would make us think it wouldn't bounce in the future. And I know Venezuela is a piece of it, maybe some price is actually what's more like mix or volume today, but I was wondering if you could just comment on that?
Ian M. Cook: Yes. It's a difficult question to answer crisply. But you would have to say that Venezuela is definitely a piece of it because that is a constraining factor on pricing given the regulations that are in place today. And equally, one has to say, Argentina, while intelligent movement can be made, it has not been with the freedom that maybe history would have allowed. And the second point to make is there is always a lead lag to your ability to take pricing. And frankly, in today's world, you see such a rapid shift in foreign exchange as opposed to a steady erosion that can be reacted to in a timely fashion that I think, yes, one will see a catch-up, but there is a lag to the catch-up, and Venezuela and Argentina are outliers in that regard from a Latin American point of view. So I hope that was clear.
Christopher Ferrara - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Yes. That helps. And I guess, just a quick follow-up on Venezuela. The news you're talking about, just to make sure I have it right, I mean, is this basically the announcement that the SICAD rate could be at VEB 11.3 instead of the VEB 6.3 that we've seen?
Ian M. Cook: It is, Chris. And the fact of the matter is, there is not enough clarity yet to make a definitive or come to a definitive conclusion as to how that is going to affect the business because you got translation, you got historical costs like inventory and you've got the cost of bringing raw materials and finished goods, and there is not yet enough definition around all of those things to take a view, but it is indeed that news that we are referring to. And as we said in our release, we're still reviewing and assessing to take a position there.
Operator: We'll now go to Nik Modi with RBC Capital Markets.
Nik Modi - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Ian, if you could just talk about any early insights from some of the Turkey test market or from Brazil on the anti-cavity product in terms of what's going on with category growth? Is it a trade-up? Any perspective you can share on just the dynamics around that product launch?
Ian M. Cook: Yes. First, I have to say, it is very, very early days. And I think, getting too excited is never a good thing ever in my view. So -- but I would tell you that from a distribution point of view, I would tell you, from a build of market share point of view and the early trial curve, they had been very good in both countries. We have not yet seen the full impact of the marketing plans, we have not yet felt the benefit of the sort of public health programs we're putting in place, nor do we have repeat number. But early indications are growing category, growing share, and certainly, a premiumization in that segment. So we'll keep you posted on how things unfold.
Nik Modi - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Great. And then, just a quick follow-up, unrelatedly. Just from a competitive intensity standpoint, I'm sorry if I missed this earlier, I had to hop off for a second, but as you look across all of your very heavy share markets, when you're 70%, 80% share, are you seeing some of the competitive intensity settle out or stabilize? I'm just trying to get an understanding of what some of the competitive behavior looked like recently?
Ian M. Cook: Yes. I guess, I would say, as a general view, there seems to be more promotional activity in the developed world and maybe that is people chasing a greater share of a pie that is not growing so fast, or in the European case, not growing at all. I would say, overall, in the emerging markets, nothing that we would point to, to say a dramatic difference in competitive activity, some country to country changes that we have observed, not enough to conclude a trend. And I think, we're meeting that hopefully intelligently and well. We're seeing our share in Brazil up. We're seeing our share in Mexico hold over 80%. We're seeing our share in Russia, over 33%. We're seeing our share in China up to 35%, and our share in India over 54%. So I think, we are balancing meeting the activity and yet bringing the innovation that provides true growth both from a category point of view and a market share point of view. But the big picture answer would be nothing to say there has been a noticeable trend change.
Operator: And we'll go to Alice Longley with Buckingham Research.
Alice Beebe Longley - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: A couple of follow-up questions on pricing. Overall, it was flat this quarter and yet you're projecting, I think, 2% for next year. So could you specify more where that acceleration is coming? And also, this is sort of about 2014, the North America, your organic sales growth was 3%. Is that something that's reasonable to expect for next year? And in answering that, can you talk about whether you think you'll start gaining share in toothpaste?
Ian M. Cook: Yes. Okay, Alice. Well, the pricing that we will recover in 2014 will, of course, be global pricing. But I think, it would be fair to say, given the transaction impact, the bias for that pricing would be more in the emerging markets. We are pleased with our North American organic growth prospects. The U.S. market share is one of many market shares that we have around the world. And as we said on the last call, there has been a, shall we say, slightly elevated promotional environment, some of which we are choosing to respond to, and some of which we have not and will not because we don't think it's reasonable. I do think we will see market share improve over the balance of this year, but I would make the comment, when you're thinking about a global business, you're going to have situations from time to time where certain geographies face short-term pressures. But if you take the long-term view in terms of our share, whether it's North America or all the world, you see pretty strong progress, and you raise toothpaste, as Bina mentioned, we're up to a 7% now in mouth rinse and we're fully global in that business, 7% share in the U.S. And of course, our toothbrush leadership share is now over 38%. So we will do what is right by the business and we believe that will lead to share growth. But we're not going to abandon sensible business principles just to chase market share.
Alice Beebe Longley - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Ian, so you're going to be more second half-weighted for EPS growth this year?
Ian M. Cook: I wouldn't comment on that, Alice. I wouldn't comment on that.
Operator: We'll go to Ali Dibadj with Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: So just a first clarification. Moving from a 6% EPS growth that you delivered in 2013 to the 9% in 2014, I think, from your -- from the mosaic of your commentary, it sounds like it's more really gross margin-driven, particularly cost-cutting and FX. So just a clarification there. And then, what I've noticed is that a lot of the questions have to do with this volume price differential. And I know you guys resisted breaking out volume between kind of true volume and mix, but given that there's just so many new products coming out, it's actually pretty tough for us to figure out what actually is going on in your top line. So can you give us a sense of quantifying maybe how much of that -- [indiscernible] emerging markets there, just your overall "volume number" is mix versus true volume or how much premiumization you get when you, on average, put out a new product or just something of that nature? And why it's tough for you guys as opposed to every other company to kind of split out that volume and mix within that number?
Ian M. Cook: Well, the -- to come back to your point of clarification, yes, I would say, the broad headline is, that is a fair conclusion. We will see improvement in our gross margin. We will see improvement in our overhead, driven by the Global Growth and Efficiency Program, allowing us to increase absolutely and as a percent of sales our advertising. And as I said, although it's 9% from a dollar point of view, it's 13% from a local currency point of view. And as far as we're concerned, Ali, the way we have, for many, many years, explained the top line growth of our company is, we think, translatable. You see what the organic is, you know what the pure SBI [ph] is. And organic is organic. So it's in the numbers. And we think, an ability to deliver 5% to 7% organic growth consistently, and by expanding our gross margin, delivering healthy bottom line growth, is a reasonable and sensible model.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: So I think, the direction is clear on it in terms of the growth, it's just difficult to know how much is actually volume growth versus premiumization because one could argue one has a different longevity than the other. But okay, so anyway, I'm not going to win that battle today. To switch on Hill's, can you give us a sense of what's going on, particularly in Japan? And also, just back to this margin question, there was a time when the belief was that these margins could go back to historical levels. And I just want to double check that -- make sure you still feel that. And in that answer, if you could, the margin degradation we've seen, how much of that is promotional spend, so that could go away versus how much of that is the ingredient cost on Ideal Balance is very different and that will remain for a while?
Ian M. Cook: Yes. Thanks, Ali. I think, first, let's take the Hill's business overall, and then the Hill's business gross margin in Japan. I have to say, we are pleased with the Hill's progress in a relatively short period of time. Remember, the U.S. is the largest part of that business by a long way. And we believe that we have the portfolio now and the innovation stream to remain competitive, not just in the U.S., but in other parts of the world going forward. We have said clearly and the plan we have built was to return the Hill's gross profit over the coming years to historical levels, and that remains the plan. We have seen the quarter-on-quarter increase to 4 [ph]. We talked that, that would continue into 2014, starting with the first quarter. And therefore, that will continue out in time. And of course, the innovation we are bringing gives us the opportunity to use the mix to further increase the gross margin. So the answer on that question is, yes, it is our plan to get back to historical levels, and we're on plan, and we feel good about that. Japan, which is not an enormous part of the Hill's business, we have had some market issues from a distribution and a portfolio competitiveness point of view. And the innovation work that we have done, driven by the U.S., is being deployed in Japan in 2014, along with some go-to market changes. And we believe that, that will correct the business in Japan over the coming little while.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will now go to Bill Schmitz with Deutsche Bank.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I don't know if this is purposeful or not, but it seems like, regionally, when one region starts to sort of show accelerating margins, others fall. So the [indiscernible] the North American margins for instance and now they're hovering above 30%, but there's been obviously a fallback in Latin America and some other regions. So is that part of the broader strategy that we're going to focus on North America from a cost perspective, from a mix perspective, when that kind of runs its course, we're going to move to the next one or is this kind of the natural progression of things?
Ian M. Cook: I would say, Bill, it's the natural progression of things. We don't sort of rotate businesses across divisions in such a manner. Yes, no is the answer to your question.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. I mean, so the operating margin in North America at 30%, I mean, is that sort of hitting against sort of like the natural resistance level of how high margins can go or do you think there's still is kind of more room there to get it up? And then, I guess, conversely, obviously, the African business is still very much in investment growth phase because it's much sort of earlier on the consumption curve, but could that be the big upside maybe if that 30% starts stabilizing?
Ian M. Cook: Well, as you know, we don't tend to get into discussions on EBIT because it depends where the timing of innovation by geography. So I would simply bring you back to the gross margin. And there, our objective is to grow gross margins in all divisions year upon year. And you know that our gross margin in the emerging markets is higher than the developed. So that will continue to be our plan. And then, depending on the timing of events, the EBIT margin will be what the EBIT margin will be. We don't tend to think or talk about lines of resistance on the gross margin. When we get to the 65%, we'll have another discussion.
Operator: And we'll go to Javier Escalante with Consumer Edge Research.
Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: First, a clarification. What is your current exposure to Venezuela as of the fourth quarter in terms of profit? My real question has to do again with this pricing topic that had been going on throughout the conference call and has to do with, it seems from the outside that you're being conservative in Latin America in terms of pricing. And at the same time, it looks as if when we look at Europe, very negative pricing, we don't know whether these are real price cuts or these are increases in trade or spending. But help us understand why you seem to be investing in terms of pricing in a region like Europe that has very little to offer going forward in terms of growth. And at the same time, you seem to be leaving pricing on the table in Latin America, at least this is the way that I see it from the outside.
Ian M. Cook: Well, Javier, let's start with the exposure. I think, for Venezuela point of view, we have been very clear in our Qs as to the exposure that Venezuela represents from a global point of view. And from an operating margin point of view, it's 3%. So that's what Venezuela represents. I think, in response to an earlier question, the question mark around pricing conservatism in Latin America, as I said earlier, Venezuela regulations currently don't permit across-the-board pricing, so we take what we can, when we can. And the same is the case for Argentina. And then, you have the customary lead lag between the deterioration of exchange rates and your ability to price to offset the transaction costs. In Europe, it's just a practical reality, Javier. The environment in Europe is basically no growth, and that brings pressure from retailers and competitors perhaps who had more of a footprint in Europe than we who want to wrest market share. And so we deploy the same strategies that we deploy, and we have seen terrific progress on gross margin from a European point of view. And therefore, as we think about marketing mix, we will do more at the store level in Europe than in other parts of the world, and that comes in the pricing line and not in the advertising and promotion line. And if you look at our market share performance in Europe, we think we've got the balance relatively right, and that is why -- because our market shares have been going up in Europe from an oral care point of view particularly, and that is why our focus in Europe is on structural cost, so that we can rightsize the structure to reflect the top line as reality will have it be and not go chase that top line, but rather grow more aggressively from an organic point, as you have seen in the emerging markets where we're growing double-digits. So it's a case of balancing against the market realities. And I guess, that's the answer.
Operator: We'll go to Michael Steib with Crdit Suisse.
Michael Steib - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Ian, my question relates to geographic mix and what you're factoring in for 2014 really in your outlook. I mean, given that you have some very high-margin businesses in Latin America and in parts of Asia where currencies have been most under pressure, I was just wondering how you're looking at the impact of the geographic mix for 2014?
Ian M. Cook: Well, Michael, actually, we're quite pleased. As a matter of strategy with our geographic mix, we still believe that having 53% of our business in the emerging world pays us dividend from a growth point of view, with categories growing in the mid to high single-digits compared to low single-digits in North America, and essentially flat in Europe, so we like that. And when we released our earnings, and indeed, I said earlier on this call, we are happy with the focus on our current strategy. We think it has served us well for the last 8 years. So with the geographic mix we have, we are looking to continue a top line growth rate of between 5% and 7%, which obviously will be more accelerated in the emerging markets than it will be in the developed markets, just as we have seen this year. And with our Funding the Growth program and the Global Growth and Efficiency Program, be able to provide the funds to invest in advertising, absorb the transaction impact of the foreign exchange changes so far announced and which many of you have already captured and still deliver a 9% EPS growth or 13% on a currency neutral basis. So that's how we think about our split in the world.
Operator: And we'll go to Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just wanted to ask you about the Personal Care launch actually in North America. I just couldn't recall the last time you guys talked about fully integrated campaign, et cetera, and new technology in Personal Care, particularly in North America and in that deodorant business. If you could just kind of talk to us about your multiyear goals there, maybe where are -- I'm guessing your deodorant shares are in the single-digits today. That would be great.
Ian M. Cook: They are in the single-digits, Lauren. We're really quite pleased with this Speed Stick Gear innovation. It gives us a quality concept, a quality product, and conviction to put meaningful marketing spend behind. And the trade reaction has been a very, very good. Obviously, early days, a category that we are committed to globally and you will see a multiyear plan unfold in the United States. And of course, the objective is to get the market share up.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Great. Okay. And just completely unrelated, I just wanted to make sure I read this statement in the press release correctly about currency -- that your current outlook has taken into account some of the dramatic moves that we've seen in emerging market currencies in the last 10 days or so, excluding Venezuela, but all the other kind of craziness out there, you have factored into your outlook?
Ian M. Cook: The craziness so far, yes. And you captured it perfectly in your note [ph]. Yes, you read it right.
Operator: And we'll go to Connie Maneaty with BMO Capital.
Constance Marie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Just 2 questions. One is a follow-up on FX. If we exclude -- so if we exclude the special cases that are Venezuela and Argentina from FX, there is so much fear these days of a contagion of all the currencies falling. Do you think that's realistic or does your experience, since there was the Asian contagion, tell you differently about the current environment?
Ian M. Cook: To be candid, Connie, I think, you're asking the wrong person. The notion of contagion of emerging market currencies is not an area of expertise that I would have. So I wouldn't care to forecast.
Constance Marie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Are there people that you consult about this? I'm just wondering if this is a media construct or if it's something you're seriously dealing with.
Ian M. Cook: I think, my experience over the last 5 years with foreign exchange is that everybody knows after the fact. And that coming into any year, projections which usually have a broad array of differing opinions are usually wrong. So we have taken multiple opinions and you can get the answer to the question that you want, and we would rather react. Obviously, one plans, it's not that one doesn't plan, but people coming into the year, predicting Turkey, predicting Ukraine, events in Thailand, as we have said multiple times in prior years, so many of the things that happen in our world these days, even some of the best minds don't know about until after they have happened. So we do run models and we do have discussions and we do take points of view, but it's something that we wouldn't care to predict.
Constance Marie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. That's helpful. And just one entirely different question. What does your market research tell you the appeal is of highly flavored toothpaste such as mint chocolate and vanilla mint that are coming on the market next month? And would you be playing in those categories?
Ian M. Cook: Well, I haven't tried -- I like mint and I like chocolate mint in ice cream. I must say, I had not tried the product, I think, you're referring to, Connie. We have seen in different parts of the world attempt to come with, shall we say, very differentiated, nontraditional toothpaste flavors, whether they be fruits or other things. And so we will be monitoring, as we have done in other cases, with interest, the performance. But I guess rather like our view on foreign exchange, we have no definitive answer to that question either.
Operator: And we'll now go to Caroline Levy with CLSA.
Caroline S. Levy - CLSA Limited, Research Division: Just a couple of things. Again, on the North American margin, which is the highest in the world, which is a little different from some multinationals, and you said the gross margin is higher outside [ph], but do you see upside to your North American EBIT margin over time, do you see steady growth there?
Ian M. Cook: Again, Caroline, you may have missed my prior answer. We don't comment on EBIT projections for the company. You can rest assured that our focus continues to be to get the gross margin up, as you said, and with the Global Growth and Efficiency Program, to lower our overheads. That, therefore, provides one the opportunity to invest some of those funds and bring other of those funds freed up to the bottom line. So -- and we will make those choices as we go forward.
Caroline S. Levy - CLSA Limited, Research Division: Got it. And then, in Funding the Growth, is there any geographic skew to that to where those savings happen?
Ian M. Cook: It depends from year-to-year, Caroline. Generally, they're pretty broad-based, both by geography and by category. Some years, you may have a particular initiative that is powerful in one particular category or for one particular geography. But usually, they're pretty broad-based.
Caroline S. Levy - CLSA Limited, Research Division: Great. And my final question would just be on GDP growth and demand for toothpaste. It would be intuitive that you'd be less sensitive to swings in demand in other categories. But if China's GDP growth goes from 9% to 5%, I mean, God forbid, but if it is 5%, would you expect that you would still be growing your business just because of the lack of penetration of toothpaste usage?
Ian M. Cook: Yes. Caroline, it's interesting. I would say, over many years, we have not seen a very strong correlation between modest slowdowns in GDP and the purchasing of our products. If we look, as I said earlier, at the emerging markets, even into Brazil with the GDP slowdown, our categories are still growing mid to high single-digits. And I think, that's a combination of the still emerging middle class, our ability to increase penetration, our ability to educate to increase usage and our ability to trade up intelligently consumers in the business. So whilst one can't say they're completely decoupled, there's no empirical evidence, at least on our data, that it directly affects our categories.
Operator: And we'll go to John Faucher with JPMorgan.
John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I'll try to keep this quick. The 13% currency neutral earnings guidance is very impressive, particularly given the difficulties out there. Was that in line with what you were thinking before in October when you guys first gave guidance or have things changed to maybe try to offset some of the incremental impact?
Ian M. Cook: It was entirely driven, John, by the foreign exchange slide that started in the middle of January. So when we were looking at the world in the fourth quarter, we genuinely were thinking and planning for double-digit in dollar terms. And as I said earlier -- and many people externally, to your point, in the notes we had seen already, reflected those exchange movements, excluding Venezuela, as we discussed earlier. And so, therefore, that change came subsequent to the way we were thinking about the year, and indeed, talking about the year, when we last spoke in October.
John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Well, Ian, that's great. Ian, I guess my question was, was 13% always the number on a currency neutral basis or did that actually move up a little bit?
Ian M. Cook: It probably moved up slightly, John.
Operator: We'll now go to Jon Andersen with William Blair.
Jon Andersen - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I guess, most of the questions that could have -- must have already been asked, but I'll focus on online shopping. I wanted to know how meaningful that channel is for you today, is it growing faster than other parts of your business? And I guess, the second part would be what's your strategy approach to the online channel? Are there advantages there that you're looking to take advantage of lower cost, better margins, better targeting of consumers? Just any thoughts on that would be helpful.
Ian M. Cook: Yes, Jon. Well, obviously, it's much in the press area. We are today delivering our toothpaste using drones to people in Manhattan. That was a joke, Jon, or an attempt at a joke. It is a high-growth area, but it is still an extremely small part of our business today. We participate with all of the major online shopping portals, whether they be linked to a brick-and-mortar retailer or whether they be a standalone, both here, Europe and in China. For some businesses, we see the potential as greater, take Hill's, where you have fairly large bags of pet nutrition product in an urban area in Europe, we see a greater potential for online. So we have a multi-point strategy that is an awful lot of -- we call them tests and learns to see how we can engage and connect with the consumer. So we're experimenting broadly, but it is still not a meaningful part of our business, albeit with some potential on Hill's in Europe.
Operator: And we'll take our last question today from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So I had a question on pricing. No, just kidding. I think we've beaten that horse enough. Actually, most of the questions have been asked. So I just wanted to turn to the balance sheet really quickly. Your leverage ratio is incredibly low. What prevents you from taking on more leverage, whether it be to buy growth, invest in growth or return some cash to shareholders?
Ian M. Cook: Well, I think, Jason, it's funny, I think about the year leading into the sub-prime and the questions were remarkably similar, why don't you leverage up and do something? Our general thinking on this space is that you've seen our debt move up a little bit, although it's still very low, 7.5% of our market cap with all of our ratios in a good place. I guess, the view we tend to take is that we like to keep our powder dry, should an acquisition candidate present itself. As we think about 2014, obviously, we have not yet taken a decision, our board has not yet taken a decision on our dividend. You know we do that earlier -- a little bit later in this year. But you can imagine that our dividends would grow in line with earnings. This year, our share buyback was around $1.5 billion, and we're thinking in the same range for 2014, unless that appropriate acquisition candidate presents itself, and that's rather, if we were to prioritize where beyond dividend we would see the money going, on the sense that it is strategically of value to the company. The problem is, as you know, that an M&A strategy or an execution of an M&A opportunity is often a long and arduous and very unpredictable process, so they cannot be done at will. And of course, during the years of the restructuring program, we have seen our CapEx increase as we are putting in place some significant projects for the future. And bluntly, that's the profile we'd like to keep and plan to keep going forward.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So are you actively pursuing M&A? Or are those comments just meant to reflect your willingness were the right asset come to market?
Ian M. Cook: It depends what you mean by pursue, Jason. I don't think you would have to do an awful lot of detailed work to know the kinds of companies, businesses that are attracted to people in the consumer product space base. Garver [ph] was a multiyear journey. So I think, the most appropriate way to answer the question is to say that were the right opportunity to present itself, we would actively consider it, obviously, at the right evaluation.
Operator: That concludes our question-and-answer session, I'd like to turn it back to Ian for any additional or closing remarks.
Ian M. Cook: No. Thanks for the extensive list of questions and thanks for taking an interest in the performance of the company. We will, of course, keep you updated across the year, as is now customary. And especially, big thanks to all of the Colgate folk around the world who make these results happen. Talk to you soon.
Operator: Thank you very much. That does conclude our conference for today. I'd like to thank everyone for your participation and have a good day.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-24 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Bina H. Thompson - Former Vice President of Investor Relations Ian M. Cook - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
Analysts: Christopher Ferrara - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Ian J. Gordon - S&P Capital IQ Equity Research Caroline S. Levy - CLSA Limited, Research Division John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division William B. Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Joseph Altobello - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Michael Steib - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Alice Beebe Longley - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division Olivia Tong - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Constance Marie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgate.com. Just as a remember, there may be a slight delay before the question-and-answer session begins due to the web simulcast. At this time, for opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson. Please go ahead.
Bina H. Thompson: Thank you, Andrea. Good morning, and welcome to our Third Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, Chairman, President and CEO; Dennis Hickey, CFO; Victoria Dolan, Corporate Controller; and Elaine Paik, Treasurer. This conference call will include forward-looking statements, and these statements are made on the basis of our views and assumptions as of this time and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual events or results may differ materially from these statements. So for information about certain factors that could cause such differences, investors should consult our most recent annual report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on our website, including the information set forth under the captions Risk Factors and Cautionary Statements on Forward-looking Statements. This conference call will also include a discussion of non-GAAP financial measures, which differ from our results prepared in accordance with GAAP. We will discuss organic sales growth, excluding foreign exchange, acquisitions and divestitures. We will also discuss gross profit, gross profit margin, SG&A, operating profit, effective tax rate, net income and earnings per share, excluding the impact of certain items described in the press release. A full reconciliation with the corresponding GAAP measures is included in the press release and is posted in the For Investors section of our website at www.colgatepalmolive.com. We're very pleased to report another strong quarter, especially with the momentum that has continued throughout the year. Business is sound in the developed markets of the world and continues to be robust in our emerging markets. Global market shares are healthy and growing in a number of our categories, including manual and powered toothbrushes, mouthwash, bar soaps and shampoos. Our simple financial strategy continues to serve us well. Gross margin increased to 59%, approaching our near-term goal of 60%, and impressive in the face of a 180-basis-point increase in the year-ago quarter. Importantly, our gross margin savings, as well as the strict control of overheads, has allowed us to increase advertising, absolutely and as a percent of sales, and to increase operating profit. And as you know, foreign exchange has been a headwind for us throughout the year. Our guidance for full year EPS growth of between 4.5% and 5.5%, which we provided earlier in the quarter, was predicated on more favorable exchange rates than what actually transpired, but we were able to offset this with a slightly lower tax rate. For the full year, we expect an effective tax rate of 31.7%, well within our ongoing guidance of between 31% and 32%. Our Global Growth and Efficiency Program is nicely on track. While the anticipated charges in savings associated with the 4-year program remain the same, due to an acceleration of certain projects, our current estimate for 2013 is that charges will now be in the range of $365 million to $390 million before tax, and savings projected to be between $45 million and $55 million before tax. We're just now starting to see the effects of these savings. So a solid P&L accompanied by good cash generations and a strong balance sheet. So let's turn to the divisions. North America. As referenced in the press release, U.S. market shares are increasing in a number of categories. While category growth overall remains somewhat sluggish, we are growing ahead of the categories in virtually every retail environment, which is reflected in our market share gains. We're particularly pleased with the launch of Colgate Total Mouthwash, launched in May behind record retail support. Our highly impactful in-store displays, highlighting the importance of an oral care regimen, were ahead of our initial goal and up almost 50% versus 2012. Our overall mouthwash share in the most recent period was 7.3%, with Colgate Total Mouthwash achieving 4.2%. Shares in the Hispanic market were even higher. Trial and repeat rates have outpaced other recent competitive launches, and a robust sampling plan has allowed us to reach 30% of mouthwash households so far in 2013. In addition, our professional plan has included sampling, ads in dental journals, digital communication coupons, dental detailing and communications with leaders in scientific affairs. As mentioned in the press release, we're in the process of shipping Colgate's Slim Soft toothbrush into the U.S. markets. As you may recall, this product was first introduced into the Asian market and has met with great success there, as you will hear later. Here in the U.S., the launch is proceeding well. Beginning this month, we are on air with a consumer-validated television commercial. And in addition, our marketing campaign includes strong outreach to health and [indiscernible] magazine editors with over 40 million impressions to date. Key retailers are providing strong display support. And in the social media space, we have had very positive consumer feedback. We have more innovation slated for the first quarter of next year, which we will share with you soon. Turning then to Europe/South Pacific. Results in this region were quite solid given the overall macroeconomic situation. There have been some very modest signs of improvement. Consumer confidence in the Eurozone has progressed from being negative 23.7 in the first quarter to negative 16.6 in the second quarter to an early read for the third quarter of negative 10.5. Germany and France, where we have large businesses, have recently reported modest GDP growth, while Italy and Greece are still negative with continued high unemployment rates. Innovation is key to driving share and category growth, and we referenced a number of successful new product launches across the region in the press release. Our regional market shares are up in toothpaste, toothbrushes, mouthwash and fabric conditioners. Our toothpaste market share is up in both Western and Eastern Europe. In Eastern Europe, our share is up over 1 point to 37.8% on a year-to-date basis with the most recent share at 38.5%. Across the region, our manual toothbrush share is up 230 basis points to 22.3% on a year-to-date basis with the most recent read at 22.7%. And in mouthwash, our share is up 40 basis points, 15.2% on a year-to-date basis with the most recent read at 15.5%. New product activity is continuing in the fourth quarter. In Oral Care, we'll continue with the relaunch of our Colgate base business, as well as elmex Sensitive Gentle Whitening, which we told you about on our last call. In addition, we are launching elmex ortho manual toothbrush. This toothbrush is designed to clean in and around braces and other orthodontic appliances. With a V-trim bristle system, soft and long outer bristles gently clean the tooth surface and along the gum line, while medium-type, short inner bristles clean between and around metal braces. In Personal Care, we maintained the momentum in our Sanex body wash business. We are relaunching the Sanex Dermo line, supported by a full integrated marketing campaign. The line will have new packaging and a formula with the Dermo Active 3 complex that delivers the 3 key benefits to keep skin healthy: deep moisturization, protection and pH balance. As you know, we have a very strong Home Care business across the region. In France, the market-leading dish liquid is our iconic Paic brand, a new innovation for Paic is our dish and kitchen surfaces antibacterial with a unique double action benefit of both multisurface and antibacterial, supported by the strong claim, "Kills 99.9% of bacteria." Turning then to Latin America. We're very pleased with the strong organic sales growth in Latin America in the third quarter, a sequential improvement from the second quarter and a good indication of the health of our businesses despite challenging external factors. As you know, we put a great deal of focus on our on-the-ground execution here, as elsewhere, and that has paid off. Market shares are strong across the region. In Brazil, we've consolidated our leading toothpaste share at almost 72%, up 20 basis points year to date. Successful premium products, such as Colgate Luminous White and a revitalization of our Colgate Total business, has contributed to these results. In manual toothbrushes in Brazil, we continue to widen the gap with our nearest competitor, now over 5 points. Our record year-to-date share of 32.5% is up 20 basis points versus the prior year and, as with toothpaste, has been driven by the launch of premium toothbrushes such as Colgate 360. Our year-to-date toothpaste share in Mexico consistently remains over 80%. In toothbrushes, we reached another record year-to-date leadership share of 44.1%, up 170 basis points year-over-year. In the direct trade, both high visibility and our focused regimen strategy have boosted share, while specific merchandising plans in the mini marts and mom-and-pop stores have driven results in the indirect trade. Our mouthwash share is up over 2 points on a year-to-date basis to 23.3%. Exciting new products scheduled for the fourth quarter should help maintain the excellent momentum in this business. In Brazil, we will be launching Colgate Superior anti-cavity with Nutra Super [ph] Toothpaste. Nutra Sucar [ph] or Sugar Acid Neutralizer is a breakthrough technology first introduced to the professional dental community at the Worldwide Dental Congress in Turkey in August. This is the first and only Colgate family anti-cavity toothpaste with Nutra Sucar [ph] to directly fight sugar acids in plaques, which are the #1 cause of cavities. It reduces early tooth decay by half as compared to toothpaste with fluoride, which reduces it only by 32%. And it has 4x greater remineralization than regular fluoride toothpaste. As you would expect with a major launch such as this, it will be supported by a fully integrated marketing campaign, reaching the consumer at many touch points: at home with TV, print, radio and digital, on the way to the store with sampling and street activations and in-store with impactful merchandising displays. In the Personal Care category, we're very excited about the launch of men's and ladies' Speed Stick Cool in Mexico. These 2 new lines of underarm protection contain fragrances inspired and created by the world of fine fragrances. The spray variance have a new shrink sleeve packaging, which provides stronger differentiation on the shelf and a tangible feel that further communicates the Cool concept. In Asia, we're very pleased with the continued momentum with widespread strong organic sales growth. As elsewhere, our consistent flow of new products has fueled this growth and accompanying higher market shares. In India, our toothpaste market share is up 80 basis points year to date to a record 54.3%, as premium-priced products, such as Colgate Visible White, have met with great success. Similarly, premium-priced toothpastes have driven our year-to-date share in China to almost 34%, an increase of 30 basis points. In the Philippines, our toothpaste share is up 220 basis points to 55.5%. And in Thailand, our toothpaste share is up 150 basis points to 53%. And we told you previously about the division-wide launch of Colgate Slim Soft Charcoal manual toothbrush. That innovation continues to pick up incremental share in all the markets where it has been launched. As a result, the year-to-date market share for both Slim Soft variants is now almost double digits in many countries, led by Hong Kong at 20%, Thailand at 17.9% and Taiwan at 10.1%. In India, our manual toothbrush share is up 250 basis points to a record 41.6% year to date with the most recent read at 42.2%, largely driven by the commercial strategy improvements implemented since the beginning of the year. Our regional mouthwash share is up 40 basis points year to date to 19.6% with the most recent reading of 20.2%. More innovation is planned for the fourth quarter. Two exciting Oral Care innovations are slated for the Chinese market, Colgate 360 Enamel Protects toothpaste, which builds on the success of the original Colgate 360 toothpaste, developed specifically for the Chinese consumers. The new variant adds the benefit of enamel protection with the whole mouth clean proposition of the original variant, which is important, as the Chinese consumer believes that enamel is the first layer of protection for their teeth. In manual toothbrushes, to accompany the launch of Colgate 360 Enamel Protect toothpaste, we are launching Colgate 360 Interdental toothbrush, which addresses the consumer's desire for a clean mouth that she feels is unmet by her current toothbrush that can't get between her teeth. This brush has slim-tip bristles, which reach deeper between teeth for a whole mouth clean. Africa/Eurasia. The momentum in this business is strong as well. As referenced in the press release, successful innovations have resulted in good market share increases in some of the largest subsidiaries in the region. In Russia, for example, our year-to-date toothpaste market share is up 120 basis points to 33.2%. In South Africa, it's up almost 4 full points to 50.6%. And in Turkey, it's up almost 2 full points, 28.7%. Our manual toothbrush market shares are doing well also. In Russia, our year-to-date share is up 160 basis points to 49.2%, and in Turkey, it's up 80 basis points to 28.9%. Similarly, in mouthwash, our 2 largest markets, Russia and South Africa, saw strong increases, 4 points and 3.8 points, respectively, while the whole division is up year to date almost 2 full points to 19.5%. We told you last quarter about the launch of Palmolive Gourmet Spa shower gel in Russia and Turkey. Results have been strong in both markets. In Turkey, our market share is up from 34% prelaunch to 37.9%. In the most recent period, the Palmolive Gourmet Spa shower gel adding incremental share and now at 7.3% of the market. This has helped solidify our market-leading position. We're expecting more innovation in the fourth quarter. As mentioned earlier, we introduced our new Colgate Maximum Protection plus Sugar Acid Neutralizer toothpaste in August at the Dental Congress in Turkey. Next month, we'll be shipping the product to the trade in Turkey with marketing support slated for December and into next year. In Russia, we're launching Colgate Altai herb toothpaste and mouthwash inspired by herbs, which are well-known natural ingredients in Russia believed to provide gum protection and which resonate well with the Russian consumer. And in South Africa, we will be launching Colgate Active Salt toothpaste. In this market, rinsing with salt is believed to provide antibacterial protection. And Hill's. We're delighted with the continued positive volume and organic sales at Hill's. Here in the U.S., both our relaunch of Science Diet, as well as the launch of Ideal Balance are performing well. In particular, our Treats and Wet segments are strong. The investment in store coverage we have made to support these launches is making a difference. For Science Diet, our focused, integrated marketing campaign is successfully delivering the message of natural ingredients. Ideal Balance has received strong support from the large pet retailers, and market share has been building. Early reads on trial and repeat rates are strong and on par with some of the other brands in the natural segment. The global rollout of our Prescription Diet Metabolic line has also done well. In Europe, our distribution is already above the target we had set for ourselves for the end of this year. We will continue to support this launch with activities to increase awareness among pet parents about the problem of obesity in dogs and cats, as well as trial programs and testimonials. More new Science Diet products are slated for this quarter and 2014. Science Diet perfect weight will feature break-through technology into the wellness category, with nutrition to help dogs and cats achieve a healthy weight and improve quality of life. Science Diet Oral Care provides clinically proven kibble technology to reduce plaque and tartar and helps clean a cat or dog's teeth with every bite. New variants under the Science Diet Life Care umbrella includes Science Diet Sensitive Stomach and Skin, Science Diet Grain Free Salmon and Science Diet Grain Free wet for both dogs and cats. Under the Life Style umbrella, Hill's has introduced Science Diet Small & Toy Breed Lamb Meal & Rice Recipe. Some new items in the Ideal Balance line include Ideal Balance Grain Free Cat. A good opportunity as this is the fastest-growing segment in naturals. And another is Ideal Balance Hairball for cats, an offering which will be unique in the natural segment. In the dog category, we're expanding our large and small breed portfolios with line extensions. These are just a few examples of the increased new product activity in the natural segment. So in summary, we're extremely pleased with our results for the third quarter, and we expect this good and increasing momentum to continue as we exit 2013. This good performance is largely result of the strategies which we have in place to succeed in, what we call, winning on the ground. These strategies have us refocusing on the basics of our core business and allow us to get better and better at the fundamentals. Around the Colgate world, all employees are well aligned with our strategies, and as many of you who have visited a Colgate subsidiary can testify, this results in a positive culture with a real can-do attitude. Our global restructuring program is on track. Our market shares and volume growth are healthy worldwide and providing good momentum. And we look forward to sharing our results for the remainder of the year. And now Andrea, I'd like to turn the call over for the Q&A, and I'll turn it back to you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Chris Ferrara with Wells Fargo.
Christopher Ferrara - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I wanted to -- volume, so -- I mean, sorry, price. And so volume was obviously good, but the other side is pricing, and I guess that was a little bit lighter than I would have expected, which is a little usual considering FX is sort of hitting a peak here on the drag. And I guess, when you think about Latin America decelerating, and I know Venezuela is a piece of that, and then the U.S., I think last quarter, you said -- I think you noted it was a little bit of an aberration. And Q2 got a little better but -- or sorry, Q3 got a little better but not much. Can you talk about how you're thinking about pricing specifically for Lat Am and for the U.S. going forward?
Ian M. Cook: Well, obviously, I think the first thing I would want to say is that we're pleased with our overall organic top line growth. We think it reflects the strategic initiatives that we've been deploying for the last 8 years, including the innovation stream that Bina has talked to, including the fact that we have 53% of our sales in those emerging markets. And obviously, as you imply, Chris, the expansion of gross margin is an important part of what allows us to invest behind the innovation we have, both in terms of media promotion, professional activities and of course, as I have said several times before, the retailer-led in-store shopper marketing promotions that build trial for our business. So at the end of the day, on a global basis, what we're looking to do is to maximize the organic rate of growth and continue to expand gross margin. So if you look at our third quarter, we were very pleased with the expansion of gross margin globally, a combination of price and of course, a combination of our terrific Funding the Growth savings, and that has allowed us to invest in traditional advertising and the broader commercial investment to grow the top line. Now our objective in Latin America is, over time, to offset the transaction impact of foreign exchange, and there's always a lead lag of that transaction impact. And as you say, the biggest drag on Latin America gross margin is Venezuela. We were really pleased with the volume-led top line growth we got in that part of the world. And frankly, from a U.S. point of view, we're very happy with the progress of our business. The second quarter, of course, was helped by the introduction of the -- the mouth rinse, but I think those of you that follow the Nielsen data will have seen, and it relates to the share growth that Bina mentioned, that our consumption, which is to say consumer purchases of Colgate products each month of the third quarter, has been higher than the rate of category growth and indeed, was accelerating towards the end of the quarter. And the gross margin expansion in the U.S. was extremely healthy, as you know. So in the U.S. case, any difference between the volume growth is entirely related to the timing of in-market activity. But I think, the way we manage our business globally gives us the ability to drive our innovation, step up the rate of organic growth and continue to build the gross margin. And that's the way we think about it.
Christopher Ferrara - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And just as a quick follow-up, I mean, is it fair to say that, relative to what you thought was going on a quarter ago or more, the best path to organic growth might come with less pricing and more volume? I mean, does that make sense? Is that kind of what you're saying?
Ian M. Cook: I think all these things are a balance, I guess, which is what I was trying to say in the remark. And as you weigh the innovation timing, the different geographies we have around the world, for this quarter, we believed that was the best balance to deliver what we think in today's world is a very strong level of organic growth as a global company, yes.
Operator: Our next question will come from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.
Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So Latin American margins have been compressing year-over-year over the last year here. Obviously, Venezuela has been a big piece of that, but can you help us parse through the underlying margin trends in Q3 x Venezuela? And as we look out to next year, are you anticipating that margins in Latin America will start to re-expand at rates similar to your long-term history? Or are there some reasons why this weakness would linger? And then also, on the other side, North American margins have expanded significantly recently. Can that continue going forward? And what's driving that?
Ian M. Cook: Yes. Well, as you think about this year, I think it's fair to say that Venezuela is the unequivocal driver of the margin pressure in Latin America. And we have consistently said that. And you will remember, at the beginning of the year, we said that notwithstanding Venezuela, we still expected to expand our gross margin by some 30 to 70 basis points on the year. And I think, based on the performance thus far, we feel very comforted if you take the 9 months gone, that we think we will be solidly in that gross margin range for the company for 2013. And of course, you can imagine that as we go forward into 2014, even though I said in the release that we have literally just started our budgeting process, but in the current more benign commodity environment that we have certainly seen this year and so far moving into next year, we're going to continue to expect and see progress on the gross margin line, both for the world and indeed, for Latin America, even including Venezuela.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go next to Ian Gordon with S&P Capital IQ.
Ian J. Gordon - S&P Capital IQ Equity Research: On Hill's, I think, last quarter, you did say that you expected to get Hill's back to mid-single-digit organic growth, so check there. And you did also comment that you had a plan to rebuild margins over time. I'm wondering if you can elaborate on that because while sales growth is good, I think profit growth is better.
Ian M. Cook: Well, thanks for the question, Ian. The -- we rank sales growth and profit growth equal number 1. Look, on the Hill's business, we're extremely pleased with the progress thus far. And I think when we first talked about seeing Hill's return to mid-single-digit organic growth, we talked about it on the back of some strong innovation, which would be well received and indeed, has been well received by the customers that we work with in this space. And we said there was going to be an investment in formulation to accomplish that. So yes, to your point, check. We have recovered the top line growth. We continue to get very strong support from those customers, indeed growing support, which is encouraging. And I think that perhaps that growing support traces to the trial and more importantly, the repeat levels that we are obtaining for that innovation, which is quite robust. And most importantly, as Bina outlined in her prepared remarks, the pace of innovation on the Hill's business is now not episodic but indeed planned for and will continue out in time. So the margin investment was a conscious one, but we have specifically said that we will rebuild the Hill's gross margin to the historic levels and are planning accordingly. And we will see that develop over the next several years, beginning in 2014.
Operator: Our next question will come from Caroline Levy with CLSA.
Caroline S. Levy - CLSA Limited, Research Division: A question on global toothpaste market shares. If you could just talk, I think the absence of any commentary on what they were in the third quarter versus a year ago suggests they probably were down, and I guess they were down. But what were the drivers of the declines? And within China, your share was up. Was your share of the Colgate brand up? Or was that all being driven by Darlie?
Ian M. Cook: The market share for global toothpaste was 45%. It was modestly down because of market share declines in a couple of key geographies. One was Mexico, although it's still over 80%. And the other one, which you see, I think, in the Nielsen data, is here in the U.S. where we have selectively, but not completely, responded to in-market promotional activity. And in China, we manage both of our businesses to different consumer segments. And I would say, from a recent market share point of view, the majority of the growth has been driven by the Darlie brand in China. And we're still thrilled to be approaching a 34 market share as a company.
Operator: We'll hear next from John Faucher with JPMorgan.
John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Wanted to go talk a little bit about the advertising and get an idea in terms of, are you seeing most of the increase in the absolute dollar spend in advertising, is that mostly new product-driven, core, et cetera? And then can you talk a little bit about some of the geographical mix impacts? Are the lower sales in Latin America because of the FX? I think that's generally a lower ad to sales market. Is that impacting the number? So just a little bit of an outlook and where you think, also, your share of voice is now versus competitors.
Ian M. Cook: Wow, that's a very broad question, John. Let me try and be as specific as I can. First of all, when we think about brand engagement with our consumers, frankly, we think about it holistically. And as I've said before, even though it may not be popular because there's still this feeling that if it goes to trade spending, it's bad advertising and if it comes below the line, as we were all brought up, it is somehow good advertising. The fact of the matter is with the techniques available to you today, you can foster some incredible engagement that is brand building and trial generating with our consumers at the retail level. So first of all, we do think about it holistically. And yes, our advertising has increased, but so has our total commercial investment. The second thing, then, is we build our advertising from the ground up, which is to say behind the brand building and innovation programs that we have scheduled for any planning period and the advertising ebbs and flows behind those initiatives and obviously, strives to be competitive, as you say, from a market share and a share of voice, not totally mechanistically because there are some principles in terms of how you spend your money with competitors. And we would say that our advertising, up 40 basis points for the company, is up where it needs to be up. It is very much growing in the emerging markets behind the rate of growth that we are seeing there but also in some of the key developed markets, depending on our business programs. And as you know, from an A to S point of view, it can be misleading because cost of media varies greatly from country to country. And that is why sometimes the absolute-to-sales ratio differs. But we're very pleased to be able to keep increasing our advertising to sales level in fairly solid ways, we believe. And we do believe, in terms of maintaining the base business and building trial on new innovation, we're spending the money smarter, faster and more efficiently.
Operator: We'll hear next from Bill Schmitz with Deutsche Bank.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Two quick ones. So CapEx was really elevated in the quarter. Is there some sort of big initiative going on? Or do you just move stuff between the third and fourth quarter? And then just on the advertising front, I think, you said that U.S. advertising was down like 130 basis points as a percentage of sales. Is that like a permanent shift that just you talked about between sort of promotional spending and advertising? Or was that just sort of a seasonal blip in the amount of new product activity going on?
Ian M. Cook: Let's answer the second one first because that is, I would say, more importantly, and the answer is, it is a seasonal blip, I assume that's a technical term, which is entirely related to the timing of activity. Obviously, we had very strong activity in North America in the second quarter, as we did last year. But this year, of course, it was behind the mouth rinse that we brought new to the marketplace. So this is not a permanent change in strategy. It is timing related. The CapEx, no, the CapEx is certainly not shifting between quarters, but it is a reflection, I think as we said at the beginning with our Global Growth and Efficiency Program, that we would see our traditional 3% to 4% CapEx move up into the 3.5% to 4.5%, probably at the higher end of that range in the near term, as we undertake some of our capital projects directly related to the Global Growth and Efficiency Program. So planned for, part of the program and as Bina said earlier, very much on track.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Bill Chappell with SunTrust.
William B. Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Just on the North America, I know you're not communicating that, but can you maybe give us an idea, would the volume still be up without the mouthwash business? And are we still kind of early innings there? Just trying to understand from a competitive landscape whether you're seeing kind of increased pressure. Unilever kind of cited that today, and the irrational activity that's tamping things down or whether you're not seeing that in your categories.
Ian M. Cook: Well, I think a few things to say and we have said these things before. First of all, the absolute category rate of growth is low single digits. That has not changed in the U.S. environment. Secondly, we have seen and we have said this before, some levels of short-term activity that we choose not to pursue on the mouth rinse. It is early innings. Actually, we're very pleased to be north of 7 in terms of market share, and we know on that business the trial and repeats are very good. So we have good ambition for the continued progress of that business going forward. And I think the most important point to make is to reiterate the fact that for the entirety of the third quarter, the consumption, Colgate's consumption, which is to say consumer purchases from retail, was ahead for the entire quarter of the market rate of growth and again, towards the end of the quarter actually accelerated as we exited the quarter. So when you look at a volume number that is shipment-to rather than purchases-of, the variance there, as I said earlier, is timing of marketplace activity at retail with retailers. The important number is the strength of the consumption number, which I know several of you have commented on in some of your Nielsen reports.
Operator: Our next question will come from Ali Dibadj with Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Actually, a couple of things. I wanted just to go back to the toothpaste share loss and just to get a better sense of why that is purely Mexico and U.S. It sounds like it's competitive. And it also sounds like you think it's going to be short term and go away. I'd like to ask also on that view, a better understanding of your double-digit EPS growth for 2014 as a company in dollar terms this time, not constant currency. And I just wanted to understand specifically, given the volatility in currencies, can you quantify the currency impact you're assuming in that? And are you including anything for Venezuela or Argentina devaluation, which some companies are kind of prudently including in their thought process going forward? Those 2 things would be helpful, please.
Ian M. Cook: Sure, sure. The -- let's take the second one first. As we said in -- or as I said in the quote in our earnings release, we have basically just begun our budgeting process for 2014. And I made the comment that we are targeting double-digit dollar increase in EPS at current spot rates. Now obviously, we're going to work through our budgeting process, but those are our goals for 2014. Clearly, what we see on the landscape is a slightly more benign commodity environment than we have seen historically. And obviously, which is the reason we did it proactively when we announced it in the fourth quarter of 2012, we have a Global Growth and Efficiency Program that is running over a 4-year period that we said when we announced it, would provide a little bit of cushion or protection against events in the world. And so we have that as we go into 2014 and the out years. And our current planning is that Venezuela will continue to be the -- in the position it is in today, which, as you will see in the Q, is about 4% of our global sales and about 3% of our operating profit. And we have not, and we did not previously, assumed a devaluation of Venezuela in any way because one doesn't know timing. One doesn't know level. What we can say and what we have said before on these calls is that you can rest assured that business is being managed appropriately. And I think we have always been prompt and timely and comprehensive in updating the market should an event occur in Venezuela. So that's the way we are thinking about 2014 as we begin our budgeting process in that regard. Now coming back to your first comment, we're actually pleased with our overall market share progress on toothpaste. I think Bina spoke about Mexico, about India, about China. Russia was in our remarks. Some terrific share progress; in some cases, very, very strong share progress, which we think portends for the long term. In Mexico, and I was just down in Latin America, in Brazil and Mexico, we saw some short-term elevated promotional activity, which we reacted in part but not completely to. And I feel confident that, that will turn around. And the same comment relative to the U.S., which you will see in the Nielsen data, and we believe innovation-led, that will turn around going forward as well. So we do not have any systemic concern about our share progress. We know exactly where the short-term issues are, and it really is how dramatically do you want to go after promotional activity that you don't judge to be appropriate, shall we say, in terms of building categories for the long term. So we're in this business for the long term, and we believe that toothpaste share will continue to grow, as is our mouthwash share, as is our toothbrush share, where we're beginning to take more and more market leadership positions, Mexico, in the U.S. in manual toothbrushes being of the 2 most recent. So we believe that we will recover that, and we believe that is consistent with our long-term strategy. Thanks for the question.
Operator: Next, we'll move to Mark Astrachan with Stifel.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Wanted to follow up on the input cost side. So I know it's early, but can you give us a sense sort of what you're budgeting for oil prices? And then just given views that it seems relatively benign here, any rethinking of longer-term gross margin expectations or at least achievement of that 60% number sooner rather than later?
Ian M. Cook: Well, we certainly -- you look at the gross margin we have this quarter and I think we feel pretty good about delivering that 60% near-term goal in the not too distant future. But actually, as you raised the question, why don't I take the opportunity, as we normally do, to give you a roll forward of the gross profit analysis for the third quarter. The gross profit in the prior year, 2012, was 58.6%. Pricing in this third quarter of 2013 added 40 basis points. Our Funding the Growth savings gave us 240 basis points, which was actually ahead of the third quarter pace last year. And you know well, Mark, that the Funding the Growth savings tend to build quarter by quarter over the year. We had a headwind of 220 basis points of material price. That was split between the commodity costs and transaction costs because of foreign exchange as we have said before. And then there were 20 basis points of ins and outs, which got us to the 59% or plus 40, which we're quite pleased with. And as I said earlier in the call, I think we would characterize the commodity environment as relatively benign, at least as we begin our planning process, which is a favorable. And our going in position, which was determined a little while ago, was to peg oil at $110 for 2014. Now that's Brent. Today, as you know, it's drifting around the $107, $108, but it's a brave man or woman that predicts the price of oil going forward. So we're quite happy with that projection going in.
Operator: Next, we'll go to John (sic) [Joe] Altobello with Oppenheimer.
Joseph Altobello - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of quick questions. I guess first, staying on 2014 for a second and the per share outlook for next year. You mentioned that you are seeing a little bit more benign commodity environment than you were expecting. Are you guys assuming that most of that drops to the bottom line next year? Or do you think that could lead to a bit of a heightened competitive environment? And I guess, what's baked into that double-digit outlook? And then maybe secondly, if I could follow on to that, a number of your CPG peers have talked about a slowdown in emerging markets, and obviously, you guys have not seen it or at least not seen it at a high level. Is that because you're in more growth advantaged categories, or is that more market share growth or a combination of the 2?
Ian M. Cook: Well, let's take the second point first because I'm not going to answer the first point. The -- when we think about our businesses, as you rightly say, Joe, we think about it in terms of the categories in which we do business. And as we have said for a long time, for a company that has 53% of its business in those higher-growth emerging markets, we continue to see category growth rates, our categories, in the mid to high single digits, sometimes a tad better than that but certainly, solidly, in the mid-to-high single digits. And we see the category growth in the developed world in the low single digits. And I would venture to say, although I wouldn't want to take this as irrational exuberance, that there are some indications from the European environment that maybe we are reaching the bottom here. But still, our general thinking is that the Europe and North America will be growing low single digits. Yes, we are growing market share, and that, on top of that mix of growth rates, we believe, puts us in the position to deliver the kind of growth this year that many, at the beginning of the year, did not feel was probable. And so we continue to look to drive next year based on our innovation plans category by category, and obviously, we'll be able to see -- to say more when we speak to you in the New Year once we have been through that process and closed out this year. Now in terms of that commodity environment, we have literally just begun our planning process. As we have said many times, our belief is that you build categories by building brands, which is a combination of building your base business and adding relevant innovation. We do not believe that the short-term pricing activity accomplishes that nor do we believe it is rational or sustainable. So I think the approach we have for 2014, which is the same as the approach we have for any year, is to build what we believe is a business-building program rich with innovation that will drive the top line of the company, and the bottom line as well, which is the start point for our budgeting process underway.
Operator: Next is Michael Steib with Crdit Suisse.
Michael Steib - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just a quick question. Just curious, does the separation of the Asia and Africa regions, is that purely a reporting change? Or does it have any implications for the strategy or the management of the portfolios within these markets?
Ian M. Cook: Well, to answer directly the second half of the question, the answer is no, it does not change the strategy one iota. Frankly, Michael, as you are probably aware, all companies go through a process with the SEC relative to their 10-K filing where comments are made and a dialogue between companies and the SEC is undertaken. And we ended up in a very constructive conversation about the growing importance of Africa and Eurasia in our world and concluded, in conjunction with the SEC, that it would be appropriate to separate those businesses purely from a reporting visibility point of view. And that is what we have done. So you can now see that Latin America, Asia and Africa/Eurasia are growing high single digits from an organic point of view.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alice Longley with Buckingham Research.
Alice Beebe Longley - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: I have a guidance-related question and then something on toothpaste. You guided to EPS a share up 4.5% to 5.5% or you repeated that from the past. If you use the midpoint of that, that implies a significant deceleration in the fourth quarter. So I'm wondering if you're actually more comfortable with the upper end of that guidance. And then the other question is about the sugar acid toothpaste. Is there any chance that gets launched in the U.S. in the reasonable near future?
Ian M. Cook: Well, I think, to answer your second question first, the answer is that the acid-neutralizing toothpaste we initially launched in Turkey at the IADR that was held in Turkey. As Bina said, we have -- we're just going to market now in Brazil. Frankly, given the prevalence of the disease condition, you will more likely see our global expansion go to the emerging markets first because that's where there is the greatest need and we believe, the greatest potential. So our planning would see us do that. And relative to the EPS, yes, we would be comfortable with the upper end of that range.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I actually wanted to ask about -- I also wanted to ask a question on the anti-cavity toothpaste. Could you talk a little bit about how you expect the product to kind of impact your growth? Is it going to be a matter of incremental share gain? Or is it a product you expect to accelerate category growth rates in that kind of lower end of the market where anti-cavity is priced?
Ian M. Cook: Yes, it's a very interesting question, Lauren, and I don't have a precast answer for it. The way we're approaching this is, I mean, it remains the world's biggest oral hygiene condition. And so our marketing approach here is a little bit different than a traditional innovation, which is to say we are working very diligently to engage both global and more especially, local health organizations and in countries, health ministries, to be able to inculcate good oral hygiene habit relative to cavity. Now in Brazil, for example, we are enrolling the support, and I won't mention how many because it's an impressive number, of community health people who are essentially government employees to help take this technology and the benefit it can provide to rural communities and schools to really make the superior benefit that this anti-cavity toothpaste can bring, 20% reduction shown clinically for the product, to try and boost oral hygiene. Now whether that will lead to category growth by increased consumption or I mean, one would hope so, but I don't have any empirical evidence to suggest it, but certainly the marketing approach we are using is seeking to do things a little bit differently than we have done. We will learn our way from the initial markets and hopefully, be even more progressively stronger in terms of how we engage local education groups and health ministries to really make a push on advancing the reduction of cavities as a global problem.
Operator: Our next question comes from Olivia Tong with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Olivia Tong - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I also wanted to follow up on the anti-cavity toothpaste. Given the positioning of that, would you expect that ultimately over time that could take over Big Red? And then, what kind of implications would that have on margin?
Ian M. Cook: Maybe, but I think that's going to be a long, slow, steady journey. And were it to happen, it would be accretive.
Operator: Our next question comes from Connie Maneaty with BMO Capital Markets.
Constance Marie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I was hoping that you would give us a little information on the projects you've undertaken in North America and Europe that have resulted in this year's operating margin expansion.
Ian M. Cook: Well, I think in the main, those that relate to overhead, we have been very public about whether it is facility rationalization in Europe, whether it is regard to some of the co-locations that we have undertaken in Europe and, even though it doesn't affect our performance this year, including the relocation of our facility in Morristown, New Jersey, to Carolina, which won't actually provide a benefit this year but will in the future. So those are the principal changes that have taken place from the overhead point of view. And then, of course, you have the very good growth that we have seen in the gross margin, which is a combination of our Funding the Growth programs. And they would be the 2. And when I talked about co-location, I guess the other way we have talked about co-location is the notion of hubbing, which is this idea of grouping operating units around sort of a mother core, which we have been doing for 15 years now, starting in Central America. And we know it strengthens, as Bina called it, our winning on the ground capability, while at the same time saving us money.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I was hoping to go back to something you touched on in your answer to Lauren's question on engaging Brazilian government employees to take the product around. Are you essentially getting a government endorsement on this? And then secondly, stepping back to another question on China, we're looking at the most recent China Nielsen data through July, August, and I know we're missing a month of the quarter there. But it does show a very rare share loss for your aggregate business, both H&H and Colgate, while P&G gets better and the category decelerates on lower price growth. So I was hoping you could talk about the dynamics of what's happening in China and what maybe drove those share losses.
Ian M. Cook: Wow. Well, to the second point, Jason, it can, and we have seen it in other markets, only be short-term promotional activity. So I don't want to be flippant, but we're very comfortable with both our short-term performance in China and the combination of promotion and more importantly, innovation-led growth that will continue in all parts of the world. You may recall that our principal competitors saw their share drop from the mid-20s to below 18%, which maybe is why one sees short-term promotion reaction. But I don't really have any additional comment to offer on that. Government endorsement, I think one has to be careful. We clearly have endorsement from local dental associations. We have support from global health authorities, and we have the support of a whole cadre of key opinion leaders from many different geographies around the world who have been taken through in great detail the clinical prowess of the product. In Brazil, we do indeed have an exclusive relationship with these government health workers to try and improve oral hygiene. We had done something similar in Granada. So it is support and endorsement to eradicate cavities, but that is different from kind of a seal of approval endorsement that you get from a dental association. But I think it attests to the kind of collaborative stance we're trying to take to work to seriously attack a disease condition, in fact, the most severe disease condition in oral hygiene.
Operator: With that, I'd like to turn the call back over to our presenters for any final and closing remarks.
Ian M. Cook: Oh, that's me. The -- so listen. It was great to have the opportunity to share what we believe continue to be very, very good top and bottom line worldwide progress. I thank you for your questions and interest in the company. And as we always like to say on these calls, we particularly thank, as Bina said, the Colgate people around the world, some of whom you meet, but these are the people that make all this happen, and we deeply appreciate it. So talk to you next year.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, once again, that does conclude today's call. Thank you for your participation, and have a great day.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-25 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Bina H. Thompson - Former Vice President of Investor Relations Ian M. Cook - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
Analysts: Joe Lachky - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Alice Beebe Longley - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Olivia Tong - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division William B. Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Ian J. Gordon - S&P Capital IQ Equity Research Caroline S. Levy - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Michael Steib - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Constance Marie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research, LLC Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference. Today's conference is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgate.com. Just as a reminder, there may be a slight delay before the question-and-answer session begins due to the web simulcast. At this time for opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to the Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Bina H. Thompson: Thank you, Sarah. Good morning, and welcome to our second quarter earnings release conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, Chairman, President and CEO; Dennis Hickey, CFO; Victoria Dolan, Corporate Controller; and Elaine Paik, Treasurer. This conference call will include forward-looking statements, and these statements are made on the basis of our views and assumptions as of this time and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual events or results may differ materially from these statements. So for information about certain factors that could cause such differences, investors should consult our most recent annual report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on our website, including the information set forth under the captions Risk Factors and Cautionary Statements on Forward-looking Statements. This conference call will also include a discussion of non-GAAP financial measures, which differ from our results prepared in accordance with GAAP. We'll discuss organic sales growth, excluding foreign exchange, acquisitions and divestitures. We will also discuss gross profit, gross profit margin, SG&A, operating profit, net income and earnings per share, excluding the impact of certain items described in the press release. And a full reconciliation with the corresponding GAAP measures is included in the press release and is posted in the For Investors section of our website at www.colgatepalmolivecom. We're delighted with our second quarter results, which continue the broad momentum we saw in the first quarter. Our simple financial strategy has again stood us in good stead. We increased our gross profit margin, while at the same time, reducing our overhead expenses. This allowed us to increase our advertising to drive the top line and still increase operating profit, both on a dollar basis and as a percent of sales and of particular note with our 70-basis-point increase in advertising as a percentage of net sales versus the year-ago period, the largest increase in 3 years. Our advertising ratio was up in every division and allowed us to support a very robust innovation program. As Ian mentioned in the press release, our new product pipeline is full, so that should bode well for the remainder of the year. And you'll hear about some exciting upcoming launches as I review the divisions. In addition to a healthy P&L, our balance sheet is solid and our cash generation strong. As Ian remarked, our Global Growth and Efficiency Program is proceeding smoothly, as well as our ongoing Funding the Growth program, and both these initiatives provide substantial savings opportunities so that we can continue to invest in the business. So let's turn to the divisions, starting with North America. We're very pleased with our continued strong results in this region. As referenced in the press release, we have good market share progress with increases across several categories. Of particular note was our launch in May of Colgate Total Advanced Pro-Shield mouthwash. As we told you last quarter, this has been introduced with a regimen concept and displayed with a companion toothpaste and toothbrush under the same brand name. Across the country, we had record regimen displays in-store. And in June, just 1 month after launch, we had over 5 share for Total mouthwash, with an overall mouthwash share of 8.4%. As you would expect, we had a very robust integrated marketing support plan, which included television, sampling, in-store activity, digital and PR campaigns. In addition, we implemented a strong professional plan with both large pumps and small patient samples in dentist offices. Our field consultants communicated the product benefits, such us 12-hour antibacterial protection even after eating and drinking, with clear, impactful sales materials. Our share of Colgate Total toothpaste also benefited from the strong display activity, increasing from 10.5% prelaunch to 11.5% post-launch. New product activities continue in this quarter. In the toothpaste category, we are launching Colgate MaxFresh Cool Scrub and Colgate Sensitive SmartFoam with Whitening. Colgate MaxFresh Cool Scrub builds on the strong franchise that the MaxFresh brand holds in the fresh breath segment. The freshening segment is large and appealing to young consumers, particularly in the 18- to 24-year range. This new variant has micro scrubbers for a freshness you can feel. During brushing, vigorous silica particles provide a micro scrubbing sensation as they gradually diminish. The packet sales calls out the benefit with a tagline, "Destroys bad breath bacteria from teeth and tongue." Our new sensitivity toothpaste built on the insight that consumers understand that formulas with foaming technology have the capacity to get to tough-to-reach spaces while brushing to help provide sensitivity relief with the additional benefits of whitening and fresh breath. Colgate Sensitive SmartFoam provides 30% more foam than our existing sensitivity toothpaste, along with a maximum strength anti-sensitivity ingredient. It's also formulated with high-performance cleaning silica to remove surface stains and help keep teeth whiter. Additionally, this is an exciting opportunity as both the premium price sensitive and whitening segments are growing faster than the toothpaste category overall. In toothbrushes, we're very excited about the launch of Colgate SlimSoft. This product was first launched in Asia and has garnered strong shares in several markets. In Hong Kong, for instance, it has a 15.6% year-to-date share, and in Thailand, almost 10%. The toothbrush has 17x slimmer tip bristles for a deep clean. The unique bristles provide a 6x deeper reach than end-rounded regular bristles. And the higher density bristles provide a unique feel, and the handle is flexible and ergonomic. As we told you in the press release, we recently achieved brand market leadership in manual toothbrushes, and this should help extend that leadership going forward. Turning then to Europe/South Pacific. We're pleased with our results in this region, given the very challenging macroeconomic environment. As you well know, GDP growth rates are low to negative and unemployment is high, particularly in countries such us Spain, Portugal and Greece. Consumer confidence is low, and consumers are looking for value. While category growth is slowing, our market shares across Europe are doing well, with increases in toothpaste, toothbrushes, mouthwash and fabric softener. Two of our acquired businesses, GABA and Sanex, are also doing very well. Both now are fully integrated, and we continue to gain learnings and innovation ideas from these 2 high-margin businesses. In toothpaste, we increased market share year-to-date in our 4 biggest countries: France, Germany, Italy and the U.K. And pleasingly, in the U.K., our share read for the last 2 periods was over 50% despite a highly competitive market. In manual toothbrushes, we increased share in all but the U.K., where, although the share is modestly down on a year-to-date basis, we reached a record share of 33.6% in the most recent period. We will continue to offer our consumers innovative products at all price points. We have some exciting innovation, providing added value at higher price points. Under the elmex brand, we are launching Colgate elmex Sensitive gentle whitening toothpaste, which provides effective protection and gentle care for sensitivity sufferers, with the additional whitening benefit. And a new fabric conditioner, Soupline Perfect Glide, should help continue the good momentum we have seen across the region in this business. To lessen the chore of ironing, Soupline Perfect Glide has a unique formula with a polymer which allows for easier ironing while delivering an explosion of fresh fragrance. Since I mentioned a moment ago, increasingly, the consumer is also looking for value. To that end, we're now relaunching our base Colgate toothpaste business across the region. The 6 variants, Colgate Cavity Protection, Colgate Triple Action, Colgate Anti-Tartar, Colgate Herbal Original White and Gums, will all have new modernized designs at affordable price points, an important initiative for a segment which still represents almost 30% of our business. Similarly, in Personal Care, we're launching Palmolive Essential Body Wash. This line will be smaller sizes at a lower price, providing the value-conscious consumer with the affordable luxury of appealing fragrances, along with the quality assurance of the Palmolive brand. Latin America. Latin America continues to deliver solid results with another quarter of strong organic sales growth. And as elsewhere, new product activity has been important driver of our business, and this is across all price points. In addition to the market share gains referenced in the press release, our market shares increased in underarm protection and bar soaps. In Brazil, our toothpaste market share is up 80 basis points on a year-to-date basis to 71.7%, the highest level in 15 years, with the most recent read at 71.9%. Both higher-priced products such as Colgate Luminous White and value-priced products in the Sorriso range have contributed to the share gain. In Mexico, our share is still well over 80% at 81.5% on a year-to-date basis, with the most recent read at 82%. And we're now a market leader in manual toothbrushes in every country across the region, including Mexico. Our share in Mexico was up 220 basis points year-to-date to 44.2%. In Brazil, we achieved a record 31.7% on a year-to-date basis, up 110 basis points. And we retrieved strong results, both in the premium segment in the modern trade, as well as in the indirect trade, where we have been driving distribution and visibility in a retail environment, which still represents 50% of the market. In mouthwash, our market share across the region is up 30 basis points on a year-to-date basis, and we're now less than 3 points from the market leader, whose share has steadily declined over the last 4 years. In Mexico, we reached a record 23.6%, almost -- up almost 2 full points on a year-to-date basis, with the most recent share at 24.7%. A new smaller 16-millimeter [ph] size has helped to drive per capita consumption and category penetration. We're continuing with our new product activity in the third quarter. As you know across the region, Colgate Luminous White toothpaste has met with great success. The whitening segment is the fastest-growing, and Colgate Luminous White is the #1 whitening brand in Latin America. This month, we've launched Colgate Luminous White Advanced in Mexico. This toothpaste was developed from the insight that many consumers believe only a professional whitening treatment can provide visible results. It intensifies the whiteness of teeth 3 shades whiter with a unique formula that contains the same ingredients that dentists use. At the same time in Brazil, we're relaunching Colgate Luminous White Enamel Shine, with whitening accelerators in a gel formula that also delivers a shinier smile. In the mouthwash category, we're launching a new Colgate Plax 2-in-1 in Brazil. This product delivers clean and fresh breath and actually shows you how it works. It contains a unique dual-liquid formula that is activated by shaking and mixing the 2 liquids. Its electrostatic action removes particles from your mouth, and its antibacterial action fights bacteria that cause plaque and bad breath. So when you rinse out, you see the product work with what's in the sink. In the Personal Care category, we're introducing Protex Men Power Shower Gel and Soap in September in Brazil. This builds on the Protex Men series launched last year, which is already the #1 variant in the rapidly growing men's body cleansing segment. Both bar soap and shower gel offered 10x more protection against odor-causing bacteria than ordinary soap, along with a high impact fragrance especially developed for the male consumer. Turning then to Greater Asia/Africa. Excellent momentum continues in this region. A strong increase in gross margin allowed us to increase advertising substantially behind new products, resulting in strong organic sales and market share increases. As referenced in the press release, our toothpaste share has increased in many markets. In India, our market share was up over 100 basis points to a record 54.2% on a year-to-date basis. We achieved gains both in the value and premium segments of the market. In China, our market share increased 90 basis points to 34.4% on a year-to-date basis. And in Russia, the launch of Colgate Optic White drove our share to 33.1% on a year-to-date basis, up 130 basis points, with the latest reading at 33.5%. We continue to grow our market-leading manual toothbrush share in India, up almost 3 points to 41.3%, with our latest read at 41.5%. Recent programs focused on increasing our distribution in the rural areas of this vast market have contributed to this success. So we'll continue to launch new products in the balance of the year to help us continue to deliver solid results. In the toothpaste category, we will be launching Colgate 360 Enamel, an incremental line extension to our Colgate 360 toothpaste range in China, which repairs and protects enamel through the reduction of erosion caused by bacteria. In the manual toothbrush category, we will be launching Colgate 360 interdental in select markets. This line extension provides consumers with 4x more deeper reach due to its floss-tipped bristles. And of course, as with other Colgate 360 toothbrushes, it features a wraparound tongue and cheek cleaner. In mouthwash, in Vietnam and China, we will be launching Plax Herbal Salt, which addresses local consumer desires for this key flavor profile while also delivering long-lasting fresh breath and reduce bacteria accumulation in the mouth. In both these markets, our mouthwash share is up strongly on a year-to-date basis, and this new product should help continue the trend. In shower gels, we're very excited about the launch of Palmolive Gourmet Spa in Russia and Turkey, where we saw increased market share on a year-to-date basis in both markets. This new range has tempting aromas and wonderfully soft textures, encouraging the consumer to immerse herself in the ultimate indulging escape. It comes in the following variants: Enticing Chocolate Veil enriched with dark chocolate and cocoa bean extract; Tender French Vanilla with sweet vanilla extract; and Delicious Strawberry Smoothy infused with strawberry juice. Lastly, Hill's. We're particularly encouraged with Hill's performance and the fact that we delivered volume growth 1 quarter ahead of schedule behind 3 important initiatives. Our new product activity across our brands has been very well received by the trade, the profession and the consumer. Our first initiative, Ideal Balance, which started shipping in May in the U.S., has done very well. The placement in the naturals aisles in the pet superstores has been ahead of plan and should be completed by the end of August. Year-over-year consumption is up at both PETCO and PetSmart, and we've been working very closely with both retailers to drive results. We've had a full marketing campaign, including TV and digital media, as well as a widespread consumer sampling program. In addition to the dry and wet dog and cat food, we added canine and feline treats in June to complete the line. And we're continuing our media investment in the third quarter, and we'll add more high-impact in-store displays in September. The second initiative has been the relaunch of our Science Diet line. At the end of the quarter, we added 3 new cat products and 2 new dog products: Adult Grain Free cat, Adult Indoor Long Coat cat, Senior Indoor Age Defying Cat, Adult Grain Free dog and Senior Small and Toy Breed Age Defying dog. We anticipate that these will be in full distribution by the end of August. In-store support has included nutrition consultants who'll explain the particular benefit of each diet to the shopper. Our third initiative is the launch of Prescription Diet Metabolic, both in the U.S. and overseas. This unique diet to help achieve weight loss in dogs and cats is doing well globally, exceeding all targets and budgets. The repeat rates have been excellent, and the launch is driving category growth in the U.S. and overseas. So we'll continue to focus on these very important new product initiatives in the third quarter, supported, of course, with the continuation of our comprehensive integrated marketing campaigns. So in summary, we're very pleased with the continued momentum in our business around the world. Our new product pipeline is as full as it's ever been, and that should help continue to drive sales and market shares in both developed and emerging markets. Our simple financial strategy and sharply focused initiatives are serving us well. In addition, our Global Growth and Efficiency Program is on track to provide even greater opportunities for investment. Colgate people around the world are working hard to deliver our results, and we look forward to sharing those results with you as we go through the balance of the year. So that's all I had for prepared remarks. Sarah, if we can open up the line to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll hear first from Joe Lachky of Wells Fargo Securities.
Joe Lachky - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just first off on your guidance, the EPS outlook that you mentioned in the press release. Just wanted to verify, that was solely due to foreign exchange in Venezuela. And then secondarily, along the guidance lines, just wanted to verify your outlook on organic growth. You mentioned 6% to 7%, Europe 5.5% year-to-date. I guess you got a little bit easier comps in the second half, but wanted to hear your outlook on that. And then also, if you could talk about your 30 to 70 basis points of gross margin improvement that you're expecting.
Ian M. Cook: Thanks for the one question, Joe. So to come to the points on guidance, you are absolutely correct. Indeed, we've already seen some notes where folk have picked that up. It is entirely due to Venezuela, which is unchanged from what we told you earlier in the year, and the additional 1% reduction in the range is due to the foreign exchange volatility and the strengthening of the dollar we saw in the last 4 to 6 weeks of the quarter and is predicated against the current spot rates. The growth part of your question I think merits a little bit of perspective. As you might suppose, we are pleased with the fact that as a company, we have this quarter between 53% and 54% of our worldwide sales in the higher-growth emerging markets. But we also believe that the decisions we took some 30 years ago to focus on the categories in which we do business continue to be a positive factor in the sense that we are marketing products that are everyday-use products for people brushing their teeth, cleaning their bodies, looking after their homes and indeed caring for their pets. So we think the category choice is durable. Now when you look around the world, as we have said on many previous calls, we continue to see the U.S. categories grow low single digits. We continue to see Europe grow extremely low single digits. Indeed some of the categories are flat and some are modestly negative, not new news and something that we have been factoring into our planning for some time. When you turn to the emerging markets, notwithstanding the macro news that we have been reading about, our data so far shows that those categories continue to maintain high single-digit growth rates, which is very pleasing. And of course, we are focused very, very closely on seeing whether any of that macro commentary turns into a category pressure for our businesses. But that being said, even with that, we are reaffirming our 6% to 7% organic growth rate for the year. As Bina said earlier, our new product pipeline already executed in the market and the ones that Bina mentioned for the balance of the year is extremely strong. Secondly, we are encouraged by our market share progress around the world, which obviously gives you incremental growth beyond the category growth. Third, our Hill's business, which we had expectation to turn positive in the second half of the year, has indeed done so with a faster start than we were expecting, and we get that benefit for the balance of the year. And finally, as many of you have already noted, our comparisons in the second half from an organic top line point of view are somewhat easier than they were in the first half of the year. And then finally, on gross profit, let me take this opportunity to run through the second quarter, the gross profit roll-forward. So if you start with 57.9%, which was the second quarter gross profit in the prior year, pricing gave us 40 basis points Funding the Growth, following our usual pattern where second quarter Funding the Growth steps up from the first, was 210 basis points, actually better than what we delivered in 2012. Material prices were a headwind of 180 basis points, and the combination of that and the pricing gives us the 70-basis-point growth that we saw in the second quarter. And yes, we are very much staying with our gross profit guidance of 30 to 70 basis points and, of course, extremely pleased with the year-to-date progress at the higher end of that range. And there's one other thing I should add relative to the gross margin and also relative to the earnings guidance, because of the currency volatility, and that is our plans for the balance of the year, of course, have us offsetting the transaction impact of foreign exchange in order to continue that gross margin progress. That's the end of the answer.
Operator: And moving on, we'll take a question from Bill Schmitz of Deutsche Bank.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: It was a monster operating margin quarter in North America. So can you just kind of dig a little deeper on what drove that and maybe sort how sustainable that almost 30% operating margin is in the home market?
Ian M. Cook: Well, we were indeed very, very pleased with -- I assume monster means good?
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes.
Ian M. Cook: Yes, we were very pleased with the progress in the U.S. Obviously, it traces back, as you will already have seen, to the gross margin, which expanded extremely healthily. And as we said in the release, that gross margin obviously used to fund advertising investment and indeed fund a little bit of stepped-up debt for promotional activity, which most of you have seen as we came towards the end of the quarter, which comes nicely back to the top line, and then good control of non-variables in the geography. So certainly, our expectation in our U.S. business is to sustain the growth in our gross margin, whether it will be as strong as the first half of the year, which indeed was extraordinarily strong, we will have to see. But our plans in a relatively benign commodity cost environment with our traditional strong Funding the Growth program, as we look forward, sees us with continued strong gross margin progress.
Operator: And moving on, we'll hear from John Faucher of JPMorgan.
John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Obviously, you guys are holding in better than generally what we're seeing coming out of consumers in Brazil, where it looks as though we're getting sort of a stagflation type of environment there. So can you talk specifically about whether it's stuff you're doing? Is it categories where we're your categories just more resilient relative to maybe what we're seeing in the food and beverage side? And can you talk about sort of the ability -- you talked about transactional pricing to cover transactional FX. Can you talk about the ability to get further pricing through in that market?
Ian M. Cook: Yes, John. Well, I guess, the headlines would be and indeed that was the point I was trying to make in talking about the categories in response to the first question. We do think there is a difference between an everyday health and wellness, and indeed in Brazil, pet nutrition business to perhaps more discretionary types of categories. As we even saw during the sub-prime, you will remember we talked about it that people stayed with behavior in Brazil, and we use Brazil as an example. And they did not trade down. They stayed, if they were buying one of our premium offerings, as indeed they are buying Optic White today, they stayed with those premium offerings because they saw value in the benefit they were given, number one. Number two, without being too self-effacing, we believe that the combination of the innovation and the marketing programs that we have in the emerging geographies, Brazil being a very good example, outsizing, outpricing the way we distribute, the visibility we focus on at retail when we distribute, the timing of our promotions, all things that sound extremely fundamental and extremely basic, and they are. But we believe doing them well makes a difference in terms of continuing to reach all of your consumers in the different areas of the country at the different price points that they buy and making sure that you keep that consumer connected to you. And finally, indeed, as we speak, in many markets, we have and continue to move with pricing to the degree necessary to offset the transaction impact.
Operator: And up next, we'll take a question from Alice Longley with Buckingham Research.
Alice Beebe Longley - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: I had some more questions about Latin America. I think you had said in the first quarter that if you were to take Venezuela out, your Latin American operating margins were up. Is that true of the second quarter as well? And then as a follow-up to your comments about Brazil, can you give us any sense of how much your volume was up there alone and how much pricing you're taking in Brazil?
Ian M. Cook: Alice, in response to your comment, the answer to the first question is the same answer as it was in the first quarter. So absolutely, yes. And the answer to the second question is no.
Operator: And our next question will come from Ali Dibadj of Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Just want to ask a quick follow-up question and then get to the real question on Hill's. You mentioned a few questions ago that you're offsetting the transactional impact of currencies by taking pricing. But if 4.5% to 5.5% all-in EPS growth is still double-digit constant currency desk [ph] growth, it would seem the top line impact of currencies is less than the bottom line impact of currencies. So I would love some clarification on kind of that answer you gave a while ago. But the real question though for me is around Hill's, which, to your point, has clearly started growing the top line again. But margins were down a couple of hundred basis points for the first half of the year. And of course, that's some launch investments, that's the clearly higher ingredient costs as you're going more natural. But just trying to get a sense from you about what you think the run rate Hill's margin should be going forward, and what's the kind of concomitant [ph] in top line growth you would expect with that margin.
Ian M. Cook: Yes, well, Ali, your -- and we've, I think, at least around the edges, had this discussion before. The impact on the top line of the foreign exchange is about 3%, 3.5%, and the impact on the bottom line is about 1 percentage point more than that, for reasons of geographic mix and dollars denominated, corporate overhead and factors like that. So there is a difference, and that's the case there. Hill's, again, I repeat, we are extremely pleased. We think we have the right innovation to build the true naturals entry that we have with Ideal Balance, to stabilize and rebuild our everyday wellness product in Science Diet and to continue to advance with clinically proven therapeutic efficacy, our prescription product, Prescription Diet. As we have said a couple of times, but certainly in the first quarter, moving to Ideal Balance and relaunching the Science Diet product was a choiceful investment in formulation to be successful and competitive and regrow the business, and that is job #1. I think we have said that our expectation on the Hill's business is to bring that business back to mid-single digits organic growth pace. And without getting into the specifics, you can rest assured that there is a very well-thought-through plan embedded in our strategic planning to rebuild the Hill's gross margin over a period of time.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Olivia Tong of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Olivia Tong - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just on margins and more specifically Latin America and Europe. You guys said that Funding the Growth in the press release was benefiting both regions and other regions as well. But I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more in detail about how big that might have been relative to other regions? Because I was kind of surprised that you didn't see more of a hit in Lat Am, given the FX, and that European margins were up, given the negative pricing. And then just following up on European pricing, given your plans behind like base Colgate and smaller sizes of Palmolive Essentials, do you expect pricing to remain negative in Europe in the back half of the year?
Ian M. Cook: Our Funding the Growth has been effective in most geographies. Remember, the drag in Latin America, as we said in the release, is really Venezuela. When you look at Europe, the benefit there is indeed commodities and our Funding the Growth program. And I think we made the point in Europe, we also saw nice progress on the overhead reduction plan that we have. So that would answer the question on Europe. What was the last?
Olivia Tong - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: It was European pricing, what you're expecting for the second half?
Ian M. Cook: Europe is a very tough environment. And I think it would be fair to say that in that environment, the expectation built into our plan continues to show modestly negative pricing in Europe. I would say that the innovation spread that we have across all price points, which is to say our premium innovation and the value innovation that Bina mentioned, is not in any way gross margin dilutive.
Operator: And moving on, we'll hear from Bill Chappell of SunTrust.
William B. Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Just a follow-up -- a question on Hill's. Maybe I don't fully understand why it improved kind of a quarter ahead of expectations. Because you outlined a lot of initiatives, which really didn't kick in until mid or even end of the quarter. So was it category is rebounding or were there other things that are really driving it?
Ian M. Cook: Yes, Bill, it really is that -- obviously, given the time we have waited for this, we wanted to be thoughtful about stating when we would see the turn. The preliminary plans we had showed activity leading to a result in the third quarter. The fact of the matter is, working very closely with those 2 major retailers, PETCO and PetSmart, the execution was accomplished slightly faster than planned and with good effect, as you see. And then as Bina mentioned also, we have now followed that up with a lot of innovation to follow the base innovation towards the end of the second quarter and into the third quarter to keep that momentum going, with continued support from those retail partners. So it really is that simple. The execution was just accomplished a little bit quicker than we had originally forecast.
Operator: We'll hear next from Ian Gordon of S&P Capital IQ.
Ian J. Gordon - S&P Capital IQ Equity Research: I just wanted to understand the interplay between the volumes and the pricing in North America a little better. I think it's first quarter and 1.5 years with price was down, but obviously the volumes were great. So how much of this is consumers responding better to some of the increased promotional activity versus say investments in trial building that are bearing fruit versus mix or something else? And then what is electrostatic action in toothpaste? That sounds interesting.
Ian M. Cook: Okay, well first of all, a great, great name, so I'll take a long time answering this question, Ian. The answer in North America is exactly as you suppose, which is that it is trial building behind innovation that we have. Remember, in the U.S., couponing is also included in pricing, and that is a very important vehicle in conjunction with retailers to build trial. And I mentioned, given some of the marketplace activity we were facing, we indeed stepped up our promotional activity selectively and we like, as you say the balance we got for that price versus the growth. And of course, we still saw a terrific expansion in gross margin. And we've been saying for quite a long time on these calls, that when you think about engaging the consumer, particularly in the developed markets, you can have very strong brand-building, programs that would be reflected in price and run in retail environments. And whilst you've also seen our traditional advertising and promotion increase, it is a great way working with the retailers to build trial for innovation. And you can expect to see that continue out in time. And electrostatic action is good for you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Caroline Levy of CLSA.
Caroline S. Levy - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Just wondering if you continue to see such good top line momentum, particularly the volume mix, whether you would look to reinvest any profit upside in the fourth quarter behind any big ideas that you're working on or even in the third quarter?
Ian M. Cook: Yes, Caroline, we'll let you know in October and January. But clearly, I think the stance we have taken, exactly as Bina said, is to try and execute our financial strategy to the benefit of the business, which is continue to see our gross margin expand, continue to manage our overheads very tightly. And of course, as the Global Growth and Efficiency Program works its way forward, we will see increased to benefit from that so that we can do precisely that, which is to take up our advertising expenditure behind building brands and our overall commercial expenditure behind the same objective.
Operator: And we'll move to a question from Michael Steib of Credit Suisse.
Michael Steib - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Can you give us the actual growth rates for some of the bigger emerging markets, China, India, Brazil and so forth?
Ian M. Cook: No. I wouldn't get into that level of detail. I will say -- you could say for those markets that you just raised, they were all double-digit organic growth rates.
Operator: Moving on, we'll hear from Connie Maneaty of BMO Capital.
Constance Marie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I have a question on Hill's. Could you comment on the early market share read you have for the combination of Science Diet and Ideal Balance and is Science Diet, in particular, gaining share?
Ian M. Cook: The Science Diet is basically flat on market share at this stage. Ideal Balance is building share. The really important data, Connie, is going to be in the fourth quarter when we start the get the trial and repeat for both of those products, and that will shape our investment stance going forward. It really is a little bit early given the nature of those businesses to see anything dramatic. So far, the trends are good. Key for me is going to be trial and repeat, and we won't have that until the fourth quarter.
Operator: And from Barclays, we'll take our next question from Lauren Lieberman.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So 2 things, because everyone was asking more than one question. First was just -- I thought you guys were relaunching Total in some countries in Latin America this quarter and just -- it wasn't mentioned, so I just wanted to know if that happened and impact it may or may not have. And the second the thing was just on pricing. I know, particularly in North America, you commented on choice to increase promotional activity. But overall, with your focus on pricing analytics, pricing has been a pretty big contributor to the top line last year. Europe, you've done a really great job to getting it to be less negative, and then it kind of dipped down 3% again this quarter. So maybe tough to look from such a big picture standpoint, not into each market. But from here, is pricing a bit less of a benefit? Has kind of price analytics work you've done maxed out its potential in terms of incremental contribution to top line? Or this quarter a little bit more of a one-off?
Ian M. Cook: I would say -- first of all, let me answer the sort of factual easy question, Total relaunch. We have a new Total variant called Total Gum Health, which is what is moving around the world, and initial market response has been pretty good. But that is still in the process of rolling out. And to be candid, we simply just didn't mention it, not for any negative reason. It's still moving, I guess, is the point. And no, absolutely not from the pricing analysis point of view. We do think this quarter was a one-off, particularly in the U.S., given the innovation flow that we had and the trial that we were seeking to build behind the mouthwash, that we really just launched slap bang in the middle of the second quarter. We are using it very assiduously. We're obviously using to help us guide how we take the pricing in the emerging markets to offset the transaction impact on cost. So no, it has neither less focus nor less utilization, and it will continue to guide our pricing actions for the balance of this year and, of course, into 2014 and beyond.
Operator: And our next question comes from Javier Escalante of Consumer Edge Research.
Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: My question is also on pricing but it has to do with Europe. It's a little bit on a follow-up on Lauren's, and it has to do with -- pricing has been negative actually for a long time. And if you can comment on, number one, whether it's a specific part of the portfolio? I suspect that it maybe the household product part of the portfolio. And if so, will you consider after a couple of years of negative pricing of making some divestitures in that part of the portfolio?
Ian M. Cook: Javier, let me -- first of all, let me answer the end of the question, which is divestitures. The answer is no. We think that Europe, particularly now over the last several years, has been a very difficult environment with the consumer and indeed with customers who are looking for store traffic. So in the end, from a European point of view, our planning assumes limited growth in that geography for the foreseeable future. And you may remember that when we announced the Global Growth and Efficiency Program and indeed with the plans that you have already seen implemented, there is a very strong bias to getting our structural costs in the right shape in order to get what growth is reasonably available in Europe and deliver a reasonable bottom line. So what you're going to see, you saw the gross margin this quarter benefit, and the focus will be on equally reducing our overheads. The other point to make in Europe, and again we have said this before, not just for us but for many, there is a bias to activity at the retail level, which gets captured in commercial spend, not in the traditional A&P. So you are seeing that, too. And we believe that at some stage, Europe will come back. But as we have said many times, it is not in our immediate planning horizon, so we're focusing on growth that is reasonable, delivered by commercial spend in totality while building gross margin and lowering overhead. And that's going to continue to be our focus in Europe with all of the categories that we compete in today.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Next, we'll hear from Mark Astrachan of Stifel.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Ian, you described the inputted cost environment as benign. And I guess, that sort of bears out in the continued expectation for 30 to 70 bps of gross margin expansion. I guess, I'm just curious, given the current level of oil, does that at some point flow through maybe not this year but next year? And then maybe just comment a bit on broader sort of input cost bucket puts and takes. And if you could just remind what the oil expectations were for the original budget in '13, that would be helpful.
Ian M. Cook: Yes, to answer the second question first, and it hasn't changed, we had 110 in our original budget, so not a factor this year. And given the performance of oil in the world, I think we should defer any discussion about 2014 until we're a little bit closer. Yes, the cost environment is benign as many have seen. I will make one observation, and that is you will remember 3 years ago and before, it used to be the case that when foreign exchange strengthened, commodities went the other way. We're not seeing that. We haven't seen that for a couple of years. So while benign, still elevated and no big correction down in a strengthening foreign exchange environment. So again, we focus on all of the things, the pricing, the mix, the funding, the growth and to the extent that global growth and efficiency will benefit our gross margin to offset and continue to build that gross margin.
Operator: And with that, we have no further questions from our telephone audience.
Ian M. Cook: Well, terrific. Thanks for being on the call. And as Bina said earlier, a particular big thank you to all of the Colgate folk who get this done. And we look forward to talking with everybody at the end of our third quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference. We do thank you all for joining us.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-25 09:15:00) =====
Executives: Bina H. Thompson - Former Vice President of Investor Relations Ian M. Cook - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
Analysts: Alice Beebe Longley - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley, Research Division John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research, LLC Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Joe Lachky - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Jason M. Gere - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division William B. Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Joseph Altobello - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Ian J. Gordon - S&P Equity Research William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Michael Steib - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Linda Bolton-Weiser - B. Riley Caris, Research Division Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division Constance Marie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Jon Andersen - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgate.com. Just a reminder, there may be a slight delay before the question-and-answer session begins due to the web simulcast. At this time, for opening remarks and introduction, I'd like to turn the call over to Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson. Please go ahead.
Bina H. Thompson: Thank you, Melissa. Good morning, everybody, and welcome to our First Quarter 2013 Earnings Release Conference Call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, Chairman, President and CEO; Dennis Hickey, CFO; Victoria Dolan, Corporate Controller; and Elaine Paik, Treasurer. This conference call will include forward-looking statements, and these statements are made on the basis of our views and assumptions as of this time and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual events or results may differ materially from these statements. So for information about certain factors that could cause such differences, investors should consult our most recent annual report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on our website, including the information set forth under the captions Risk Factors and Cautionary Statements on Forward-looking Statements. This conference call will also include a discussion of non-GAAP financial measures, which differ from our results prepared in accordance with GAAP. We will discuss organic sales growth, excluding foreign exchange, acquisitions and divestitures. We will also discuss gross profit, gross profit margin, SG&A, operating profit, net income and earnings per share, excluding the impact of certain items described in the press release. And a full reconciliation with the corresponding GAAP measures is included in the press release and is posted in the For Investors section of our website at www.colgatepalmolivecom. We're very pleased with the way the year has started out, continuing the momentum with which we finished 2012. Our organic sales growth was robust, up 6%, and even more satisfying considering the strong organic sales growth of 6.5% in the year-ago quarter. Our worldwide market shares are up across all oral care categories. An improvement in gross margin has allowed us to support new and existing products with increased advertising while still delivering a healthy bottom line. Macroeconomic challenges continue to present themselves, particularly in the more developed parts of the world and, of course, more recently in Venezuela. But despite that, our business is strong both from a P&L and a balance sheet standpoint, with excellent cash generation. Our global growth and efficiency program is on track. Just this quarter, we announced several initiatives. First in Europe, we are creating an oral care center of excellence by moving our consumer innovation center, our category management group and our consumer insights group all to Basel, Switzerland, where they will be combined with our professional affairs and technology group already based there. As you know, Basel has been the headquarters for our GABA business, so this newly formed organization will be able to benefit from GABA' s long-standing expertise in the areas of professional affairs and technology. Also announced this quarter is further progress in the area of Colgate business services. Applying our learnings from our existing center in Warsaw, we will be establishing a global center in Mumbai and a regional center in Mexico City, and we will be migrating additional financial functions to all 3 locations. As you know, another element of our Global Growth and Efficiency Program is to expand our commercial hubs. Just this quarter, we announced our intention to hub Romania with Poland, Czech Republic, Slovakia, Hungary and the Baltic countries to create the Central Europe East hub. The hub center will remain in Warsaw, Poland. And this hub-ing will allow us to be more efficient, drive smarter and faster decision-making, strengthen capabilities on the ground while improving our cost structure. And of course, as we generate savings from these projects, we can provide funds for reinvestments to sustain our growth opportunities around the world and especially in the fast-growth emerging markets. So let's turn to North America. We're very pleased with the strong results in North America. The strong organic sales growth of 5.5% was a good balance of 3.5% volume growth and 2% pricing because, as you know, pricing excellence is a key focus for us around the world. We told you about a number of new product launches last quarter, which has contributed to the strong results and which helps drive our oral care shares referenced in the press release. Our shares are also up in body wash and in fabric conditioners. And as you know, in the U.S., we only sell fabric conditioner in Hispanic markets, where it has now reached a national share of 16.3% on a year-to-date basis, up almost 1.5 points from the year-ago period. We're very excited about a significant launch in this quarter of Colgate Total Mouthwash, our second entry in the U.S. in the mouthwash category after Colgate Optic White Mouthwash. This is a very exciting opportunity to offer a complete regimen solution under the Colgate Total brand. The new mouthwash offers a number of benefits: 12 hour protection even after eating and drinking, kill 99% of germs, fights formation of plaque and gingivitis and has no burn of alcohol. Trade reception has been very encouraging, and the product will be supported by a very robust integrated marketing campaign with both in and out-of-store activities. Our off-shelf displays are at record levels. And along with Colgate Total toothpaste and toothbrushes, the complete regimen is being backed by a compelling new claim: improve your mouth health in just 2 weeks. You may already be aware that we've engaged Kelly Ripa to be our new spokesperson for the Colgate Total brand. Kelly has extremely high appeal among consumers, and our ad with Kelly as the face of Colgate, which aired in February, tested extremely well. She will be an integral part of our launch for Colgate Total Mouthwash as well. In other categories, we will be launching spring and summer seasonal hand soaps under the Softsoap brand in both foam and liquids. Consumers enjoy decorating their homes with these fun designs, which provide everyday specialness and variety. New product activity will, of course, continue as we go through the year. Turning then to Latin America -- I'm sorry, turning then to Europe and South Pacific. We're also pleased with the modest growth in this region, given the extremely challenging macroeconomic conditions across Europe. Countries such as Greece, Spain and Portugal are experiencing negative GDP growth and high unemployment. But we do see a few bright spots, Germany and the U.K., for example, where GDP is growing. Given this environment, it is critical that we provide the consumer with value-added products that meets their needs, and this has indeed been happening. A number of new products were referenced in the press release across categories, which contributed to our good results in the first quarter. Our regional market shares are solid. Our leading toothpaste share of over 33% and manual toothbrush share of over 22%, both on a year-to-date basis, are even with the year-ago period. Market shares in battery toothbrushes and mouthwash are up year-over-year. Market shares are also up in underarm protection and in fabric softener, where we reached a record 26.4% on a year-to-date basis. More new products will be launched in the second quarter. In toothpaste, we'll be launching a number of new products across our sub-brands. In the whitening category, we are launching Colgate Max White One Luminous, a toothpaste with Smart Foam which whitens teeth all around. Under the Max Fresh brand, we are launching Colgate Max Fresh Maxi Clean, which penetrates between teeth for an intense brush of clean. We told you in the fourth quarter about our first-ever launch in the rechargeable electric toothbrush market. Colgate ProClinical was introduced in the U.K. in September of last year. This quarter, we launched in the Nordic countries and in Germany under the elmex brand, and we're quite encouraged by our results so far, with good support from both the trade and the professionals. GABA continues to perform well, especially in Italy, where sales of GABA products are up double digits year-over-year. To help continue our strong results, we're launching 2 new products under the elmex brand: elmex sensitive professional mouth rinse with effective and lasting relief for tooth sensitivity; and elmex erosion toothbrush, which provides superior clean while still being gentle on tooth enamel. In personal care, we are launching new body wash products under both the Palmolive and the Sanex brand: Palmolive Mediterranean Moments, which nourishes your skin and delights your senses; and Sanex [indiscernible], which helps restore the skin's natural moisturizing level. As you know, home care is an important business for us in Europe, and we will introduce new products in this category as well. One interesting one leverages the consumer preference for natural and traditional ingredients. Ajax authentic cleaners with freshness of Aleppo soap and sweet almond oil. So a lot of activities support this business. Now let's turn to Latin America. We're particularly pleased with the strong organic sales growth in Latin America, given the challenges we happen to face in Venezuela. Market shares are strong across the regions. In addition to increases in manual toothbrushes and mouthwash, our shares are up year-over-year in both underarm protection and bar soap. In bar soap, we are at a record year-to-date share of over 32%, up almost 1.5 points year-over-year. And we are now the market leader in 9 countries in the region. Both our Palmolive and Protex brands have contributed to this strong result. In the first quarter, we did a relaunch of Colgate Total in Brazil and Mexico and will roll this out to other countries in the region in the balance of the year. Part of this includes a compelling new marketing campaign based on the fact that Colgate Total 12 continuously protects you from bacteria for up to 12 hours. And we'll have more innovation in oral care in the third quarter. In the second quarter, we have some exciting activity across personal and home care. In Mexico, we just introduced 2 new underarm bundles. The first is for men: Mennen Speed Stick Neutro Power, which provides protection that doesn't interfere with a man's fragrance. And for women, we launched Lady Speed Stick Pro 5-in-1, which offers 5 benefits for complete protection: dry, fresh, soft, no irritation and no white residue. Our share of the Mexican underarm market is approaching 20% and increased 120 basis points on a year-to-date basis. In Brazil, we are launching Palmolive Naturals body-cleansing Luminous sensation soap, with hydrating Argan oil and oil complex to help soften skin. Our bar soap share in Brazil increased 110 basis points on a year-to-date basis, which put us behind the market leader by less than a point. This new product should help further boost our market share. Also in Mexico, we launched Axion oat with vitamin E dish-washing liquid, which combines the proven performance of Axion with the natural ingredients oat with vitamin E. Our market-leading share in the dish category is almost 50%, up 290 basis points year-to-date. Turning then to Greater Asia/Africa. This part of the world continues to exhibit strong top line momentum, with organic sales growth of 10%, the fifth consecutive quarter of double-digit organic sales growth. Macroeconomic environment across the region is for the most part quite buoyant, and our categories are growing mid to high single digits. Market shares are strong around the region. In addition to the countries referenced in the press release, our toothpaste shares are up in Russia, South Africa and Turkey. In fact, in Turkey, with a year-to-date share of over 30%, we have now taken marker leadership for the first time. Shares are strong in toothbrushes as well. In India, our market share of almost 41% is up 320 basis points year-over-year, further widening our gap with the nearest competitor. In Russia, our year-to-date toothbrush share is now over 50%, up 160 basis points as a result of successful new product launches. And in Turkey, our year-to-date toothbrush share is up 130 basis points to 29.3%. Our mouthwash business continues to grow nicely as well. In Russia, our market share is up strongly to almost 26%, driven by the launch of both Colgate Plax Tea and Colgate Optic White. In China, our mouthwash share is over 33%, up 250 basis points year-over-year, again, driven by successful new product activity. And we'll continue our new product activity in the second quarter. Colgate Total Pro Gum Health toothpaste, introduced into the Indian market in the first quarter where our market share is up 110 basis points, over 53%, will be launched in China. Colgate Optic White toothpaste, which has driven share in Thailand, is now being launched in India and Vietnam. And in the toothbrush category, we will continue the rollout of Colgate Slim Soft Charcoal toothbrush across Asia. The tapered toothbrush segment is the fastest-growing segment in that category. Charcoal resonates very well with Asian consumer and is widely used in consumer goods throughout the region for its renowned antibacterial property. So turning to Hill's. As expected, Hill's organic sales growth in the quarter was very modest. And as we told you on our last conference call, our expectation is that this business should return to volume growth in the second half of the year. Our confidence is buoyed by the excellent early performance of 3 initiatives here in the U.S.: a complete relaunch of our Science Diet line, the launch of our naturals product and the introduction of Hill's Prescription Diet Metabolic. Sales of our new Science Diet are tracking well and acceptance and shelving by the 2 largest U.S. pet retailers are excellent. We supported this relaunch with media starting at the end of February on national TV, and that media support is continuing in the second quarter, supplemented with digital media. In addition, we will be implementing a sampling program, along with a Vets Know Best tour, capitalizing on our strong veterinary endorsements. And as a result, we have seen an increase in consumption at both PetSmart and PETCO in recent weeks versus year ago. The new Ideal Balance is performing well and we've achieved 100% distribution of all items in the superstores. The transition to natural shelf is taking place and should be completed by the end of this quarter. As you would expect, this also is being supported by a fully integrated marketing campaign through TV, digital media and high-impact displays in the store. Hill's Prescription Diet Metabolic is meeting with success as well, both here in the U.S. and in Canada. And in addition, we launched it as Metabolics in Japan, where it exceeded budget [indiscernible]. This complete line of great-tasting dry food, wet food and treats ensures safe, easy and healthy weight loss without making the pet parent feel like they are depriving their pets. Weight problems in dogs and cats are common here and overseas. Social media has been playing a clear role in driving awareness of the product, as well as brand recommendations. Many veterinary clinics have been advertising it on their websites and Facebook pages with photographs of before-and-after examples. So these launches do bode well for continued strength in the business, particularly as they roll out in other markets. So in summary, we are pleased with how we have started off the year. Our organic sales continue to be strong, and our market shares are healthy around the world. Our clearly enunciated strategies are being well executed by Colgate people around the world. And in addition, our Global Growth and Efficiency Program is on track. So while we are mindful of difficult economies in some countries, we think we have the right plans in place, coupled with the strict financial discipline to continue to deliver solid results as we go through the year. So Melissa, that's the end of my prepared remarks, and I'd like to open it up now to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Alice Longley from Buckingham Research.
Alice Beebe Longley - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: My question is about the impact of the devaluation of the Bolivar on Latin American margins and then, overall, on your bottom line. If you could just tell us how many cents you took off the bottom line aside from the onetime charges, we know what those are, but the effect on the bottom line aside from that in terms of cents and then also margins in Latin America.
Ian M. Cook: Well, thanks for the question, Alice. I think we framed early on the impact of the devaluation. As you say, there is the onetime charge from the remeasurement of the balance sheet, and then we have said that the ongoing quarterly impact of the devaluation on the impact on EPS would be between $0.05 and $0.07 a quarter. And that has been the impact in the first quarter. Now when we focus on gross margin, why don't I perhaps take this opportunity to run through gross profit reconciliation and put it in the context of the full year. So for the first quarter, prior year gross profit, 58.2%. And we benefited this year from 60 basis points of pricing, no benefit from restructuring thus far. You will remember, we expect the restructuring benefits this year to come in the second half. Funding the Growth continued to be very, very strong, 140 basis points of benefit, the beginning of exactly the same curve that we enjoyed last year in 2012, a material price negative of 180 basis points. Now if you break down that material price negative, within that, there is 120 basis points of negative that has to do with the impact of the devaluation in Venezuela. You pick up 20 basis points essentially of mix and we end up with the 58.6% margin -- gross margin that we have this quarter, up 40 basis points. And to put that in a year context, we came in the year saying that we thought our gross margin might expand between 50 and 100 basis points. But we said very clearly in CAGNY after the devaluation of the Venezuelan currency, that we now expected in 2013 our gross margin to expand between 30 and 70 basis points, and so that 40 basis points gain benefit in the first quarter is exactly within that range.
Operator: And our next question will come from Dara Mohsenian from Morgan Stanley.
Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Ian, your emerging markets business has held up well despite comments from a number of companies that emerging markets are slowing not just in household products, but across CPG in general. Are you seeing any consumer spending pressure in emerging markets and particularly in Latin America, given concerns seem to be cropping up there over a Brazil slowdown, and issues spreading potentially out of Venezuela and Argentina? Can you talk about Latin America specifically? And then why do you think your business has held up better than peers in emerging market so far?
Ian M. Cook: Yes, Dara, well, we continue to be quite pleased and bullish on the emerging markets. And in our categories, the data we have seen in the first quarter would support that. If one focuses on Latin America, our category growth rates continue to be in the high single digits. And if you talk about Brazil, our business in Brazil was up 17% on an organic sales basis. If you go around the other emerging markets, the category growth rates are increasing very, very nicely. And we see in the Greater China region, our organic sales up just under 10%. In Russia, you see us low double digits in terms of growth. The Latin American number that you have already seen, and I have mentioned Brazil. And even South Africa was up double digits on an organic basis. The sentiment, I'm just back from Southeast Asia, and when you look at the data and you talk to consumers, one gets the same optimism and confidence in the future that I got the last time I was in that part of the world. Our market shares likewise in these emerging markets continue to be quite strong. Brazil, our toothpaste share now up just under 72%. Our market share in Russia, approaching 33%. Our nearest competitor is flat at 15%, that 33% is up 1 point. China, we are at about 35% market share, and our nearest competitor is down under 18%. We're up 1 point. They're down 2.5 points. So I think both in terms of the consumer, their consumption and our ability to grow and then, on top of that, our continued share progress, we feel good about those emerging markets.
Operator: We'll now take a question from John Faucher from Morgan Stanley -- I'm sorry, JPMorgan.
John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: In terms of looking at the pricing results, a little bit of a dichotomy here, but I really want to take a look at the North American results where the pricing came in better despite the fact that volume really sort of accelerated against the difficult comps. So I'm wondering, a lot of companies, it seems like we're seeing no elasticity as pricing growth decelerates a little bit. You're not getting the volume pickup. Can you talk about sort of changes in pricing and where you're seeing elasticity net out in your different categories and regions?
Ian M. Cook: To your pricing question, I think, as Bina said, we have and we continue on a journey to make pricing a core competency of our company so that we can best understand the sensitivities, the elasticities at how we manage pricing in the mix of all the marketing variables that we are managing around the world. And we put a lot of pricing model attention to where we take pricing, what specific variance, what SKUs in those variance, how we take that pricing to try and minimize the impact on volume. And I think we're very, very pleased with what we have been able to accomplish, particularly, as you say, in North America where we have managed to take price without prejudicing the volume growth of the top line. And clearly, that is both an objective and, hopefully, a capability that we can continue to build in the out years.
Operator: The next question will come from Javier Escalante from Consumer Edge Research.
Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: I would like to touch upon Hill's. I would expect -- would have expected volumes to pick up a little bit more, given that you are launching 3 new lines. Basically, is it an issue that is -- because of volume mix, that the price points are lower and that's why we are seeing the decline in volumes? And what gives you the confidence that they are going -- that volumes are going to accelerate, given that you have very strong competition in the natural segment?
Ian M. Cook: Thanks, Javier, for the question. I think the answer -- and we appreciate everybody's exuberance and enthusiasm that the volume pickup would come sooner. But the answer, I think, is the same as the answer that certainly I gave most recently at CAGNY, what I think many of us have been giving over the last several months. The 2 big initiatives that we have are the relaunch of Science Diet with the more natural profile. As Bina said in her prepared remarks, that product is now fully in distribution. Media started at the very, very end of February, so essentially March. And the sampling and trial program for that business is really commencing now. To the heart of your question is our response directly to and within the natural segment, and that is captured by the Hill's Ideal Balance line. Again, as Bina said, we have completed distribution. And 2 major retailers, remember, we have a limited distribution profile for this business, are PetSmart and PETCO, and their shelf set adjustments are basically going in place right now. And the media on the Ideal Balance line basically started right now as is the sampling program and the consultants in-store behind the product. As we said at CAGNY, a, our consumer testing, both the pet parents and the pets love the product. We know the packaging and advertising engages and communicates. And the support we are getting from the retailers, the pet stores and the vets behind these 2 significant initiatives is very strong. That's what gives us the confidence. And to repeat what Bina said, we remain convinced that this business will return to volume growth in the second half of this year.
Operator: And now we'll go to Chris Ferrara with Bank of America for the next question.
Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Can we talk about that 17% number you just threw out there on Brazil. That was pretty big. I guess, Ian, could you maybe break out what the drivers of that were, especially as you lap it in the first full quarter of Luminous in Brazil and Mexico? And then, I guess, as sort of a follow-on, can you just talk about the pricing environment in Brazil? Because we've been hearing some stuff. Obviously, there's a change in tax structure. The government's been increasingly concerned about inflation. So just any color on that would be great as well.
Ian M. Cook: Yes. Again, and I think we have articulated this many, many times on these calls, our focus is on innovation-led growth. To the extent that we can make that premium innovation-led growth, that the consumers will accept, we do. And that most certainly applies to Brazil in terms of a line extension on the back of the Optic White product, continued innovation in oral care and across our other businesses. And you're right, Chris, that is after dealing with the removal of a tax on product, which lowered pricing to both retailers and to consumers and created a little bit of temporary disruption in the marketplace for a couple of weeks. But it is really engaging with our consumers through marketing, where we are using increasingly marketing mix modeling to decide how we best engage with those consumers and deploy our funds accordingly. And it is innovation behind the full portfolio of products that we have in Brazil and then, of course, beyond the ground execution and by a very experienced management team in Brazil not just with the modern trade, but all the way through the down trade in that large and complex country.
Operator: Ali Dibadj from Bernstein has our next question.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Just had a quick follow-up on pricing and then the real question. On pricing, it looks like the ratio between kind of your reported pricing as opposed to the mix element, which is in your volume obviously from innovation and stuff -- but from a pricing, the ratio between that and currency in Latin America has as almost always been quite close. But past couple of quarters, it's not been that close. And why, just to understand a little bit more kind of continuing on the theme of pricing, is that really all Venezuela? Or are you seeing things from competition or retailers or consumers or some of these macro fears that kind of put that ratio out of whack? That's kind of the clarification. But the real question to me is, I think you're a good company because essentially trounced all your peers in terms top line growth. But what we're also noticing for you and others, that it's just getting tougher to grow, so more expensive to grow. And I'm trying understand how much of that is short term, so macro issues in the U.S., macro issues in Europe versus long-term kind of secular drivers related to these categories or related to a tougher competitive environment that will be with us for quite some time. So how do you guys think about this both internally and because from a data externally, it does look like the ROI is getting tougher for everybody?
Ian M. Cook: Well, thanks for the one question, Ali. Starting with your clarification, it is exclusively in Venezuela. The rest has to do with difference in timing of when we choose to take pricing in Latin America or at any other emerging markets, so nothing structural or fundamental there. I would challenge the secular notion and I would challenge this inevitable creep of cost of doing business theory. I would start by saying, you will know well that our return on invested capital is fairly elevated, certainly, compared to our peer group and to the S&P 500. But I guess our philosophy starts with the consumer as it should do with all packaged goods company. And the theory that as marketers, we are paid to create innovation, the consumers feel they got a value paying for. And from our point of view, we seek to make that value a premium for a premium benefit. We adjust access to our products by sizing and the pricing related to sizing, but we don't. And we have never subscribed to the notion that price promotion is a way of sustainably growing business. We respond to it where we need to, but we have always put a very large premium on innovation and engaging with consumers around that innovation. What we have been doing over several years is recognize the fact that you can engage with consumers very well and build brand equity very well at the retail level. And using our marketing mix modeling, we are deploying a lot of in-store techniques that maybe we weren't deploying 10 years ago. And some of that funding comes from broader commercial spending, which you don't see captured in the below-the-line advertising. So we are putting increased money in that space as well. And the affordability comes from the benefit of premium-ization, our sharp focus on Funding the Growth and the choice we made in the fourth quarter of last year to reorganize with our Global Growth and Efficiency Program to make sure in perhaps a medium-term choppy world, we were generating adequate funding to make sure we could sustain the top line growth of the company, which on this call we would reaffirm for this year as being between 6% and 7% from an organic point of view. So it's essentially a focus on premium-ization that the consumer values and a relentless focus on Funding the Growth and now our Global Growth and Efficiency Program to provide the funding that drives top line and also bottom line.
Operator: Our next question comes from Wendy Nicholson from Citi Research.
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Two small questions, I think. But number one, Bina, you called out the customer development initiatives in Hill's, and I understand what that is because you had all the new product activity going on. But in Asia, specifically, what is that, why is it accounted for in SG&A as opposed to gross margin? And is that a function of more competition? And then just a housekeeping item, with the relaunch of Total in Brazil and Mexico, can you just remind us how big Total is as a percentage of your oral care portfolio? And when you relaunch Total, how meaningful can it be in terms of incremental market share? I think you relaunched Total in Europe maybe a year ago. So is that a big deal or maybe you can frame that?
Ian M. Cook: Yes, the issue on customer development in SG&A is increased sales capability on the ground in emerging markets, most especially in Asia, a choice made to make sure we can continue to build world-class distribution in those countries and not simply have the product present, but to make sure that we have the product visible and organized on the shelf in the way we would want our brands to be presented. And as regards Total, we don't give that level of segment detail, but it is a big business. And there is concerted effort behind Total here in the U.S. as a complete equity as we bring the mouthwash to the marketplace in the second quarter.
Operator: Our next question will come from Joe Lachky from Wells Fargo Securities.
Joe Lachky - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I guess I wanted to kind of take a step back, Ian, and get your opinion on how you see the vision for your company evolving over the long term. And I guess you've got really strong execution in your current markets. And I guess in the near term, I see a strong runway penetration, market share opportunities, riding category growth in your current markets. But how long can you ride that trend within your current markets, I guess the fear being you reach saturation in those markets or there's a slowdown in developing market growth rates? And then the second part of that is -- and what's the next step beyond that? And this maybe like a 10-, 15-year type vision. But how do you see the product portfolio evolving? Are there any new markets to enter? How do you keep that growth going in the long term?
Ian M. Cook: Thanks, Joe. I guess this sort of saturation notion is kind of overblown from a theory point of view. We still have lots of growth opportunity in our existing oral care businesses, penetration in some markets, per capita consumption in other markets. And we intend to mine that vigorously, certainly for the next decade and more. Around that, we have the opportunity to expand existing businesses that we have that may be pretty nascent to those categories in some of these emerging markets, think liquid body cleansing, think underarm, we can bring to these markets at the right time with the distribution prowess we have in these markets and continue to expand our portfolio quite, quite meaningfully. So I think when you get below the sort of 20,000-foot theory of it and get into the planning detail of actually making a vision concrete and agreeing what it is we should focus on and get done, we still think there is enormous growth. And remember, if you take a 25-year view and take category definitions that are oral care, personal care, pet nutrition and home care. Within personal care, we got into the underarm business by acquiring Mennen. We got into the liquid skin cleansing business in the U.S. by acquiring Softsoap, that we expanded our footprint in body cleansing in Europe by acquiring Sanex. So even within the category definitions we have, once we've taken every one of them global, there is still the opportunity to broaden our representation in segments of categories in which we do business. Oral care, by bringing Total to the U.S., we just established a global position in mouthwash. And we're just beginning that journey on powered toothbrushes. So there is still, we think, a very bright future for the categories that we have today well beyond the time frame you mentioned, Joe.
Operator: And our next question will come from Jason Gere with RBC Capital Markets.
Jason M. Gere - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I guess just going back, I got the context of your 2 pillars of growth hitting the 6% to 7% organic sales and obviously returning back to 10% EPS growth. So as you see the next wave of restructuring cost savings, how do you ensure that you have the right level of reinvestment in there to kind of meet both objectives? So I guess I'm talking a little bit more about the advertising side. And just as this quarter you hit kind of that 11% level, which I think is closer to the highs that you've had, can you just maybe walk through what are some of the factors as you look at that reinvestment rate of the savings that should be coming through and helping you over the next couple of years?
Ian M. Cook: Thanks, Jason. Well, clearly, we take a very strategic view on how we choose to reinvest that money. Frankly, we did that before we embarked upon the program. And we will be making, together as a management team with the involvement of our board, some choices in terms of where and what the significant aspects of strategic investment will be. When you bring it down to the notion of advertising investment, yes, we have taken it up absolutely and is the ratio in the first quarter. And we said and we stand by the fact that we plan to do that in 2013. I repeat the point, because I think it's important to register it, that with the capabilities available to companies like ours today, both analytically and in-store technique wise, we are quite consciously doing more and more at the store level to engage with consumers because the ability to do that in a very effective return on investment and executional way is significantly greater than it was 5, 10 years ago. And so the investment choices we make when you just talk about advertising will be yes in the traditional advertising engagement areas, which you will see below the line, but also in the so-called gross-to-net trade spending, which kind of comes off the top line, but is nonetheless investment funding that we deploy to grow the business. And I think you can rest assured, at least I hope you can rest assured, that as a group here, we will be doing the right thing in terms of Global Growth and Efficiency, plus our ongoing Funding the Growth programs, to make sure that we fund the growth while delivering a return.
Operator: And now we'll go to Bill Chappell from SunTrust Bank.
William B. Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Can you just talk a little bit more about just what you're seeing in especially Western Europe, I mean, in terms of consumer trends? Is it steady state? Are we bouncing still along the bottom? Are you seeing any signs of hope or any uptake as we move to the back half of the year?
Ian M. Cook: We're seeing wild exuberance, Bill, in [indiscernible]. No, I would say, certainly, the way we have planned this year and the way we have thought about our strategic planning over the next 5 years, we are still assuming low growth in Europe. We think that's the prudent thing to do, low single-digit category growth in our case. You do -- if you want to sort of then go to the next level of detail, you do see some buoyancy or greater buoyancy, obviously, I think, in Northern Europe compared to Southern Europe. We were quite pleased that our Southern European businesses basically performed at the same level that they did in the fourth quarter of last year, and we did not see a further deterioration. But I would say that we are talking about a low growth environment certainly for the next strategic cycle. If we are proven wrong and there is greater buoyancy, then that will be terrific. But we're not planning on it.
Operator: Our next question will come from Joe Altobello with Oppenheimer.
Joseph Altobello - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: I did want to go back to North America for a second because I thought it was particularly impressive. This quarter, you guys seem to hit the trifecta, if you will. The volumes were up very nicely, pricing was very strong and you also had pretty good margin expansion. I think you mentioned earlier to a question that pricing is becoming a core competency for you. But if you look at volumes, your 2-year stack volumes in North America were as high as I've seen them in quite some time. So if you could give us a little more color on what drove the volumes, was that pantry loading or trade load and what drove the margins as well?
Ian M. Cook: Well, I think a few things to say. Number one, and Bina already referenced it, we saw some nice share growth across a broad array of categories, which means we were growing faster than the rate of category growth. That was one thing. Secondly, the timing of promotional events that we had in the first quarter of this year was different than the first quarter of last year, which you may recall was really the expansion of Optic White. And thirdly, we have begun to build distribution of the Total Mouthwash that we referenced in our remarks. And as far as the second quarter is concerned, I'm pleased to say that we have started off maintaining the pace that we had in the first quarter. So we feel good about that.
Operator: And Ian Gordon with S&P Capital IQ has our next question.
Ian J. Gordon - S&P Equity Research: I wanted to ask about your EPS guidance. I know it's early, you only have one quarter under your belt, but you did come in at the high end of the 5.5% to 6.5% growth target for the year. Currency looks to be a little bit more benign for the rest of the year based on today's rates. The comparisons look balanced, a tad bit easier. Hill's should ramp, and you have the restructuring savings starting to flow through. So what's the missing piece and why shouldn't we expect something maybe a little bit north of a 6.5% dollar growth?
Ian M. Cook: Well, Ian, I think you have to kind of go back to pre-Venezuela and coming into this year. When we came into this year, we talked about EPS growth double digit on a dollar basis. And many people at the time -- frankly, even with the restructuring savings, which are relatively modest this year built in, people felt there was too much optimism on the top line and questioned our ability to deliver that. When the Venezuelan devaluation occurred, I think we were quickly, very clear about the impact. Obviously, the onetime balance sheet revaluation, you know well, and we shared that the EPS impact would be between $0.05 and $0.07 a quarter. And we kind of reaffirmed the math this quarter in saying that, that would translate to a narrow range of 5.5% to 6.5% increase. And we stand by that for the year.
Operator: And now we'll go to Bill Schmitz from Deutsche Bank.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So Latin American margins, do you think they bottomed this quarter? And the reason I ask that is I think the inventory, the expensive inventory that was flowing through in dollars probably goes away. So is there any reason to believe that this isn't kind of as bad as it gets in terms of Latin American margins?
Ian M. Cook: I think the opposite of that, Bill, we have been through these things many, many times before, devals, price controls and the like. And I think it would be fair to say that our expectation is that we would begin to rebuild margin going forward, yes.
Operator: And our next question will come from Michael Steib from Credit Suisse.
Michael Steib - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just a small point for me, Ian. Why was pricing negative in Asia?
Ian M. Cook: It was to do with pricing adjustments, Michael, that we took largely in Africa relative to some uncompetitive market positions.
Operator: And our next question will come from Linda Bolton-Weiser with B. Riley.
Linda Bolton-Weiser - B. Riley Caris, Research Division: It's our understanding that you may have another major mass toothpaste innovation, new product breakthrough type thing coming. Do you want to give some more information about that? Our understanding is dentists may start to be educated on it this summer. And so when would be the launch, potential launch of it? Would it be late this year or next year? And then just a clarification on your interest expense line. It had become an interest income, net income 2 quarters ago, in the fourth quarter. Going forward, will that now revert to being interest expense? And would $5 million to $10 million per quarter be a good rough estimate for that of interest expense?
Ian M. Cook: The answer to your second question is yes. The answer to your first question is we are always actively pursuing, as I mentioned earlier in talking about the innovation point, innovation that brings real benefit to consumers and adds value. And on the assumption we do meet with these professionals in the middle of the year, we'll be glad to have one of them talk to you.
Operator: And Lauren Lieberman from Barclays has our next question.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Wondering if you could talk a little bit about Europe just in terms of margins actually. Because the margin performance is obviously great, and so you're getting really good cost savings there, leverage on no volume growth. So talk about where these savings are coming from and even before you've really gotten going on this latest restructuring program?
Ian M. Cook: Well, the benefits come from a more benign commodity environment. The benefits come from our traditional Funding the Growth savings programs and obviously the continued introduction of innovation, which we seek to be premium, which is, therefore, accretive to margin. And as you rightly suggest, Lauren, and as Bina mentioned very clearly I think in her prepared remarks, and as we suggested we might, a lot of the structural work that we will be doing around the world has begun in Europe for obvious reasons.
Operator: Our next question comes from Connie Maneaty from BMO Capital.
Constance Marie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: A question on Venezuela. Can you help us understand what the new mechanism, the auction mechanism, how it's likely to work and what you know about it at this point?
Ian M. Cook: We continue to work with the government in Venezuela to get approval for CADIVI funds for the importation of product and has started the year quite nicely, in fact, in that regard. The new auction market mechanism that is replacing SITME, whilst we will work with it, we understand so far that the tranches of opportunity in that market are basically at about $2 million. So whilst we will look at it, I think in the main, we will be staying with the CADIVI process.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jon Andersen with William Blair.
Jon Andersen - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Just a quick one. On the advertising spend, it was up both absolutely and as a percent of sales in the quarter. So you're presumably approaching about 11% of sales. Is that a level kind of where you see some plateauing going on and potentially some leverage going forward? And the incremental spend that you are doing there, could you just talk a little bit about the focus? Is it more oriented towards new products in developed markets or more investment behind your emerging markets?
Ian M. Cook: Yes is the answer, Jon. It really is all of the above. I mentioned earlier the increasing focus we have on marketing mix modeling in terms of both our engagement marketing with traditional consumers and indeed our trial and awareness generating advertising for 4 new products in the developed countries. As you would expect, we are moving some of that investment into digital in terms of it being a strong engagement vehicle. In the emerging markets, more traditional vehicles continue to remain both affordable and effective. And again, as I mentioned earlier, and we think about the advertising going forward, don't forget that we are also putting a focus on what we call commercial spend, which is this trade spending, which is allowing us to do programs at retail, which are not just engaging and persuasive to consumers, but also help to build our brand equity and loyalty over time. So we are managing all of those things. We do this not on a ratio basis, I have to say, Jon. We do it from the ground up, market by market against what activities we have in countries as we get into each planning cycle. So the ratio is an output, and the split between the traditional advertising and what we do on trade spending is an output of that planning rather than a set ratio going into the planning.
Operator: And our final question will come from Mark Astrachan from Stifel, Nicolaus.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I'm trying to get a sense of operating margin progression. So it was up a lot in all segments, not including Lat Am and Pet Nutrition. Ian, I think in Lat Am, the margins are still down, excluding Venezuela currency-related devaluation. So is there something inherently different on the cost front, whether wages, inflation or spending, that makes Lat Am different from the others? And then also how should we think about progression in those markets, like Europe or North America, where margins improved nicely?
Ian M. Cook: Yes. As you know, we don't talk about operating margins going forward, Mark. But I can say, from a gross margin point of view, we stand by that 30 to 70 basis points and the EPS that we have guided to that drives from that. And Latin America, I mentioned on the margin roll forward, that within the walk-through on gross margin, there was a negative of 120 basis points year-on-year for the world based on Venezuela and, therefore, Latin America. And that said, we still increased our gross margin by 40 basis points. So the Latin American gross margin is entirely to do with Venezuela, entirely. And it is our thrust, geography by geography, as you know, to expand our gross margin around the world and then to make choices as to how we invest the funds that flow from that. So given that the Venezuelan impact on the world was 120 basis points, you could imagine the impact in Latin America.
Operator: And that concludes our question-and-answer session for today. I'd like to turn the call back over to our presenters for any additional or closing remarks.
Ian M. Cook: No. Thanks for all of you on the call. Thank you very much for your questions. And as always, a big thank you to the Colgate folk around the world who get done what it is agreed we're going to get done. So thank you.
Operator: That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-31 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Bina H. Thompson - Former Vice President of Investor Relations Ian M. Cook - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
Analysts: Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Nik Modi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Joe Lachky - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division William B. Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research, LLC Jason M. Gere - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Alice Beebe Longley - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division Constance Marie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Caroline S. Levy - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Alec Patterson Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year-End 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgate.com. [Operator Instructions] At this time, for opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson. Please go ahead.
Bina H. Thompson: Thank you, Cameron. Good morning, everybody, and welcome to our fourth quarter earnings release conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, Chairman, President and CEO; Dennis Hickey, CFO; Victoria Dolan, Corporate Controller; and Elaine Paik, Treasurer. This conference call will include forward-looking statements, and these statements are made on the basis of our views and assumptions as of this time and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual events or results may differ materially from these statements. For information about certain factors that could cause such differences, investors should consult our most recent annual report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on our website, including the information set forth under the captions Risk Factors and Cautionary Statement on Forward-Looking Statements. This conference call will also include a discussion of non-GAAP financial measures, which differ from our results prepared in accordance with GAAP. We will discuss organic sales growth, excluding foreign exchange, acquisitions and divestitures. We will also discuss gross profit, gross profit margin, SG&A, operating profit, net income and earnings per share, excluding the impact of certain items described in the press release. And a full reconciliation with the corresponding GAAP measures is included in the press release and is posted in the For Investors section of our website at www.colgatepalmolive.com. We're pleased with our solid fourth quarter results. Our momentum is excellent in many areas of the world, both developed and developing, and we think we are well-positioned to deliver stronger results in 2013. On a global basis, our market shares are up year-to-date in toothpaste, manual toothbrushes, mouthwash, bar soaps, body wash, deodorants and fabric conditioners. And as you will hear as I review the divisions, innovation has played an important role in increasing market shares, and we have a very robust new product pipeline as we enter this year to help to continue this growth. As Ian said in the press release, we're encouraged that we achieved our objectives in 2012 in the face of currency, competitive and macroeconomic challenges around the world. For the full year, our organic sales accelerated in almost every division from full year 2011. The exception was Latin America, which even so delivered another year of double-digit organic sales growth despite significant challenges in Venezuela in the fourth quarter. In particular, a labor slowdown in our factory, coupled with ongoing macroeconomic uncertainty, negatively impacted organic sales and gross margin in the fourth quarter. In fact, worldwide organic sales growth in the fourth quarter would have been almost 1.5 points higher, excluding the Venezuelan results, and gross margin worldwide would have been 50 basis points higher. As Ian also mentioned, our global growth and efficiency program is off to a good start. And as we told you on our last call, we expect after-tax charges this year between $185 million and $220 million, with after-tax savings in the range of $30 million to $40 million. And consistent with what you would expect, we anticipate realizing these savings later in the year. Of course, our ongoing Funding the Growth savings program is continuing to deliver considerable savings as well to allow us to invest behind our full range of new products. In 2012, the program added 2 full points to gross margin line, which helped offset increases in raw material costs. And it provided savings at the SG&A line as well, and we expect this to continue into 2013. From a cash perspective, we had another good year, continuing to pay increased dividends and buying back stocks to deliver more value to our shareholders. So let's turn to the fourth quarter division results, starting with North America. We're very pleased with the continued momentum in our North American business. Our organic sales growth of almost 4% is very strong for a developed market. And pleasingly, our categories are growing, and we are growing ahead of them. On a year-to-date basis, our market shares are up in 7 categories, even with the year-ago period in 1 and down in 3. Importantly, our year-to-date market shares are up across oral care, fueled by a continued stream of innovative products. In fact, our year-to-date increase in toothpaste share of 1 full point is the largest in 10 years. Our new product pipeline is full, and we are excited about some of the new products launching this quarter. In toothpaste, 1 new product is Colgate Total Zx Pro-Shield Plus Sensitivity, which has a triple active formula that provides multi-benefit protection in addition to maximum sensitivity relief. Consumer research shows that almost 50% of sensitivity sufferers do not treat their pain with sensitive toothpaste because the price is too high or their product does not have all the benefits the consumer is looking for. Colgate Total Zx helps protect against sensitivity, helps prevent cavities, fortifies enamel and fights plaque and germs. Second new toothpaste is Colgate Optic White Dual Action, formulated with the same level of effective hydrogen peroxide as Colgate Optic White toothpaste, plus the addition of sodium acid pyrophosphate to whiten and shine. The extensive integrated marketing launch campaign will incorporate new claims, whitens and shines, whitens more than 3 shades and results start in 1 week. An exciting new toothbrush launching this quarter is Colgate 360 Total Advanced Floss Tip. This superpremium priced toothbrush has tapered bristles for a deeper reach below the gum line, resulting in a superior yet gentle clean. In addition to oral care, we have a full new product lineup in both personal and household care. And one interesting example is our new line of antibacterial hand soap under the Softsoap brand, which is, as you know, the leading liquid hand soap in the U.S. Consumers, particularly during flu season, are very concerned about hand washing, and this new antibacterial soap with moisturizers leaves hands feeling soft and has an active ingredient, which effectively helps eliminate bacteria. So we're encouraged as we enter 2013 that our North American business is off to a good start. Turning then to Europe/South Pacific. As with North America, our European results were solid, particularly in light of the very difficult macroeconomic conditions in that part of the world. Organic sales increased and were slightly ahead of overall category growth. And year-to-date, our market shares are up in toothpaste, manual toothbrushes, mouth rinse, body wash, deodorants and fabric conditioners. New product activity is the key to growing in these highly developed markets, slow-growing markets, and we have a full slate for the first quarter and beyond. And here are just a few examples. Colgate Total Pro Interdental, a toothpaste which continuously fights plaque even between teeth for a healthier mouth; Colgate Plax Complete Care and Advanced and Complete Mouthwash for a healthy mouth with 12 benefits in 1, including 12-hour antibacterial protection, enamel strengthening and the ability to kill germs up to 99%. We are revitalizing both our elmex and Meridol toothpastes with new, modernized packaging design with specs and claims. You may recall, these 2 brands were part of the GABA acquisition and have especially strong shares in the Germanic countries. In this quarter, we will be expanding both brands into the mass market in both France and Belgium. Heretofore, they have only been sold in the pharmacy channel in those markets. In personal care, we are relaunching our experiential Palmolive body wash ranges with new design, new variants and a new advertising campaign: unforgettable shower experiences for your body and mind. Our Sanex deodorants are being launched under the new bio response concept with a new modern design and new variants accompanied by a new claim, fights odor-causing bacteria while respecting the skin's natural bacteria flora. Sanex is also introducing Sanex Zero kids body wash, with a mild formula with fewer chemical ingredients to keep your child's skin healthy. This new product has been approved by pediatricians. So a lot of activity across the region, which bodes well for 2013. Turning then to Latin America. As I discussed earlier in my commentary, difficult conditions in Venezuela affected this division. Business in our other subsidiaries is very good, and year-to-date market shares are up across the region in toothpaste, toothbrushes, mouthwash, bar soaps, dishwashing liquids and fabric softeners. And deodorants are at last year's levels. And as elsewhere, new products have been critical to our success in this region. In Brazil, where we have our highest toothpaste market share in the last 15 years, 71.4% year-to-date, both Colgate Luminous White and Colgate Total Professional Gum Health have contributed to these good results. In fact, in the month of December, Colgate Luminous White alone achieved an 8.3% share. In Mexico, our year-to-date toothpaste market share is 81.8%. In toothbrushes, our year-to-date share across the region is up almost 2 full points. In Brazil, we maintained our market-leading position of over 30%, and in Mexico, we continue to close the gap with our nearest competitor. Three years ago, the gap was almost 8 points, and in the most recent period, it's narrowed to 1.5 points. Year-to-date, our share is at 42.3%, up 80 basis points year-over-year and was at 43.4% in the most recent period. In mouthwash, new products across the region such as Colgate Luminous White and the relaunch of Colgate Plax have allowed us to narrow the gap with our nearest competitor from 29.3 points in 2007 to just 3.4 points in 2012 on a year-to-date basis. And we're excited about more innovation coming in the first quarter. We're relaunching our Colgate Total Pro products with a new campaign which emphasizes the 12-hour antibacterial protection for a healthy mouth. Under the Mennen Speed Stick brand, we're launching Mennen Speed Stick neutral power with all the protective benefits that the brand is known for but less fragrance that will not interfere with colognes or aftershave. Under the Protex brand, we have driven our bar soap shares for the variant called Deep Clean, which deeply cleans sensitive skin to remove dirt and bacteria that can cause pimples. We're now introducing a shower gel with the same positioning. And as you know, Fabuloso was our market-leading, highly fragrant, all-purpose cleaner. We're launching a new fragrance, Chamomile Explosion, capitalizing on the consumer's belief that chamomile is a natural ingredient to be used to care for the family. These are just a few examples of what is to come throughout the year in Latin America, and you'll hear more about innovation as we go forward. Turning then to Greater Asia/Africa. Strong results continued in the fourth quarter to finish off an excellent year for this region of the world. As referenced in the press release, volume growth was led by some of our major subsidiaries, including Russia, India and China. Despite concerns over a slowing economy in China, our categories there are exhibiting good growth, and we've benefited from that. Our toothpaste market share there is up 120 basis points year-over-year to 33.5%, consolidating our #1 position in the market. We've had particular success with new products in the premium segment of the business. Our mouthwash shares are up 240 basis points year-to-date to over 34% of the market, fueled by the success of Colgate Optic White mouthwash launched in this quarter. In India, our year-to-date toothpaste market share reached yet another record, up 230 basis points to 53%. And as with China, premiumization is driving our success with higher-priced products such as Colgate Total, Colgate Max Fresh and Colgate Sensitive. Our Indian toothbrush share is up 220 points to 39.5% on a year-to-date basis, with the latest reading at 40.9%. Our leading market share is now 1,480 basis points ahead of our nearest competitor from 880 basis points at the start of the year. In Russia, our toothpaste share increased as well, up 50 basis points on a year-to-date basis. And as elsewhere around the world, we will continue our launch of new products in 2013. Launching in China is 360 Pro Gum Health toothpaste. Gum problems are the #1 oral condition suffered by Chinese, and 360 is our biggest premium sub-brand in the China portfolio. Formulated to relieve gum problems in just 3 weeks, this China relevant new product will be supported by a complete integrated marketing campaign. And in the toothbrush category, tapered bristles are the fastest-growing segment in Asia. This quarter, we will be expanding our Slim Soft equity with the launch of Slim Soft Charcoal, which deliveries a deep dental clean with a charcoal bristle. So we think we're well-poised in this part of the world as we enter 2013. And Hill's. As referenced in the press release, Hill's launched a number of new products in 2012. As we look to 2013, the new product pipeline is full, and we're very excited about these new items. As some of you may have heard already, we are in the process of relaunching our Science Diet line. The objective is to modernize and enhance the shopping experience with improved packaging and placements and to improve the perceived signs of quality. Formulation will be of 100% natural ingredients with quality animal protein first and no byproduct, and we'll have significant taste improvements. Our new integrated marketing campaign, "What Vets Feed Their Pets" has already gained strong customer support. As part of the plan, we've added more nutritional consultants and direct store coverage with enhanced display plans. And in addition, we'll have materials and samples in the vet clinic. Secondly, we are repositioning Ideal Balance as an authentic natural proposition. We will expand into all key segments, dry, wet and treat, and remove wheat and soy from all products. And as with the Science Diet relaunch, we've added nutritional consultants and increased direct store coverage. In the Prescription Diet line, we are now shipping prescription diet metabolic in the U.S., Canada and Japan. Other regions will follow in the second quarter, and we expect to complete a full rollout by the end of this year. Obesity in both dogs and cats is one of the biggest disease conditions globally. Prescription Diet metabolic is the first weight management food which -- with proven real-world results, as well as being the first offering for easy, flexible weight loss success without deprivation. In early trials, 88% of dogs and cats lost weight in 2 months at home. This new product has been very well-received by veterinarians, many of whom are recommending it to their clients. So in summary, for 2013, we're looking forward to a strong year of investment and volume growth and continued acceleration in our market shares worldwide. Our leadership team is committed to winning on the ground with superior execution behind an ever-increasing flow of innovative new products. We have a full pipeline of new products, spanning all price points to enable us to succeed in developed and emerging markets alike. And we look forward to sharing our results as we go through the year. That's the end of my prepared remarks. Now Cameron, if we could open it up for questions, that will be great.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Dara Mohsenian at Morgan Stanley.
Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So Ian, it sounds like Venezuela clearly had some massive sales and profit declines in the quarter given the impact you quantified on the corporate results. Can you give us more detail on exactly what's occurring there, how long you think those issues will linger? And then also separately, on the same subject, can you discuss your ability to hit your double-digit EPS growth guidance in 2013 if there is a devaluation in Venezuela and how managing through that situation might be different than past devaluations just given the price controls in place?
Ian M. Cook: Clearly, questions on Venezuela, given what we have already said, are entirely appropriate, and I will answer it in a moment. But I do want to underscore what Bina said when you think about our company in total. We delivered at the low end of our organic sales for the year, 6%. We delivered 8% dollar EPS growth year-on-year, absorbing a 6% headwind from foreign exchange, which means that we delivered our currency neutral earnings per share growth. And we expanded our gross margin at the low end of our expectations given Venezuela. And more importantly, we believe with strategic initiatives that we have been deploying for several years continue to be effective. We have a global growth and efficiency program now in place behind a very strong innovation stream to continue to grow our business going forward. But yes, indeed, in the fourth quarter, after our last call and based on the uncertainty between elections and inauguration, we did see a slowdown in our Venezuelan business, as you say, partly due to uncertainty at retail level and partly due to the slowdown in our factory. As Bina said, our global organic sales would have been up 150 basis points if it were not for that. Indeed, our emerging market sales would have been up some 300 points from the 6% you saw in the results. But I can tell you that after considerable dialogue and collaboration with our workforce, with support from local government ministries, we enter this year with our operations in Venezuela basically back to historical levels, and our top line progress has bounced back to the levels pre the event and consistent with our thinking about Venezuela for this year. Now as we discussed on the last call, when I said that a significant devaluation in Venezuela, along with price controls would weigh heavily on our results, we were quite straightforward in our release in saying that the double digit in dollar terms of guidance was absent a macroeconomic devaluation in Venezuela. And that continues to be our view. Now clearly, there are many different scenarios there, and in some ways, it's not just the management of the devaluation, which, as I have said before, would take just over $0.5 billion of monetary assets there and reduce them by whatever the devaluation level is. But the effect is potentially larger in terms of what does happen in pricing and what may happen in terms of social or other macroeconomic actions. And our view on that, as it was the last time, and we have many years in Latin America and other parts of the world experiencing these kinds of things, is that we would, as we were before, be very prompt and fulsome in becoming public in terms of how we would react to the devaluation and whatever comes with it, should that time come. Now while that is out there, you know well that in terms of the way our business is being managed in Venezuela, we have made the business much more simple. We are focusing on our SKUs. We are making cash decisions wisely. So we are managing responsibly, understanding that we are in businesses and geographies for the long term. So that would be, I think, a confidence in the overall company, I hope confidence in our ability to manage Venezuela, a statement that what we went through in the fourth quarter has corrected in January. And that we will deal with any macroeconomic event in Venezuela swiftly and advise people accordingly.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Nik Modi with UBS.
Nik Modi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Ian, if you could just kind of walk us through -- as the year unfolded in 2012 and as you kind of look into 2013, how is the competitive environment involved? I mean, has it gotten much more intense in a sense that more promotions, maybe some of the advertising money is going into promotions? And are you seeing it kind of accelerate here as a lot of your global competitors have been obviously restructuring and have some more money to play with, plus commodity cost has been about a lot tamer? Just curious on your view. And as you think about the back half of the year, where do you think that's headed, as many companies have gross margin upside to kind of reinvest?
Ian M. Cook: Well, I think, Nik, we have been sort of generally clear that despite or regardless of what many people have been saying about the level of competitive activity, we have seen it and we continue to see it, and we continue to plan that it will be at the levels that we have seen for the last little while. And we, too, will see expansion of our gross margin. We see our material costs up about the same level as they were this year, which is around 1%. We still expect to see our gross margin expand next year within the 50 to 100 basis points level given our investment in the formulas at Hill's. And so that's what we think we will see in the ongoing operating costs from Venezuela. And we think we have -- from an advertising point of view, we're well-structured our plan. It is a plan that continues to confirm a 6% to 7% organic growth level. It continues to see the Hill's business with all of the terrific product activity behind it, turned volume positive, continues to see our advertising grow. And I would make a comment about advertising. As we have said for some time, many of us in going to school came out with a view that advertising was good and trade spending was bad. And I think we have been trying to say that in many ways, given the analytic tools available to us, the way one can execute at the retail level these days, a wise trade investment can be a terrific way of building a brand, engaging with a shopper at retail and getting them to that final purchasing decision on top of the traditional advertising and the social media and the other techniques that we use. So these things are all in a balance, and we build our plans accordingly. But essentially, the plan we have for 2013 assumes the continuation of competitive activity, adequately funds our innovation and we believe has the right balance between traditional advertising spending and that which we would execute and be able to measure the return on investment on -- at the retail level.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Wendy Nicholson with Citi Investment Research.
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Could you talk about Hill's specifically? And the margin that you generate there has, for a long time, been so good and sort of above average for the company. And can you talk about kind of going forward what you expect from Hill's profit margin? With all the new product activity and the volume declines you've seen, is that not an area where maybe investment spending should go up? Or how much will Hill's itself benefit from some of your restructuring?
Ian M. Cook: Well, I think, Wendy, as we think about Hill's, frankly, we're quite excited. We think -- from an innovation point of view, we think we've got it right. We think we have been able to improve the relevance of our Ideal Balance product while not losing the strength of the Hill's scientific credentials. We think we've made a major upgrade in our Science Diet business for the U.S. We have packaging, we know works. We have advertising, we know works. We have clear selling communications for our consultants at retail to bring back consumers to the business, and we have invested in those consultants. And we have had very, very good collaboration with the PETCOs and the PetSmarts of this world in bringing these plans to the consumer. So by all means, it is an investment year for Hill's. And we are investing in advertising to convey the benefits of the products that will be coming to the marketplace, are coming to the marketplace now. And we believe we will see the volume of that business return into positive territory as we move across the year. And yes, we have made an investment in upgrading the formula in Hill's. Having said that, we are going to expand the gross margin of the company within our 50- to 100-basis-point range. And in the life of the plan that we have, we rebuild that gross margin investment on the Hill's business. So we're comfortable with where we are putting the investment funds, and we look forward to reporting the progress of the Hill's business across 2013.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Joe Lachky with Wells Fargo Securities.
Joe Lachky - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I just was wondering if you could describe how you're responding to the competition in Brazil, and maybe if you could let us know what category growth rates are in that country for oral care. And is net the competition positive or negative for the category overall?
Ian M. Cook: Okay, Joe. Well, let me draw a little bit of a whirlwind tour, and I'll come back to Brazil. Take the big high-growth markets that everybody talks to, China, our share is approaching 34%. The competitor is below 19%, down over 3 share points year-on-year. Russia, our share is over 32%, and the competitive share has now drifted below 15%, continuing a 4-year downward progression. Our share in Mexico, as Bina said, is about 82%. And the competitive share towards the end of the year is around 13%. And if we come now to Brazil to your point, our share is, as Bina said, the highest we have seen in 15 years. And the competitive share for the year is about 6%, and change in the fourth quarter based on Nielsen data is around 7%. We have seen category growth in Brazil. We have seen our market share growth in Brazil. And the growth rate in Brazil is pretty much at the same as it has been in all of our emerging markets, which is high single digits, low double digits. We have said many times that we believe the basis for growth in categories is innovation. And in Brazil, as you may know from our various comments on the subject, whether it was Sensitive Pro-Relief, whether it was Luminous and the other innovations we have planned, we are constantly looking to engage with the consumer through innovation rather than just price promotion. And we see that and plan for that continuing in Brazil and the other emerging markets around the world in 2013.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from John Faucher with JPMorgan.
John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So I just want to follow up in your comments on the relative value of trade promotion versus advertising, because advertising for us in terms of the information we get, it's obviously a fairly blunt instrument. One of the things that the investment community sort of focuses on advertising for is it can tend to be more of a leverageable expense, while trade promotion we associate is a little bit more variable in terms of having to put the trade promotion out there for the units that you get. So can you talk with us a little bit about sort of SG&A leverage in that context? And then the second question I have was just sort of a housekeeping thing which is, can you talk a little bit about the interest income line, which went from negative to positive in the quarter, and what happened there?
Ian M. Cook: Yes. Well, let me talk about it holistically. I think from the trade spending point of view, I guess what it comes down to is the programming. I mean, if you looked at our advertising in the fourth quarter on a ratio basis, it was at the level -- it was down about 10 basis points as we said in the release. But overall, our commercial investment was up a multiple of that. And when we think about trade promotion, there are 2 aspects to it. One is pure price and the other is consumer spend, which can include price but it can include activity at the retail level. And think these days about anyone's shopping experience, particularly in the developed world, one gets messaging from the traditional media, engagement from social media and other "word of mouth type" messaging. And then what one encounters at retail, which is substantially different today than it was even 5 years ago. And we have talked from our side about Colgate business planning, about better understanding of pricing as a competence in our company and the use of analytics. And these things all tied together when you come to retail. We were able today to construct programs that may be built around price but are much broader than that at the retail level and are, as we call them, integrated communications that go from a television ad to the activity that consumers see at retail or the coupons that they might receive directly or indirectly. You can do good analytics on it. It's very targeted. And you can collaborate with retailers against it, and you can track to make sure that it is not damaging brand health but rather an additional component that is strengthening brand health. So that's how we think about it, and that's really how we deploy our numbers. We don't tend to think of it from a leverage point of view. We tend to build even our traditional advertising plans and the promotional plans, which go to retail from the ground up against the programming we have rather than a leverageable ratio going forward. Now as to your question on interest expense, this actually has been a very conscious and focal area for us this year and will continue into 2013. Obviously, as you have seen from our releases, we have taken advantage of a low interest rate environment here in the U.S. to structure debt at very low coupon levels, as you know and have also, which has been part of our capital structure planning, located some of that cash in overseas markets where we see deployment opportunities. And with that cash there, the investment returns we are getting are quite elevated. And so as we plan forward, and again, this was planned for 2013, we're looking at net interest expense being basically flat, with expense and income offsetting one another. So net income basically flat for 2013. Now in the fourth quarter of this year, obviously, we got a pickup, as you say, but of course, that was fully offset by the increase in tax rate from the fourth quarter of last year. So we view those as offsetting items.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Ali Dibadj with Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: So clearly, you're affirming the double-digit EPS growth for the year, x top [ph]. But I haven't heard you say directly the organic top line growth of 6% to 7%, which you said in the last conference call is still intact. So is that the target? Is it smooth throughout the year? And you may talk about Venezuela in that context. And I thank you for giving us more detail on what the organic sales growth and gross margin would have been, x Venezuela, in the quarter. But to be fair, would you mind elucidating what your organic sales growth and gross margin would have been, x Venezuela, over the past 3, 4, 5 years?
Ian M. Cook: Well, yes, I guess I would mind, I guess, is the straightforward answer. And the -- looking forward -- I thought I had said it earlier, but if I didn't, then let me say now that indeed, we do reaffirm our 6% to 7% organic growth for 2013. And the reasons are innovation stream, the return of our Hill's business to volume growth and what we believe is an executional focus that we have in all parts of the world but particularly in the emerging markets to make sure our distribution and our in-store visibility and activity truly engages the consumer. And remember, the Venezuela impact in the fourth quarter was a very unusual impact.
Operator: And our next question comes from Bill Chappell with SunTrust.
William B. Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Just a quick follow-up on Venezuela and then another question. On Venezuela, is there a catch-up that will happen in the first quarter with things back to normal in terms of when you see those sales materialize and boost organic growth? And then just the regular question is, on the new product launch this year, is it in roughly the same in terms of kind of revenue generation and timing as we're trying to model out?
Ian M. Cook: If I take the second question first, if you think about our innovation in total, I think the contribution to the top line from innovation in total will be around the same level as it was in 2013. Quite how it profile across the year, I must say, I don't have. And from a Venezuela point of view, it is -- and that will be around 7% to 8%, by the way, Bill. And from a Venezuela point of view, the first quarter, as I said, is back to historical levels, but I wouldn't think there would be a rebuild of any significance from a modeling point of view.
Operator: And our next question comes from Javier Escalante with Consumer Edge Research.
Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: I have a question, a follow-up on Brazil and basically in the context of also what is happening in Europe. As I understood it, you held up market share in Brazil this quarter, but do you see this 50% shipment growth that one of your competitor indicated early this week as a leading indicator of heavier competitive activity in the future as opposed to now? And in the context of the need of upping reinvestment in Brazil, I would like to bring up this issue of Europe where you had seen negative pricing pressure for 3 years. Is this because of your home care business, which is low in terms of strategically and financially in your ranking? And if that's the case, should you consider doing something more drastic in Europe, maybe divesting home care, if that's the core of why pricing has been negative for so long?
Ian M. Cook: Okay, Javier. Well, let me take your 1 question in the 2 parts it was asked, starting with Europe. At first, we were pleased with the organic growth we got in Europe, albeit volume-driven in the fourth quarter. Secondly, the -- a pricing negative relates to the European environment and has been that way for the same years you quoted. It is not especially oriented towards our home care business. You may recall that when we talked about our global growth and efficiency program, we very specifically said that we were in a world where growth rates in our categories was going to be driven by the emerging markets in those high single digits, low double digits ranges. And that the category growth rates in the developed world would be low single digits, and in Europe, definitely low single digits. And that therefore, that we wanted to go forward and lower the structural costs in our company that would increase our speed and efficiency and strengthen us for the longer term with these concepts, both hubs, Colgate business, service centers and, of course, more facility rationalization. And you will remember that one of the first announcements we had relative to that program was indeed relative to Europe. So I think we've been attentive to the world that we are living in. We like our businesses. We don't think we have a business problem, and we are trying to create structures that will make us strong, not just today, but for the medium term. Now relative to Brazil and 50% volume numbers, I seem to recall over the last 3 to 4 years, there have been quite a few plus 30, plus 22 types of volume numbers quoted. And our reaction would be you can see the market shares. We see the competitive activity in the country, and I think we have demonstrated, over the last several years, an ability to meet that competitive activity. We have said that over that period, a lot of it was price promotion-related. The latest entry now gives competition to the Luminous offering that we had in the marketplace already at pretty strong share levels, and you will continue to see our innovation at play in Brazil and other countries as we work our way through 2013.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Jason Gere with RBC Capital Markets.
Jason M. Gere - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I just want to, I guess, go back to the organic sales question, just some of the, I think, numbers that you threw out there. You talked about the innovation, I think, being 7% or so this year. Is that right?
Ian M. Cook: Yes. 7% to 8% sales for the year.
Jason M. Gere - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So then with the 6% to 7%, I guess I just want to talk about the pricing element, like how you look at pricing this year relative to some of the maybe incremental promotion out there and then put into context when you look at last year the pricing that came through. Because half of that 6% organic sales was price, what was the kind of impact that you saw on volumes? I'm just trying to reconcile the numbers to get comfort with that 6% to 7% that you've laid out.
Ian M. Cook: Yes, I think, Jason, as we think about pricing, again, take the more strategic perspective. We called out back-to-school 2 areas that we were going to, over time, build competence in. One was pricing and the other was analytics. And to a certain extent, they go hand-in-hand. And we have definitely been focused on that and trying to find the right balance between pricing and volume. So this year, as you say, it's been about half and half price and volume in terms of that 6% organic growth. Next year, we are looking at pricing that's going to be in the 1.5% to 2.5% range, reflecting our capability in that area. About 1/3 of that is going to be rollover pricing from 2012. The balance will then be a volume and, again, back to the reasons for the confidence in the volume, the turnaround of Hill's from a negative volume to a positive volume business and the growth we have in the emerging market and the innovation stream that we have behind our businesses. So this is built up from the ground up, and we feel reasonably comfortable with where the plan sits.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Bill Schmitz with Deutsche Bank.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Can we get some more color on sort of the mechanics of the restructuring program, like when the savings are going to come through, where the big buckets are? Maybe I missed over the last few months, but maybe great to just get some color on sort of if you got anything to date and when you're going to see sort of the big uptick in the savings.
Ian M. Cook: Yes, well, the -- I think we spelled out the savings we were expecting this year and the onetime charges we were expecting this year, so savings in the $30 million to $40 million after-tax range and onetime charges for this year in the $185 million to $220 million, this year being 2013. So that's what we are looking at. Now the buckets, I think of the buckets that we frame the program with when we started. They will be this notion of "hubbing" or they are operating units around the world so that smaller operations can benefit from greater capability in the hub center, the Colgate business services center that we have talked about for quite some time out of Warsaw in terms of the operating efficiency and related savings that you get with that and the rationalization of our facilities, largely manufacturing, which you started to hear about in Europe a little bit earlier. And in terms of the timing of the savings for 2013, as Bina said, as you would expect, it will come more normatively towards the back half of the year. And so by deduction, you can see that the majority of the savings will come in the out years, and we will talk about progress on those out years as they become concrete.
Operator: And our next question comes from Christopher Ferrara with Bank of America.
Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Ian, can you talk, I guess, a little bit about the innovation stream? I guess one of the things that I think some investors are a little bit concerned about is just the ability to lap what look like a pretty aggressive new product flow in 2012. And I think you had a number of what you might describe as platforms like Optic White and Luminous White that really impacted '12. So as you move to '13, that 6% to 7% organic growth rate, obviously, that's a big number considering the innovation pipeline last year. So I guess can you talk a little bit about, a, what does that pipeline look like in '13 relative to '12 with respect to your number of kind of big hit innovations? And I guess put that in the context of what your growth rate looks like.
Ian M. Cook: Yes, well, again, this year, we delivered around 6% organic growth. And next year, we're talking about the same 6% to 7% range that we had for this year. And as I mentioned earlier, we expect innovation to deliver about 7% to 8% of the sales in 2013. We think the pipeline is strong. Unfortunately, for the question you're asking, some of the products that are coming to market have not yet been announced, and it would be remiss of me to provide competitive advantage. But we have a very good, we believe, process in place from an innovation point of view. We have talked about it many times. We have external linkages. We have innovation centers around the world. We have long-term innovation groups. We have a strategic group that needs to try and accelerate capital investments and other investments that might be required to accelerate an innovation. And we have even done some of these rapid innovation models as we have talked before in some of our emerging markets to identify innovations that are directly for those categories. So we think we have a process in place that will give us an innovation stream as productive as 2012. And remember, in that organic growth for 2013, the innovation that is now coming to market from Hill's is going to, we believe, turn that business positive from a volume point of view. And, of course, that's an important factor not to forget either.
Operator: And our next question comes from Alice Longley with Buckingham Research.
Alice Beebe Longley - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: You might have answered this at the beginning of the call, but if we look at margins in Latin America and Asia, in both those regions, they were down year-over-year, while they were up a lot in the U.S. and Europe. The first question is about in the emerging regions. If you were to take Venezuela out, I know you commented on the gross margins, but would operating margins have been up and the same is true for Asia, Africa or similar questions. With competition rising, do you expect margins to go up or down ahead in those 2 regions?
Ian M. Cook: We don't comment going forward, Alice, on operating margins. Clearly, given what we said on the gross margin, the operating margin in Latin America would have been higher in the fourth quarter of 2012, had it not been for Venezuela. So that is indeed true. And, again, for 2013, we have said that we plan for our gross margin to increase by 50 to 100 basis points, and we have reaffirmed the top line at 6% to 7% organic and the bottom line at 10% on a dollar basis, x a significant deval or macroeconomic event. So that's where we are on the margin. We were very pleased with the pricing we've been able to get relative to margin. And, obviously, in the U.S., you have the comparison between the fourth quarter of 2011 when we were investing at very elevated levels to introduce Optic White from where we are this year, with that innovation still driving share growth in the U.S., I would add.
Operator: And our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: [indiscernible] has the gross margin buildup for the quarter, you could go through that?
Ian M. Cook: I thought you'd never ask. So if you take the fourth quarter, we have the prior year gross profit at 57.7%. Pricing added 0.9 point. Our Funding the gross savings came in strongly at plus 2.8 points, 280 basis points higher than prior year, although 2012 followed the same profile as last year. And material prices were a negative 2.9 percentage points, and the majority of that was the operating costs in Venezuela, as we have said earlier. So with no other changes, then that roll forward therefore gets you to the 58.6% in the fourth quarter.
Operator: And we'll go next to Connie Maneaty with BMO Capital Markets.
Constance Marie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I have a housekeeping question and then a real one. What's the normalized contribution in Venezuela to sales and earnings? So if here you would exclude the fourth quarter disruption. And then could you also explain the big increase in North American operating margin? Is it sustainable or were there some onetime factors that caused it to go up as much as it did?
Ian M. Cook: Yes. Let me take your second point first. The operating margin, as I said, in North America was a reflection of the fact that in the fourth quarter of 2011, we had very elevated investment behind the launch of Optic White, and of course, we didn't cycle that this year. I wouldn't project out at the fourth quarter level in North America going forward. Now relative to your second question, I think we said, Connie, that Venezuela represents about 5% of our sales, and that is what we provide.
Operator: And our next question comes from Caroline Levy with CLSA.
Caroline S. Levy - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: I just want to understand. Ian, if you could help. What has -- what took you by surprise in Venezuela? Because I do get the sense that you weren't expecting quite as severe volume hit or cost hit. And what has changed as you look at the first quarter?
Ian M. Cook: I guess there was incredible uncertainty after the election and in the lead-up to the inauguration. But I would say the biggest factor was the labor slowdown in our facilities, and that was something that took us time in conjunction with our local management, in conjunction with our workforce and with support, as I said, from government -- appropriate government ministries. And we have resolved the labor slowdown that we had basically in the November, December months. And in January, as I said a little bit earlier, our factory in Venezuela, where we make about 85% of what we sell, is back up running at normal historical levels. And, of course, the sales have bounced back meaningfully from the November, December levels of last year as we have product to supply the market. So it really was that, and the correction is as I laid out. And I think if you read some of the general press, as we have tried to say in our release, I don't think that was -- at that particular period, was a situation unique to Colgate, but that really was the issue.
Operator: And our next question comes from Alec Patterson with RCM.
Alec Patterson: Ian, just quickly, I was curious. The interest expense, sort of the cost of financing initiative that you talked about earlier, if you do unfortunately have a Venezuelan devaluation, would that dramatically change the ability to generate strong interest income?
Ian M. Cook: Yes, many things would be affected. I think, Alec, that would.
Operator: And our next question comes from Mark Astrachan with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: One quick question and then a follow-up to that. Double-digit earnings growth, is that still 10%- to 11%-type range?
Ian M. Cook: Yes.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then the follow-up. So I'm just trying to reconcile 6% to 7% sales growth to that number. So...
Ian M. Cook: Yes, sales growth, yes.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Right. So benefits from 3 restructuring programs, budgeting oil last time at $110. So obviously, it's lower than that, the interest expense benefit share repurchase. I guess where are the incremental spend or where's the incremental spend going? If you could maybe help us sort of reconcile those 2 numbers, the sales to earnings, that will be helpful.
Ian M. Cook: If you're trying to get at the top line, where is the incremental spend going to drive the 6% to 7% top line, well, it's going into commercial spending, which is to say spending we do directly with retailers. It's going into traditional advertising. It's going into innovation. It's going into overhead of SG&A because we will, in some locations, be strengthening our on-the-ground capability. So it really is geography- and project-specific. Yes. And so that's where it's going, but remember that the restructuring savings in 2013 are in that $30 million to $40 million after-tax. So it's a relatively modest number compared to what has yet to come.
Operator: That does conclude today's question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the conference back over to our speakers for any closing remarks.
Ian M. Cook: Well, thanks for your questions. Thanks for joining us, always a pleasure. And a particular big thank you to the Colgate folks who may be listening or read the transcript who actually make all this happen. And particularly, thanks to our folks in Venezuela. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-25 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Bina H. Thompson - Former Vice President of Investor Relations Ian M. Cook - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
Analysts: William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Nik Modi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Sarah Miller Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Caroline S. Levy - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research, LLC Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Constance Marie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Joe Lachky - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Alice Beebe Longley - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Linda Bolton-Weiser - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division Jon Andersen - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Ian J. Gordon - S&P Equity Research
Operator: Good day, and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company's Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgate.com. [Operator Instructions] At this time, for opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to the Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Bina H. Thompson: Thanks, Brian. Let me add my welcome to our third quarter earnings release conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, Chairman, President and CEO; Dennis Hickey, CFO; Victoria Dolan, Corporate Controller; and Elaine Paik, Treasurer. This conference call will include forward-looking statements, and these statements are made on the basis of our views and assumptions as of this time and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual events or results may differ materially from these statements. For information about certain factors that could cause such differences, investors should consult our most recent annual report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on our website, including the information set forth under the captions Risk Factors and Cautionary Statement on Forward-looking Statements. This conference call will also include a discussion of non-GAAP financial measures, which differ from our results prepared in accordance with GAAP. We will discuss organic sales growth, excluding foreign exchange, acquisitions and divestitures. We will also discuss gross profit, gross profit margin, operating profit, net income and earnings per share, excluding the impact of the one-time items described in the press release. A full reconciliation with the corresponding GAAP measures is included in the press release and is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.colgatepalmolive.com. So we're very pleased with the continued strong momentum in our business in the third quarter. Good organic sales growth coupled with an excellent increase in gross margin have allowed us to increase investments behind our business as well as to grow our bottom line. Market shares are strong around the world. On a year-to-date basis we're up in toothpaste, manual toothbrushes, mouthwash, bar soaps, body wash, deodorants and fabric conditioner. Our pipeline of new products is as full as it has ever been, which bodes well for continued share gains. Our balance sheet is solid, and cash generation is strong. We continue to successfully implement the strategies with which you are all familiar, engaging to build our brands, innovation for growth, effectiveness and efficiency and leading to win. And we believe our tight focus on a limited number of categories continues to be the right approach for Colgate. This has allowed us to deliver consistent results. Now while our strategies have not changed, the external environment is increasingly changing and at a fast pace. To help ensure continued strong results, today we announced a 4-year global growth and efficiency program. And this is truly a global program affecting all areas of the business, which is expected to help us deliver sustained profitable growth over the long-term. We believe that these changes will help ensure the long-term success of our business in today's fast changing global marketplace. We've chosen to undertake them at a time when the business is strong to leverage our growth momentum so we continue to deliver on both our near and long-term targets, while increasing investment to strengthen our market-leading positions and commercial capabilities on the ground. As a reminder, our key areas of focus are not new to us but rather a continuation of what we've done successfully in the past. The global growth and efficiency program represents a truly global effort to expand upon successful initiatives previously implemented in select regions, focusing on the areas of commercial hubs, shared services and global supply chain and facilities optimization. Reflecting on 2012, when we initially gave constant dollar guidance, we were experiencing and projecting extremely volatile foreign exchange markets. That has proven to be the case throughout 2012 in all regions of the world. By managing the business on a constant currency basis, we ensured that commercial funds stayed invested in the local businesses. So as we look ahead, we see the exchange market as being somewhat less volatile and more in line with historic patterns. So while our global budget process is still in the initial stages, as Ian said in the press release, we expect to return to double-digit earnings per share growth on a dollar basis in 2013 in the 10% to 11% range. Our target for organic sales growth for 2013 remains 6% to 7%, and we expect to see increases both in gross profit and advertising. So let me now briefly share some third quarter highlights in the division, starting with North America. We're particularly pleased with our North American results. Despite a deceleration in category growth throughout the year, we achieved positive volume and pricing in the third quarter. The volume growth was also notable as compared to the strong year-ago quarter, in which we launched Colgate Optic White toothpaste. As referenced in the press release, our oral care shares are strong. The launch of Colgate Optic White enamel toothpaste in the U.S. has helped to increase the share of the Colgate Optic White franchise with a share of over 6% in the most recent period. And we told you last quarter about the launch of Colgate Optic White mouthwash, which complements the toothpaste and toothbrush and offers a full whitening regimen. The launch is doing well, and the mouthwash has over 2% share. Increased investment behind our Colgate Total franchise, along with a very successful Seeing is Believing marketing campaign, also contributed to our success. And we have some very exciting new products along with some new marketing campaign slated for the first quarter, which you will hear about at a later date. So let's turn to Latin America. Very good market share progress drove our strong results in Latin America. Year-to-date, market shares are up in toothpaste, manual toothbrushes, mouthwash, bar soaps, fabric conditioners, dishwashing liquid and liquid cleaners. As referenced in the press release, we reached another record share in toothpaste at 79.3%, up 120 basis points from a year ago. Now this increase was achieved in spite of competitive launches in a number of countries. Colgate Luminous White toothpaste, which was launched a year ago in Mexico and Brazil, is now selling across the division and accounts for almost 4 points of our overall toothpaste share. Our leading toothbrush share is at 42.5% year-to-date, up almost 2 full points from the year-ago period. And as in other developing markets, we have product offerings at all price points, and both our premium-priced and mid-tier brushes are contributing to the share gain. In mouthwash, our market share is up 4 points to 37% on a year-to-date basis, and we've achieved leadership in Argentina, Venezuela, Central America, Paraguay and Uruguay. In bar soaps, we've consolidated our leadership position up over 2 points to 32%. Protex is the leading brand, and the launch of Protex's Vitamin E as well as a strong hand washing campaign has contributed to its success. Palmolive is the #2 brand across the region, also benefiting from innovation. Turning then to Europe. As you know, the macroeconomic situation in Europe is quite challenging. Category growth is slowing, and consumer confidence levels are low. But despite that, our oral care shares are solid. In toothpaste, our year-to-date market share is even with the year-ago period, and our shares are up in manual toothbrushes and mouthwash. So even in this tough environment, we've successfully launched new products. We found that the consumer is willing to pay a premium for a clear benefit such as whitening or gum health. Across the region in September, we relaunched our Colgate Max White One Whitening toothpaste along with an accompanying toothbrush and mouthwash to provide a full whitening regimen. The distinctive red packaging, the same as for Optic White here in the U.S., really does stand out on shelves. Persuasive in-store presence is a critical component of an integrated marketing campaign, particularly in a more developed market, and early results for this bundle are very encouraging. Now we're also very excited about our launch into a completely new category, electrically chargeable toothbrushes. Our lead market is the U.K. The product was introduced in early October at the British Dental Trade Association Conference, the largest U.K. trade event with over 10,000 delegates attending, and the reactions were very positive. As you know, professional recommendations play a very important role in this category. And in addition, we introduced the product at Booths, the first-ever platinum launch for Colgate. 50% of the category sales are through this one retailer. Advertising is now on air, and although we don't have scanner data until next month, the initial reception has been excellent. Greater Asia/Africa. As in other divisions, successful new product launches have helped increase market shares. Across Asia, our toothpaste share is up 40 basis points on a year-to-date basis. In India, both premium and mid-tier offerings have driven our share up 250 basis points to over 53% of the market. The share gains are across the country in both urban and rural markets. And in China, our share continues to grow. We're up 140 basis points to 33.7%. We continue to grow our mouthwash business across the region. Year-to-date, our market share is up almost 3 full points to 19.3% with increases in almost every country. Both Colgate Plax Fresh Tea and Colgate Plax Fruity Fresh have contributed to the share gains, along with the Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief mouthwash to accompany our Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief toothpaste in the developed markets of Hong Kong and Singapore. And Hill's. While Hill's volume declined in the quarter, positive pricing allowed for another quarter of organic sales growth. A number of initiatives faced through [ph] the end of 2012 and the first quarter of 2013 should benefit the business. On the Science Diet side of the business, we'll be relaunching the Science Diet line at the beginning of December. The new Science Diet Dry Offerings will contain natural ingredients with meat or high-quality protein as the first ingredient, and no chicken byproduct or artificial colors or flavors. New packaging design will make it easier for the pet owner to find the right product. In fact, our studies show it reduces the time it takes by about 30%. There will be 3 new shopping categories that should reduce shelf clutter: Life Style, Life Stage and Life Care. Ideal Balance, which provides natural ingredients in perfect balance and contains no corn, continues building momentum with third quarter 2012 volume in the U.S. up 19% over the second quarter of 2012. A very exciting new Prescription Diet product is Prescription Diet metabolic. And this is the first weight management food with proven and real-world results. 88% of dogs and cats lost weight in 2 months at home, and it's also clinically proven to avoid weight regain following a weightless -- loss program. It comes in Dry, Wet and Treats for dogs as well as cats. This product will start shipping in the first quarter of next year starting with the North American market and Japan. So in summary, we're pleased with the continued momentum in our business and look forward to a strong finish for the year. And as you heard, Colgate people around the world are winning on the ground, delivering strong results and increased market shares. And our new global growth and efficiency programs for sustained growth announced today should help us to continue to deliver strong results in 2013 and beyond. That's the end of my prepared remarks. Brian, now, if we can open it up for questions, that would be terrific.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go first to Bill Schmitz with Deutsche Bank.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Hey, did you say how much of the restructuring program is going to be reinvested versus how much you think will flow down to the bottom line?
Ian M. Cook: No, we didnt, Bill. And at this stage -- first, let me take a step back on the whole program because this has been the output of well over a year's study. As I think you have seen from the release and Bina's comments, we've taken a view here that is strategic for the long term, while benefiting starting in 2013 to build the kind of structure and skills we think we will need to compete effectively in this fast-changing world over the next 5 to 10 years. And important to say that we're really expanding structures and capabilities that we know very well how to handle; hubbing that we have been doing in various parts of the world for over 15 years. Our shared service center pioneered in Europe at about 5 years. And of course, in terms of manufacturing and sourcing, we started the year -- the millennium with something like 85 factories and have worked that down over time. And I think as you saw with the 2004, 2008 program, we have the focus and ability to get these programs executed without impacting the continued flow of the business. Now as to how we will use the funds generated by the program, if you take the near-end view, what we're really saying in 2013 is that we intend to continue the pace of organic top line growth in a world that has more slowness to it than not at the 6% to 7% range and expect to return to double-digit EPS on a dollar basis. How we allocate the second half benefits we'll get next year will depend by geography and by program, and that will be the same view we will use in the out years. But if you look at 2013, the commitment is really to the double-digit earnings per share growth on a dollar basis while maintaining that 6% to 7% organic top line growth.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nik Modi with UBS.
Nik Modi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Can you just give us any perspective  Bina addressed the kind of Western European environment being sluggish, but can you talk about the other market, especially Latin America, kind of what you're seeing from a market growth standpoint? And then just a quick follow-up question on minor housekeeping. Venezuela, do you believe you can still deliver the dollar kind of 10%-plus even if we get a deval in Venezuela next year?
Ian M. Cook: So let me take them in the order you asked them, Nik. If you look at our world and by our world, I mean our categories by geography, as we have said before, in Europe we see low-single digit category growth, very low, in the 1% to 2% range, closer to 1% than 2%; and in some cases, negative. In North America, we see category growth rates in that 1% to 2% range. And in the emerging markets, we continue to see category growth rates at high-single digits, that would be the 8% to -- the 8% to 9% growth rates. And we continue to see that right through the latest periods of data available to us. And having just come back from Vietnam, Laos, Cambodia and Myanmar, I would say in these high growth geographies, consumer optimism is still high. So you see it in the numbers, and you feel it on the ground when you're interacting with consumers. Venezuela, obviously, there is a lot of speculation about Venezuela. Clearly, there would be 2 components to any devaluation were it to occur. One would be the one-time impact on that monetary assets, which would be a one-time event as it was before. And then to answer the heart of your question, it's really going to come down to the ability to take pricing in the country or not, and I think it would be highly speculative to say what that position might be at the time. Hopefully, the governmental view in terms of making product available to consumers would be to allow pricing to facilitate bringing raw materials. And remember, we make 85% of what we sell in the country, providing employment with bringing raw materials into the country. If we see a devaluation with no ability to take pricing, that is going to be painful for everybody operating in the country and would weigh on our ability to deliver the double-digit dollar EPS growth.
Operator: And our next question comes from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.
Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Ian, on -- the Hill's business top line performance continued to be disappointing and that seems in contrast to some of the hope you would have that the new products would reinvigorate the business and help with the market share issues in the Naturals segment. So I just want to get an update there. And also, can you give us some detail in the Ideal Balance launch in terms of its incrementality and repeat rates and some perspective on potential growth for the division in 2013?
Ian M. Cook: Yes. The -- it's a tale of 2 cities. Ideal Balance is doing well, as Bina said. Trial rates are high and repeat rates are high, and we know we're bringing in about half of the new users from other Naturals products, but it's not big enough to shift the entire business. So as we have said before, the second half what we need to do and will do at the end of this year, as Bina said, is to reformulate and repackage from a design point of view our base Science Diet line to contain ingredients that natural users want and shout out those ingredients on our package. And so while we expect to continue to see organic growth this year, I think as we have said before, we expect to return to positive volume growth in 2013 behind the continued growth of Ideal Balance and more importantly, from an overall business point of view, that upgrade of the entire Science Diet line.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Bill Chappell with SunTrust.
Sarah Miller: This is Sarah Miller filling in for Bill this morning. My question is on -- it seems like there's kind of been cost initiatives and some smaller restructuring programs over time, but this program seems like it's kind of a little bit different, and I'm just wondering if there was a certain genesis behind the program, what could have brought it to light now and just the drivers behind that.
Ian M. Cook: But let's talk about the program. The other programs youre talking about were really opportunistic actions taken to lower our structural cost at a time when we got a one-time gain from divesting a small business. This program, which is a global growth and efficiency program, is obviously more strategic in nature and, as I said earlier, is the result of over a year's study, thinking about how we should best organize ourselves, how we should best invest behind growing the business for the next 5 to 10 years. So it's genesis, to use your word, with a strategic genesis and the content is really taking around the world structures and capabilities that we have had in place in some geographies for a long period of time have validated, know they work and know how to get them done. So this is moving our global structure to a place that we think will make us sustainably competitive for the next 5-plus years. That was the genesis.
Operator: And we'll go next to Wendy Nicholson with Citi Investment Research.
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: My question is a follow-up on that. And if I look back over history, I thought you're -- kind of once was a day that Reuben really prided himself and a big point of what made Colgate so special was that programs like this were sort of considered part of doing business every day, and Colgate never used to take extraordinary charges and that was something that really distinguished the company. And I wonder if something has changed culturally because these are huge charges. And obviously, everybody cares about pro forma earnings and I get that. But still on a GAAP basis, your earnings will not have grown for an awfully long time given the magnitude of the charges. And so I guess number one -- maybe that's just a statement about how difficult the macro is. But number one, can you talk about that philosophy? Should we start to think of Colgate as a company that's going to take big charges every 5, 7 or 10 years, something like that? So it's a little bit of a different story. But second thing, when you talk about how difficult the external environment is, can you tell us is that 2/3 of the macro and the consumer and the economic environment and 1/3 of the competitive situation, or is it the opposite? I mean, what is making the macro more difficult so that you'd take such big charges now?
Ian M. Cook: Yes. Well first of all, Wendy, I take exception to the point that we have not done these things in the past. We have a record of having taken significant restructuring activities not every 3 to 5 years, but usually in an 8- to 10-year cycle. And again, as we tried to say earlier, I mean, your question searches for an underlying problem that forces the action to be taken now, and we don't view it that way. We view it that the world is certainly fast changing and volatile. We view it that we want to prepare ourselves to continue to deliver that sustained growth both on the top line and the bottom line over time. And we believe we have enough validation and the capacity to get this done in a compressed period of time to make us better able to compete in the world for the longer term. So that was the thinking behind it.
Operator: And our next question comes from Caroline Levy with CLSA.
Caroline S. Levy - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: And I had to hop off for a second, so I hope we haven't addressed this already. But just looking at Latin America, certainly versus what I have expected, it was a little worse than I've been hoping for, particularly the top line, and appears -- there's been a market where you've been beating, I think, what everybody thought was possible on sales, both volume and pricing, and that seemed to slow. And I know you've pulled on great margin performance, but can you talk a little bit about the environment there and -- if there's anything that's changing, or is this slowdown relative to the very strong double-digit growth over the past 5 quarters? Is this a one-off?
Ian M. Cook: Well, the -- you got them.
Caroline S. Levy - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: I was looking at the organic growth rate.
Ian M. Cook: Yes, yes, as am I. The answer is, I guess, twofold. Number one, if you look at the year-on-year comparison, the first 2 quarters were up against lesser performance in 2011, and the third quarter comes up against mid-teen, double-digit growth rates in the back half of 2011. And we still think that in that context, 9% is good. You heard from Bina that the share performance is good. Clearly, Venezuela is a little bit of a drag as you would expect, but the other geographies are performing extremely well, and Venezuela is to plan. So I don't think there's anything untoward. We have fairly consistently said that we think high-single digit, low-double digit is the kind of level you should expect from that geography.
Operator: And we'll go next to Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just really quick. The path work that you've done on the shared service center in Europe and the hubbing of regions, I guess I was wondering if you could remind us how much of that in the past was funded through restructuring or one-time charges to get that in place, or if it was done just in the course of operations and over time?
Ian M. Cook: It varied. In the early days, we definitely ran it more through the income statement because we were moving quite slowly, giving ourselves the confidence that the hubs would give us what we thought they would give us, which is better capability to win on the ground at the same time with lower cost. Some we have run through prior restructurings. And in this case, now having it in geographies -- in most of our geographic regions, we're taking it in a charge because we think we can deploy it more quickly than the 15-plus years we have had hubbing in place.
Operator: And our next question comes from Javier Escalante with Consumer Edge Research.
Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Sorry for going back to the restructuring and the savings data. First, I would like to understand whether -- and it's the same question, when is the confirmation whether the saving programs are going to be on top of beyond Funding the Growth or you're replacing it? And in the case that it's not replacing it, that is on top and beyond Funding the Growth, if you step back, you have -- this would be your third layer of savings. You have first, Funding the Growth, which is about $600 million. And then you have supply and demand synchronization, which is another $100 million. And then you're going to have another $45 million in savings because of this restructuring in 2013. So that is about $745 million in savings. This is over 4 points of margin expansion. And the question has to do -- can the organization -- can manage so much pressure to generate and take so much cost out of the system? Is -- kind of, I guess it has to do with the reaction to the timing of the restructuring and how ambitious all these 3 savings programs on their own merit are?
Ian M. Cook: Okay, Javier. Well actually, now that you've given me the introduction to the Funding the Growth, why don't I just do the customary walk-through on the gross profit margin, which would save that question being asked relative now to the third quarter, obviously the prior-year gross profit was 56.8%. We picked up a 1.1 point benefit from pricing, a 2.2 benefit from Funding the Growth savings, again, in line with the curve of last year. Material prices were a negative 1.8 points, and then there was minor pickup of 0.3 from other, which is the walk-through to the 180 points improvement. Now coming back to your broader strategic question, I guess you have to break these things into 3 different component elements. Funding the Growth is a program we have had in place in this company for many, many years. And whilst it is comprehensive, it -- by which I mean it doesn't just touch gross margin, a large part of it is gross margin, and that program will continue because it is part of the culture of the company, because it is part of our year-on-year savings program. Synchronizing the supply and demand, again, is really squeezing waste out of a process, which is eliminating redundancy and doesn't bring pressure to the business. The new program, again, is not predominantly a margin benefit. It, when you look at it with hubs, with shared services, with reduced facilities, is going to hit more in the SGA area. And that's what we have been talking about for quite a while, which is -- with the slowing growth in the world in general, lowering structural cost is an important part of how to organize the company. Again, it will require a changed management. I think we have demonstrated with the prior programs we have conducted that we have the focus to do it. And the content of the program, the hubs, the shared service centers and the facility and manufacturing facility rationalization, these are all things we know how to do. We have validated them before, and we believe now is the right time to do it from a position of strength and readying us for the future and balancing what we believe we need to do to sustain top line and bottom line growth for that future.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jason Gere with RBC Capital Markets.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Most of the bigger picture questions have been asked. So I mean -- maybe you could just talk a little bit about the promotional environment. I think it was only a quarter ago that we heard one of your competitors, kind of talking about some of the, I guess, offensive spending that was out there for trial building, that there might be a little bit more defensive spending coming about. So just, I guess, really focusing on Western Europe and North America, how your outlook has changed maybe over the last 3 months? Anything there just coinciding with maybe some of the more tempered global market views on those regions.
Ian M. Cook: Yes. I must say thus far, nothing of -- nothing meaningful for me to say in terms of change. We continue to see promotional emphasis from folks. And in North America, we've just been pleased in our ability to continue to generate both price and volume in the third quarter. But no significant change in that environment.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Ali Dibadj with Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: I first wanted to really praise the preemptive restructuring announcement. I think it's good you're doing it now and you're responding to the headwinds instead of waiting like the company used to do. However, I want to get a sense of what I think is kind of the positive returns on the restructurings are around 3 things. Like the first, the 30% return over several years is actually relatively low given your history. So 2004 restructuring, I think, was a 50% return, just quick, quick math. And it was even higher for previous ones. So it feels like you're just kind of squeezing the lemon too much, and are you? Secondly, is -- this is kind of what you need to do to grow double digits in 2013. So what should we infer about what your view is on the global marketplace going forward? Understanding that's changing, but what does that really mean? And then third -- and pardon me for this, I apologize. But if you put it altogether, as you think about your long-term growth, isn't Colgate just being a little bit stubborn? And by the way, maybe other competitors have done this, so you joined the crowd, but a little bit stubborn about double-digit EPS growth? How are you going to convince us that you're still a double-digit EPS growth company on a sustainable basis because you're doing a big restructuring to just get there? And to be fair, again, I'm not sure anybody in this sector is really double-digit EPS grower sustainably. So a lot in there, but a lot in my head in thinking about this.
Ian M. Cook: Well, as usual, Ali, thanks for the single question. I guess in the end, the double digit is going to come down to performance. And of course, you and others will track that as you track that. But to come back in sequence, number one, we do not think we're squeezing the lemon. In fact, the rates of return we got on prior restructurings were in that low- to mid-30% level, and this is entirely consistent with that kind of benchmark. We view it as again, to repeat, what we need to do to reorganize our company to compete effectively, perhaps compete stubbornly, over the medium to long term. We believe and have validated the structure of hubs where for smaller countries, you can bring big country capability, which arms the folks on the ground with the tools they need to continue to win by growing market share and volume on the ground. We believe in shared services centers because we have done it with our IT organization 10 years ago. We know it works. We did it 5 years ago in Europe and Poland. We know we get immediate savings. We then get second order savings as you simplify your process. And then, you get third order savings as you bring additional functions and capabilities through the shared service centers. And in the manufacturing and facility space, that is a continuation of a journey that we have been on for over 15 years, all of it facilitated by SAP and our growing capability to use SAP. So it is a strategic view about how we need to organize. So turning to 2013, that wasn't the way we viewed it. The way we have approached 2013 is to say that we expect to grow the top line of our company by 6% to 7% organic, which we think stands up to any comparison and at the same time, deliver double-digit dollar earnings per share growth in that 10% to 11% range. And we will deploy the savings we get from the program by geography, by activity, as we see necessary. And we think reaching this new organization structure as we get to 2016, 2017 will position us sustainably to deliver consistent top line growth and that double-digit bottom line growth, and the folks will see the measure of it then.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Connie Maneaty with BMO Capital Markets.
Constance Marie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I just have a point of clarification. On your outlook for next year, 10% dollar EPS growth, what's the base we should be using? Is it the 2012 reported EPS, or is it the currency neutral? And then my real question is on the restructuring. You've said that you'll reduce the headcount by about 6%. Could you tell us what the timing of that is? And also, how many facilities will be changed or touched or closed during this process?
Ian M. Cook: To answer your first housekeeping question, Connie, it's the reported EPS. As to the second question, in terms of when the headcount reductions will take place, the answer is no. Those plans have not yet been finalized or communicated, and that would be premature. And in the case of the facilities, I think it would be fair to say that by the time we finish the program, we will have 10% fewer facilities approximately than the 54 we have today.
Operator: And our next question comes from Joe Lachky with Wells Fargo Securities.
Joe Lachky - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I was just wanting to talk about your overall strategy, I guess in dealing kind of specifically with competition in emerging markets. And given your strong share in many of these markets, how do you specifically defend share of, like, say, rural areas or the high-frequency stores where you guys are prevalent in? And do you do anything differently, I guess, in your execution? I asked this within context of a major competitor in a major Latin American country, making a push into these rural areas.
Ian M. Cook: Yes. The most important point in all of this, Joe, is the consumer, and we should never forget that. And you'll find in many of these high-frequency stores, you can be there, but they're so small that you can't. You're not self-selecting the product. The shop owner is giving you the product that you ask for. And if you go to these stores, whether it's in India or in Latin America, Brazil, Mexico, the product they'll be asking for is Colgate. So that would be one. Number two, we would have the broadest assortment of toothpaste products available in those stores, and we have for many, many years had sizing and pricing that is particularly really tailored for those stores to acquaint to cash and pocket, cash outlay, what the consumer can afford. But the heart of it is loyalty versus presence. And the important thing in the high frequency down trade stores is the consumer loyalty that we have, which in many cases, despite the push, will not see new entrants distributed because the shopkeeper doesn't have any demand for the product.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Chris Ferrera with Bank of America.
Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I just wanted to ask about SG&A for the quarter. So it was up, I guess, 60 basis points. It's a little bit of a different result than what we've seen over the last, I don't know, 6 or 7 quarters, so it's a little higher. Is there anything unusual going on in that line item in the quarter? And then on advertising, do you feel like we're at kind of a good rate of growth on the advertising line?
Ian M. Cook: Thanks, Chris. No. And the overhead is not really -- part of it is the non-cost of goods transaction impact rolling forward, and then it's the timing of some benefit expenses. So a timing issue, not a structural issue. And advertising, yes, we're quite happy with the advertising level we have. I've said for quite a time now, in some parts of the world, even though we don't focus on it, there are a lot of programs that are managed through the so-called gross to net, the trade spending dollar which leads to in-store activity which, in today's world, particularly in the developed parts of our world, is where engaging with the consumer is very, very important. But in the traditional A&P that you see, yes, we're quite happy with that level. Frankly, with the stream of innovation we have coming into next year and as we go through our budgeting cycle, we'll be looking to take that up.
Operator: And our next question comes from Alice Longley with Buckingham Research.
Alice Beebe Longley - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Your organic sales growth was 5% and yet, you're still guiding to 6% to 7% for next year and holding to your longer-term targets there. Why were you below that this quarter, and why should we expect that to get better next year? And then also -- and should we see an improvement in the fourth quarter? And then, tied to this, I know you said that you're seeing your categories slow some, and you gave us what you think -- how fast you think your categories are growing in Europe, emerging regions and North America. Can you tell us how fast you think -- given the weighted average, how fast your categories are growing globally and how fast were you thinking the categories are growing? So in other words -- so we can see the magnitude of the slowdown that you're seeing.
Ian M. Cook: The -- thanks, Alice. The -- if you look at the 9 months, we guided to 6% to 7% organic for this year. I remember when we did, some said that was too aggressive. If you look at the 9 months, with the third quarter coming up against a tough comparison last year, our 9-months organic growth is running at about 6.5%. And I would tell you that we continue to guide for the full year to the 6% to 7% level. As regards to the category growth rates, I kind of went through them before, high-single digits in the emerging markets, which are about 53% of our business and low-single digits. I characterized Europe as 1% to 2%, nearer 1%; and the U.S. as the same 1% to 2%. But there's really been no change in those category growth rates, so that has what -- that is what has driven the business next year, and that is what we expect to continue to see next year. And what gives us the confidence is the continued flow-through of our innovation pipeline into 2013 and the effectiveness of many of the marketing programs that we have and, of course, the return to positive volume on the Hill's business.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Faucher with JPMorgan.
John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Sorry to belabor all of this. I guess -- as we look at this, I'm trying to figure out 1 of 2 questions here. The first would be is simply -- is this simply a cost of doing business going up this year right in terms of running harder to stick with the, let's say, the 6% to 7% growth because the cost of doing business has higher advertising or what have you? Or is this simply sort of a reflection that the old model of delivering operating leverage doesn't work anymore? Okay. Where it was categories grow x, you gain a little bit of share to grow y and then just sort of automatically deliver leverage. And I don't -- I agree with you if that's the case that it doesn't work anymore. So I guess where in the P&L are we seeing that breakdown? Is it just the higher raw material costs? Is it the inability to take as much pricing going forward? Or is it again something on the SG&A? So hopefully that question makes sense.
Ian M. Cook: I'm not sure. So let me try and answer it in the same spirit that it was given, John. I guess if you break the program down into 2 bits, the why are we doing it bit and the why are we doing it bit really strategically is more about how we think we should be best organized to manage our business for the medium to long-term. To repeat, we believe in the power of hubs and we validated it. We believe with the technology available to us today and the servicing ability of shared service centers, and so we are expanding it. And we have the ability to further reduce our facilities sourcing our global business. So for us, these are the right things to do. And the why now, the why now is we believe the company is in a strong position. And this is the ideal time to expand structures that we have had in place for a long period of time. I think it would be fair to say, when we talk about a fast-changing world, that we have seen a slowdown in category growth rates, particularly in the developed world. And if you take a jaundiced macro view, is there going to be spillover of that into the emerging markets. So we still expect that 6% to 7% organic growth. We still expect to grow market share, but you're doing it in a world where the rate of category growth, particularly in the developed parts of that world, have slowed. And therefore, as we have said for some time, we believe re-basing the structural cost is an important part of how we go about managing our business.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Linda Bolton-Weiser with Caris.
Linda Bolton-Weiser - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: I was wondering if you could give a little more commentary on Hill's. It seems that for, I don't know, kind of a few years now, we've been hearing about sort of a sluggish growth and then changes or tweaks to some of the marketing strategies. And now we're hearing Science Diet relaunch and everything. But it's just -- it's hard to get a grasp of exactly what's going on. Is it something in the channel -- like, is the channel shifting from the specialty channel more toward regular retail channels, or are you losing market share? Like -- can you just give a little more color what's going on, please?
Ian M. Cook: Sure, Linda. First of all, we'll split out Hill's business into 2 parts. There is a Prescription Diet business. Those are diets that are specifically for pets with health issues that are prescribed by vets. We have a 70% recommendation level, a 70% market share and that business is fine. As we have been saying for a time, we have been unable, unsuccessful thus far in competing in what has become the fastest-growing, quite large segment in the category, which is the Naturals segment. We had offers there, a product called Nature's Best, but the consumer had a disconnect with this idea of Science Diet and a Natural's product and the trial and repeat rates were low and we withdrew the product. Our first step into that category was the product we have talked about, again, for a little while, which is Ideal Balance. And Ideal Balance is what it purports to be, which is it doesn't give up the heritage of Hill's Science, but it's just it's balanced with the ingredients that a natural -- a Naturals user would want. And that's working for us. It's working for us in terms of the trial we're getting, in terms of the business growth we're getting and in terms of the new users we're bringing from the Naturals segment. It's not big enough to turn the whole business. And in fact, I'm just hearing about the Science Diet relaunch now. We have been saying for a while that we were working to completely relaunch our Science Diet business at the end of this year, which across the line would therefore give the consumers the ingredients they would be looking for. And that, as it works its way through 2013, we think is going to complete the job and get the business back on to a positive volume track. So the proof of the pudding will be in 2013.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jon Andersen with William Blair.
Jon Andersen - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Sorry if this has been asked, I just jumped on recently. With respect to the efficiency program, the press release indicates clearly there are ample opportunities through the structural cost through it. But also, you called out the benefit that should enable you to help drive your market share position and support sustained sales growth. To what degree might you reinvest some of the benefits you've outlined here? And if so, where would those investments most likely be directed?
Ian M. Cook: Well, Jon, yes, the -- you know the areas we are focused on. We actually called out 4 areas of investment of those funds. And the first obviously was innovation and brand building. The second was enabling technology and analytics, and we have been talking for a little while about -- it is our belief that analytics is a new area of discriminating competence for companies like ours. The third would be continuing to explore and expand our use of digital engagement with customers, with consumers, with suppliers. And finally, continuing to strengthen our capability in the emerging markets to underscore the distribution, the in-store visibility that our products have in those parts of the world. So again, we'll be doing it on a case-by-case basis, by activity, by country as we work through this. But they are the 4 principal areas of potential reinvestment.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Astrachan with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: So one follow-up or just a housekeeping question. From an input cost standpoint, anything you call out, particularly for next year, in terms of how you think it progresses and what your assumptions are for oil? And then, on the restructuring program and cost savings, broadly if you would think about it longer term, how does this compare, or how does this change your assumptions for gross margins as far as your long-term targets are concerned more specifically? And then obviously, if you could give us some color on the SG&A piece beyond what you've laid out, that'd be helpful. Otherwise, I understand that you probably won't.
Ian M. Cook: No. So let's answer that quickly, no, I won't. The -- but getting to your questions, frankly again, we're at the preliminary stages of our budget. But the preliminary look would be in the -- from a cost point of view would be in a 1% to 2% range. That's kind of consistent with what we have seen this year. So that would be the macro view and that would be with oil at an assumed 110, and it would also assume a bit of a headwind from corn, which obviously affects our Hill's business. From a gross margin point of view, we continue to hold the same, plus or minus 5-year goal of getting our gross margin into the mid-60s. So that continues to be the way we think about it. And of course, the 110, coming back to the oil, is obviously the brand, not the West Texas.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Ian Gordon with S&P Capital IQ.
Ian J. Gordon - S&P Equity Research: Just on housekeeping. So the FX impact on sales was a negative 6%. Was it the same on EPS? And then just can you dig into Europe a little bit? I think this was the first quarter in a while where organic volumes were down. So what's changed there? Was it the competitive environment? It doesn't look like it was a year-over-year comparison issue.
Ian M. Cook: The -- coming back, the -- as we've said several times before, the impact of foreign exchange on the top line -- I'm sorry, on the bottom line is greater than the impact on the top line. So we faced a headwind of around 8% on the bottom line relative to foreign exchange. And in terms of Europe, Europe has always been a difficult environment. The -- candidly, for the last half a dozen quarters, organic growth has run negative in Europe and so the third quarter is no different than that. Obviously when you look at Europe, there clearly is a difference between the North and the South where in the Iberia's, the Italy's and the Greece's, you are seeing lower category growth rates.
Operator: Next, we have a follow-up question from Ali Dibadj with Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: So Ian, we've obviously [indiscernible] disagreed a little bit about Hill's in the past. And then it sounds like the changes you're making are very much in the right direction, but they're bigger changes than at least what I thought you guys have thought about before and again, that's good. But I'm trying to figure out the costing of it. So look, corn meal costs a whole ton less than corn let alone than chicken or meat. You need to market this. You need to get perhaps different distribution, or at least get shelf space back and take your other things off of the marketplace with discounting, et cetera. So can you give us a sense of the costing of this, and what we should expect from a run rate on your margin in this business given that these are higher cost inputs?
Ian M. Cook: Well when you look at the business, you know that the gross margin of Hill's is quite attractive to us. You are correct that moving to these formulas does bring with them a cost. But again, I come back to the overall company and say that, that is baked into our thinking in 2013 and beyond. And again, we're looking at the top line of 6% to 7%, and we're looking at that bottom line EPS growth of 10% to 11%, and the impact on the Hill's gross margin is easily manageable in that framework.
Operator: And next, we'll go again to Connie Maneaty with BMO Capital Markets.
Constance Marie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: My question was answered.
Operator: We do have one follow-up question from Alice Longley with Buckingham Research.
Alice Beebe Longley - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Two things. Is it possible -- this is a follow-up to the Hill's question. Is it possible that you'll change the pack size for Hill's and make them smaller as a way to address the higher cost and price this smaller pack size as the same as the bigger ones now?
Ian M. Cook: The straightforward answer, Alice, is no. The Hill's issue is not a pricing issue, it's a formulation issue in this particular case. So that's where we need to focus.
Operator: And as we have no further questions in queue, I'd like to turn the call back over to our speakers for any further or closing remarks.
Ian M. Cook: Okay. Well, thanks for all of you calling in. It's good to have the opportunity to talk about the business today and our plans for the future. And again, for all of those Colgate people listening on the call, thank you for your efforts. We obviously have a chapter ahead of us, and we'll get the job done. Thank you.
Operator: And that does conclude today's presentation. We thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-26 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Bina H. Thompson - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Ian M. Cook - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
Analysts: Nik Modi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Caroline S. Levy - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Alice Beebe Longley - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research, LLC Joseph Altobello - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Ian Gordon Joe Lachky - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division Constance Marie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Linda Bolton-Weiser - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Jon Andersen - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company's Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgatepalmolive.com. [Operator Instructions] At this time, for opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to the Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Bina H. Thompson: Ian Cook, Chairman, President and CEO; Dennis Hickey, CFO; Victoria Dolan, Corporate Controller; and Elaine Paik, Treasurer. This conference call will include forward-looking statements, and these statements are made on the basis of our views and assumptions as of this time and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual events or results may differ materially from these statements. For information about certain factors that could cause such differences, investors should consult our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on our website, including the information set forth under the captions Risk Factors and Cautionary Statement on Forward-Looking Statements. We will discuss organic sales growth, excluding foreign exchange, acquisitions and divestitures. We will also discuss gross profit, operating profit, net income and earnings per share, excluding the impact of the onetime items described in the press release. A full reconciliation with the corresponding GAAP measures is included in the press release and is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.colgatepalmolive.com We're very pleased with our second quarter results, particularly in light of an increasingly unpredictable global economy. Of particular note is our organic sales growth, which was positive in every division and up double-digit in the emerging markets, accelerating from the first quarter's strong pace. The total company organic sales growth of 8% reflected a good balance between volume of 4.5% and price of 3.5%. Our market shares are strong around the world, and our categories are growing. Even in the developed markets, we see category growth, albeit modest. And we believe we have the right strategies and plans in place for 2012 and beyond. As you know, 1 of our 4 strategic initiatives is innovation for growth, and that focus has been one of the key drivers of our top line momentum. You'll hear more about recent launches as well as new products to come when we go through the divisions. Gross margin increased 50 basis points and continues to be higher than the fourth quarter of last year. The increase was somewhat less than previously anticipated due primarily to higher foreign exchange transaction costs from a rapidly strengthening dollar during the quarter. However, we expect gross margin to increase sequentially in the third and fourth quarter, and to be up within our targeted range of 75 to 125 basis points for the full year. Our increase in margin and control of overheads has allowed us to increase advertising, both absolutely and as a percent of sales, as we told you we would. And with EPS as expected, overall a healthy income statement. Earnings per share increased 6% and was up strong double-digit on a currency-neutral basis. Our balance sheet remains strong, both inventory and receivable days declined year-over-year and our free cash flow before dividends increased 8%. So then let's turn to the divisions. First, starting with North America. Our business in North America remains solid. Our categories are still growing, and we are growing even faster. Both for the quarter and on a year-to-date basis, our all-outlet market shares are up in toothpaste, manual toothbrushes, liquid hand soaps, bar soaps, body wash, all-purpose cleaners and fabric conditioner. Our strong advertising support behind a broad array of new products has helped drive these results. We're very pleased with the continued strong performance of Colgate Optic White toothpaste and are very excited about the launch this quarter of Colgate Optic White mouthwash to complete the existing regimen of toothpaste and toothbrush. This mouthwash, our first entry into the U.S. market, effectively whitens teeth and freshens breath. The alcohol-free formula helps prevent -- protect against future stains and reaches hard-to-brush areas. It kills bad breath germs, while being enamel-safe. Reception by the trade has been excellent. In addition to the mouthwash, we're also launching Colgate Optic White enamel white toothpaste, which fortifies enamel through mineralization for strong teeth while providing a whitening benefit. This bundle addresses a large segment of whitening users and nonusers who fear long-term enamel damage. Enamel variance grew 22% in 2011 and now represent almost 6% of the toothpaste market. In personal care, in both liquid hand soap and body wash, we are expanding our fragrant footprint with Softsoap Pampered Hands Coconut Lime Foaming Hand Soap and Softsoap Citrus Splash & Berry Fusion body wash. The body washes are created with real fruit extracts and best-in-class, wake-me-up fragrances, along with strong, invigorating graphics to help differentiate the products on the shelf. In the dish liquid category, we're launching Palmolive Fresh Infusions. This new line addresses the mass market consumers' desire for affordable luxuries. The line has premium looking packaging combined with naturally inspired fragrances: lemon thyme, ginger white tea and lime basil. Priced at a premium to a regular Palmolive dish liquid, the product also is expected to deliver category growth for our customers. Europe/South Pacific. The macroeconomic environment in Europe continues to be difficult, with low consumer confidence and high unemployment in many countries. But despite that, we were able to achieve positive volume and organic sales growth. And as well, the decline in price largely the result of increased in-store activity, was the lowest it has been in 10 quarters. And we're still seeing growth across many of our categories, albeit at a modest pace. As referenced in the press release, we are increasing our strong oral care market shares in much of the region. And as you would expect, we have a rich array of new products planned for the balance of the year to continue to grow share and volume. In the oral care category, we'll be relaunching our Colgate Max White One line in the impactful red packaging that has been used so successfully in both the U.S. as Colgate Optic White and in Latin America as Colgate Luminous. The bundle will include toothpaste, toothbrush and mouthwash. As you would expect, there will be fully integrated marketing to support the bundle's benefit of "one shade whiter in one week that lasts." To address the problem that 3 out of 4 people may suffer from gum problems, we are also launching a full regimen to fight gum problems. Colgate Total Pro Gum Health, which includes toothpaste, toothbrush, mouth rinse and interdental devices. The toothpaste is proven to reduce gum problems by up to 88%. A relaunch of our professional line of mouthwashes transitioning to cylindrical bottles will offer a more modern and cleaner presentation, while at the same time, representing a Funding-the-growth opportunity. In personal care, we're rolling out a range reinvention for both our Palmolive Naturals shower gel line with new and improved packaging, new formulas and new innovative variance as well as for our Palmolive men's shower gel. Under our recently acquired Sanex brand, we will introduce double protect deodorant for men, approved by dermatologists. This provides highly effective 48-hour protection against body odor caused by everyday stress as well as wetness caused by physical activity. Another line of Sanex deodorants under the Zero% brand will continue to be rolled out across the regions. This has natural mineral alum to provide natural efficacy. Latin America. The strong growth momentum continues throughout Latin America. Organic sales growth accelerated from the first quarter to over 15%, despite a much more difficult year-over-year comparison. Market shares increased year-over-year in virtually every category, the only exception being deodorant, where we were level with the year-ago period and hair care, where we declined modestly. Our strong growth in toothpaste market share, up 130 basis points year-over-year to 79.2%, is driven by innovation. Colgate Luminous White, launched in Brazil and Mexico in October, reached 5.4% and 5.7%, respectively, in year-to-date national readings. We expanded the bundle this year to Argentina, Colombia, Chile, Uruguay, Central America and Peru. Colgate Luminous White now accounts for 3% of the market across the region with only one SKU. Our regional manual toothbrush share increased 130 basis points year-over-year. We are market leaders everywhere but Mexico, where we are fast closing the gap. Our share there is at 41.9% year-to-date, with the latest reading at 43.4%. Regional mouthwash market shares are up 530 basis points on a year-to-date basis to 37.5%, with the latest reading at 37.9%. So we expect the momentum to continue in this region as we introduce more innovation into the market in the second half across categories. Colgate Total Professional Gum Health toothpaste, mentioned earlier for Europe, was successfully launched in Brazil in the first quarter and is now being launched in Mexico, where our toothpaste market share is now over 83%. This month in Brazil, we're launching Colgate Luminous White Enamel Shine Gel, with a similar positioning to the enamel variance we are launching in the U.S. market. In personal care, we're launching a line of Palmolive Naturals pomegranate across bath and shower gel liquid hand soap and bar soap. We also have some exciting new products in the deodorant category later in the year. And in home care, we are introducing Fabuloso, our all-purpose cleaner, with an even higher fragrance level to provide more fragrance all day. This should help continue to drive our strong regional cleaner share of 24%. Greater Asia/Africa. Organic sales in this region were strong, up 12% as in Latin America, an acceleration from the excellent first quarter results. Across Asia, as referenced in our press release, toothpaste shares are strong. In India, our year-to-date market share is up to 52.8%, with the most recent reading at 53.8%. Both lower priced as well as premium priced variance contributed to the share growth, increasing consumption in the rural, as well as urban areas. In China, our toothpaste share climbed to 33.7%, up 150 basis points on a year-to-date basis. Both tea flavored and whitening toothpaste variants are meeting with success in that vast market. We've spoken to you before about success in the mouthwash category, and that continues, particularly as we expand Colgate Plax Fresh Tea mouthwash across the region. This new product was first launched in China in March of last year. And in the first half of this year expanded to Thailand, Hong Kong, The Philippines, Vietnam, India and Malaysia. The launch has been supported by a fully-integrated marketing campaign, including trial-generating sampling programs, and has added incremental shares. Our overall mouthwash share is up to 20.5% in the latest period from 10.8% in 2009. Our recent launch in Thailand, for instance, drove our share from 16.1% to 21.2%, with Plax Fresh Tea accounting for 3 full share points. And we've had similar success in Hong Kong and The Philippines. Building on these strong results, we will continue to roll out the bundle to other countries in the region in the second half of this year. Another successful innovation in oral care is our Slim Soft toothbrush. The tapered bristle segment is the fastest-growing segment in Asia and has a very big presence in Thailand. Therefore, this was a lead market and we launched there in April of this year. We've achieved over a 3 share in 3 months since the launch, with an increase in our overall share as well. In-store activities, which contributed to this success, were planogram placement next to the leading competitor, product testers, off-shelf display and toothbrush consultants who explained the product benefits. Follow-on countries in the quarter were China, Taiwan, Singapore and Hong Kong, and we expect to launch it in other countries in greater Asia and Africa in the second half of this year. Hill's. As in every other division, Hill's delivered organic sales growth in the quarter. Our new product launches are beginning to bear fruit, and we'll have more activity throughout the second half of the year. Here in the U.S., our recent launch of Science Diet Ideal Balance has met the objective of positioning us better to compete against the natural segment. The product is now in full distribution and benefiting from the launch of companion Ideal Balance treats in the month of June. In the Pet Superstores, 55% of Ideal Balance consumers are new to the Hill's brand and coming from natural brands. In addition, in the U.S., we will be relaunching our entire Science Diet line with a more consumer-friendly ingredient profile. For example, the diet will not contain any byproducts. Across Europe, we will be relaunching our Science Plan line with a much improved taste profile. As you know, Prescription Diet is also an important part of our business here in the U.S., where our products are recommended 7:1 by veterinarians. We've told you previously about Prescription Diet y/d with breakthrough technology for thyroid health in cats. Launched both here and across Europe, it has met with great success in the veterinary community and further built our credibility in the area of therapeutic nutrition. Another successful new product is Prescription Diet i/d, low fat for gastrointestinal health. Shipments and distribution are way ahead of our expectations, and we plan additional distribution-driving activities for the balance of the year. So in summary, we're delighted that the strong momentum from the first quarter has continued into the second quarter of 2012, particularly given the uncertain macroeconomic conditions around the world. Our solid second quarter results reflect the ongoing success of our 4 strategic initiatives: getting close to the consumer, the customer and the professions; being more efficient and effective in everything we do; continuing to deliver innovative new products around the world; and building a strong team of leaders for today and tomorrow. We look forward to sharing our continued progress throughout the balance of the year. And now, Brian, we would like to open up the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go first to Nik Modi with UBS.
Nik Modi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just, Ian, would love your thoughts -- I mean, the top line was phenomenal. I'm sure share gains have to do with a lot of that. Can you kind of parse out what's going on in the category, just sequentially? And obviously, a lot of talk about consumer slowdown globally, et cetera, et cetera, just curious what some of the category consumer dynamics were and how much you think the share gains really contributed to the top line effort this quarter?
Ian M. Cook: Thanks for the question, Nik. As Bina closed in her summary remarks, we do believe that it is the full strategic initiatives that we have, the innovation that flows from them and the quality of our integrated marketing programs that is driving the top line growth of the company. Obviously, it is a blend between market share and category growth. You probably recall that about 53% of our business mix today is in the emerging markets. And as we have said before, the pace of growth in our categories in those markets is high-single digits, and we continue to see that pace of growth sustained through the second quarter. As we commented on the last call, obviously, category growth in Europe is extremely modest, very-low-single digits, in some cases flat. But as we've also said before, that's not a new phenomenon. That's built into our plans, and we're actually quite pleased with the volume and organic and sequentially improving pricing in Europe and the share gains behind it. And here in the U.S., as Bina said, we have outpaced the also modest, low-single-digit category growth in the United States continuing to build the market share, as Bina commented, and it is a combination of all of those factors that is driving the organic growth of the company. And it is that which gives us the confidence to say that we stand by our objective of 6% to 7% organic growth rate for the full year of 2012.
Operator: We'll go next to Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.
Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So, Ian, I guess following up on that question, I was looking for a bit more granularity in Latin America, specifically, where you saw a very strong top line acceleration despite slightly more difficult comparisons. So can you give us a rundown on -- specifically in Latin America, what drove the acceleration down there and your thoughts on the balance of the year and the sustainability of that?
Ian M. Cook: Yes. It's -- again, we were very pleased. I remember there were some questioning when we talked about the first quarter on Latin America, whether we could continue at the pace, particularly given the tough comparisons second quarter on. Again, as I think Bina commented, it is largely to do with our innovation stream and the consumers' reaction to that and to the marketing that is bringing those products to the consumer, whether it's Optic White; whether it's Sensitive Pro-Relief, where we now lead in half of the Latin countries; whether it's that continued share progress on toothbrushes, with leadership in Mexico, the next objective. And consistent with our 6% to 7% organic growth for the total company for the year, as we have said before, we see double-digit organic growth for Latin America this year as well.
Operator: And we'll go next to Caroline Levy with CLSA.
Caroline S. Levy - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions. The first is, are you seeing any increased discounting in North America or elsewhere where a competitor have lost share and has sort of committed to getting it back, have you seen that happen? And can you give us a little more detail on Venezuela, Brazil, Mexico, just any macro or micro trends that you could highlight there?
Ian M. Cook: By all means. Again, as we said on the last call, we have seen, I would say, a slight moderation of competitive activity around the world. But competitors who have lost market share, we continue to see that level being intense. We have seen, in some categories around the world, media investment reduced from some of those principal competitors. And perhaps in a drive for short-term volume in selective markets, a step-up in promotional activity. Latin America, for example, in some countries, promotional levels as they have been running 3x our level, but we still see our market shares growing because the consumer is looking for value, and it's value through innovation that builds market share. And so I can't say that worldwide, the discounting is lessening overall. I would say there is a trend to that. And I would also say, from our side, we are benefiting from integrated marketing programs that are actually happening in retail environments, particularly in the developed world. And those programs are brand-building programs, even though they are expensed between growth and net sales in trade spending. Turning to Latin America, obviously, we're extremely pleased with our continued progress. In Brazil, we see our market share pushing through 72% on toothpaste. We see the competitor flat in that 5% to 6% range, again, driven by innovation. In Mexico, our year-to-date share is around 83%, competitors holding in between 11% and 12%. There has, specifically in Mexico, been a step-up in promotional activity. We've seen competitors -- or a specific competitor promoting at 80% level year-to-date, in some months at a 90% level, and yet, we are still building market share. And in Venezuela, obviously, we executed the pricing changes that were mandated by the government. We continue to make about 85% of the volume we sell. We have rationalized and simplified our offerings down to key SKUs, and our market shares are doing very well. I think as I said the last time, we have about a 96%, 97% share on toothpaste, which is quite pleasing. And that really, for us, for the year so far and for the year to go, is what our focus is. Our focus is on getting done what we have agreed to get done in 2012, which is to bring the innovation that the consumer values, to put the appropriate investment behind that innovation and to generate the funding from our productivity programs. And I would say, so far, that is working globally, and specific to your question in Latin America as well.
Operator: We'll go next to Christopher Ferrara with Merrill Lynch.
Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Ian, can you talk a little bit about what portion of your FX profit drag hits gross profit or COGS as opposed to SG&A? Because you're obviously maintaining that gross margin target. I'm just trying to understand the maintenance of that target. I mean, what does that suggest for the amount of FX transaction drag that you're actually absorbing, like how could -- how much of it would be coming in SG&A, basically?
Ian M. Cook: Well, let me focus on the gross margin because I think that's at the heart of your question and how we are approaching that and how we're thinking about that. And let me start by giving you the normal run-through year-on-year that we provide. So in the second quarter of this year, we start with the gross profit margin of 2011 Q2, which was 57.4%. The pricing that we have taken, and I was reading that some people felt our pricing balance would come off, but we've kept that pricing in the 3%, 3.5% range. Pricing added 1.4 percentage points to gross margin. Our Funding-the-growth stepped up in the second quarter from the first, as it historically always has done, to 190 basis points positive, exactly the same as we delivered last year. Material prices were a negative 260 basis points and then we have some mixed divestment impact of negative 20 basis points, which gets you to the 50-basis point increase. Now if you look specifically at the transaction cost impact, our gross margin, had we not had that impact, would have been higher by some 50 to 60 basis points in this quarter. We obviously, as we have said in our release, know now that foreign exchange is going to be a headwind of 6% to 7% for the year. We have taken the pricing that we said we would. You will remember from the last call there was 63% of the pricing we had planned for this year that was rollover. As we closed the second quarter, some 97% of all of the pricing planned for the year has been taken and is either at market or moving to market. On the last call, we said that number would be around 80%. And obviously, we have accelerated some pricing because of the specific transaction impact, and we see, while transaction is still out there for the balance of the year, easier comps year-on-year. And secondly, the commodity costs, the underlying commodity costs are showing some favorability. So you've got favorability on the commodity costs, pricing well in place and transaction still as a negative headwind. But all of that said, we remain comfortable with the 75 to 125 basis points improvement that we have been speaking of and we plan to see a sequential improvement in gross margin over the balance of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Schmitz with Deutsche Bank.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Could you just talk about some of the trends, more specifically in the categories and also your volume in Mexico? Because some of the data out there says like the category slowed like 50 basis points. And then just kind of what the sales growth was in China, both volume and reported sales? And then maybe a follow-up, if I can.
Ian M. Cook: Yes, we're not going to get into that level of country-by-country detail. I think it would be fair to say, and you have the data. And as I said in an earlier remark, obviously, we have seen a slowdown in the U.S. categories, the second quarter modestly slower than the first. And yes, there has been some spillover into Mexico, but not to the level that you were just referencing. What we feel good about is that our innovation and our integrated marketing programs are seeing us push our market shares up, and therefore, delivering the organic growth that we had planned to deliver. Now if you take a broader view of those emerging markets and you think about the Greater China, you think about Russia, you think about India and you think about Brazil, we have very healthy organic growth continuing in all of those parts of the world. And as I said earlier, the category growth rates in those geographies continue to grow high-single digits, and we see no change in that, notwithstanding the chatter around slowing macros for those geographies.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Great. And can I ask a follow-up just on the gross margin side of things? What is the transaction impact kind of factored into that bridge you give us every quarter?
Ian M. Cook: It's in the material prices. So it's in that 260. Of that 260, 56 -- 50 to 60 was transaction.
Operator: And our next question comes from Bill Chappell with SunTrust.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Could you just give a little more color on the mouthwash in the U.S. launch? Are you getting full distribution? Will that benefit in terms of pipeline sales this quarter? And then do you have any goals for U.S. market share to kind of be similar to what you have in other regions?
Ian M. Cook: Yes, I guess, is the answer. We -- one of the underlying consumer benefits that we believe we have globally is this notion of regimen. We are, I think, the only company that operates in the 3 largest oral care segments under the same brand name exclusively. So you can combine a Colgate toothpaste with a Colgate toothbrush and a Colgate mouth rinse, a name that the consumer has enormous trust in, and a regimen that clearly we want to educate consumers and retailers want to educate consumers to use. So we have good ambition in terms of bringing those 3 categories together. I think when Bina spoke about the rollout of Optic around the world, she mentioned that in the new markets we are going with the regimen, so it is a toothpaste, a toothbrush and the mouth rinse. And in some parts of the world, retail shelves, and certainly, retail displays take full advantage of linking the 3 categories. So Optic, of course, is a single variant entry strategy, thus far, in the United States. But we have good ambition for it. And so far, the retailer reception, both from a distribution point of view and a support point of view, has been very positive, and we'll keep you updated as the end market results start to come.
Operator: We'll go next to Alice Longley with Buckingham Research.
Alice Beebe Longley - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: One little question and then a bigger on if emerging markets have 53% of sales, about how much of their -- of your profits are they at this point?
Ian M. Cook: Slightly higher, not much.
Alice Beebe Longley - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Just slightly?
Ian M. Cook: Slightly.
Alice Beebe Longley - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Okay. And I'm a little confused about your statement that there's a slight moderation in competitive activity around the world, but some with less share are hiking promotion. And really, what I'm trying to get at is, is the competitor who has 11% to 12% of the toothpaste market in Mexico, are -- is that the one that is hiking promotional activity internationally and in the U.S.?
Ian M. Cook: The -- again, when you're asked a question about the world, it's very difficult to give a generic answer, given that we operate in over 90 countries. So I would say, as I said before, that overall, we are seeing a slight abatement, less promotional activity. In some specific markets, and Mexico was one, the promotional activity, which has always been high, as I think we have said consistently on calls, because there is no positioning difference, so if you don't have a marketing idea, price tends to be the approach. And that promotional activity, which had always been north of 50%, moved to 80%, even though we saw media reduced in many of those markets. On what the future will bring in that regard, we will deal with when it comes. And you can see our ability to grow and build market share and deliver a return in those geographies by focusing on innovation that provides value at a higher price, and thereby, brings margin and return. And that's where we're going to stay focused.
Operator: And we'll go next to Javier Escalante with Consumer Edge Research.
Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Ian, if I understood correctly, you mostly refer to price increases that you've already planned. But in the second quarter, you have these 2 big devaluations in Brazil and Mexico. So is the rebound that needs to happen in the second half in gross margin dependent upon price increases to offset the devaluations in Mexico and Brazil? Or this can be done basically on savings and lower commodity?
Ian M. Cook: Thanks, Javier. The answer is it's a bit of everything. What I was trying to say with the pricing we have taken, we accelerated pricing into the second quarter because of exactly the kind of foreign exchange transaction pressure you mentioned. But you can never react to those things quickly enough to impact a quarter, therefore, our gross margin would've been higher without that additional transaction impact, which was not originally forecast. So when we look at the balance of the year, yes, there is continued benefit from the pricing actions we've taken. And I must say, we feel pretty good at being able to take pricing in the 3% to 3.5% range overall and keep the volume north of 4% and being consistent with the 6% to 7% organic target that we have talked about previously. It also requires us to deliver the same kind of sequential Funding-the-growth improvements that we have done historically and we clearly have programs and confidence in those programs behind it, and we benefit somewhat from a more favorable underlying commodity cost environment unrelated to the transaction. So it is the combination of all of those that has us reaffirm advancing gross margin within that 75 to 125 basis points range.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Joe Altobello with Oppenheimer & Co.
Joseph Altobello - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Just first question on Hill's. It seems like the volume is really -- haven't turned yet. In fact, this quarter seemed to get a little bit worse. Is that surprising to you or were you guys expecting the push into naturals, for example, to really be more of a second half impact? And then secondly, and I apologize if you gave this, but the overhead savings in the quarter?
Ian M. Cook: Let me answer the second first. You'll see SG&A was up by 20 basis points and that was all advertising, so overheads were flat this quarter, which is a function of timing. On Hill's, frankly, we would've liked to have seen less negative on volume. We were pleased with the pricing and we're obviously pleased with the gross margin because that gives us an investment platform behind the innovation we have. But we have still not, as I said on the last call, made enough progress in penetrating the faster-growing natural segment. We're quite pleased with this Ideal Balance line that I had mentioned the last time. This idea of marrying the science of Hill's with the ingredients that the naturals user prefers. Distribution is building. It's about 88% now. Trial is building. Repeat is healthily north of 30%, which is an elevated level. And as Bina said, in terms of data we can track at retail, 55% of users of Ideal Balance are new to Hill's and coming for the natural segment. So that is already underway. As we also said on the last call, we really wouldn't see an improvement in the organic growth of Hill's until the second half of the year when we start to convert and relaunch our Science Diet business with ingredients that are more consumer-friendly to those naturals consumer. And that process is going to run a year to 18 months to fully complete, but we think, as we said, that it'll have an effect in the second half. I would comment that some 40% of the U.S. business, and that natural segment is a U.S. phenomenon, not a global phenomenon, but 40% of our U.S. business is the Prescription Diet, which is clinically proven to provide benefits to animals that have an ailment, as recommended by and sold by vets. And that business, where we have a 70% share, a 75% recommendation level, is showing healthy growth, both in the U.S. and international. So it really is about penetrating the natural segment. And we think that the plans we have in place, based on the testing we have to date, will complete that job and begin the second half of the year and run through 2013.
Operator: We'll go next to Ian Gordon with S&P Capital IQ.
Ian Gordon: First, I have a housekeeping. On the -- you gave the impact of FX to sales, but you didn't explicitly give it -- what it was to EPS, so I'm just wondering how much bigger it is on EPS? And then secondly, as I look ahead to the third quarter and on the SG&A line, last year, you were down about 70 basis points, both in advertising and non-advertising. So I'm just trying to get a sense of how much of that might reverse in the third quarter and how we should think about that for the year?
Ian M. Cook: Yes. Well, let's start with the foreign exchange. You may remember, Ian, which is a great name, by the way, you may remember on the first quarter call, we talked about foreign exchange impacting the top line by about 3% and the bottom line by about 4%. As you saw in our release, we're saying that based on the spot of today, the bottom line impact for the year will be some 6% to 7%, but the sales impact will be more in the 4% to 5%, consistent with the ratios we talked about on the last call. And in fact, in this second quarter, the foreign exchange impact on the bottom line was negative 9%. And as to your second question, I would stay focused on advertising. In the area of advertising, you have seen year-to-date we are up. We expect to continue to be up, both on an absolute and a ratio basis for the balance of the year, and that was the approach or that is the approach we have taken coming into 2012 in order to drive the trial of the innovation program that we have. And on the overhead side, we continue to look for opportunities to find self-funding ways of becoming more efficient. And to the extent that we generate funding to be able to do more, we will tell you about that at the appropriate time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Lachky with Wells Fargo.
Joe Lachky - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I got a couple of questions on Sanex. I guess since it's been a year since you bought that business, sounds like you're pretty happy with it. But how does it perform compared with your expectations? And is there any, I guess, regrets, so to speak, getting into Europe with the timing of the macro issues? And you've also mentioned with Sanex a large amount of innovation, strong pipeline that they had when you made the purchase, and how do you plan to roll that out globally? And then finally, on the Sanex business, how has organic growth been trending?
Ian M. Cook: Well, we don't give that category level or brand level information. I will say, if you look at organic growth for each of our categories, organic growth on Hill's second quarter to first is that 2%. Organic growth on our other categories, personal care, which Sanex is a piece of, home care and oral care, are up quarter-on-quarter, obviously, given the overall company performance. But in the strong mid-single-digits range for personal care and home care and double-digit for oral care. So our category performance, we think, is very strong. We have no buyer's remorse on Sanex. We continue to be thrilled, and we continue to believe in Europe. We think the Europeans or the Greeks would still brush their teeth in euros or drachma. And the Sanex business is increasing our market shares in the important body wash and underarm categories. The innovation stream we have in Europe in the countries that Sanex is in today is strong. It's an innovation stream. You may see us take to other geographies under the Sanex name. You may see us take it to other geographies under a Palmolive or a Softsoap or a Protex name that we have around the world. The integration is on track. The transfer of manufacturing, which will build margin, is on track. And obviously, we would reveal country expansion plans at the appropriate time, given the competitive nature of those plans. No buyer's remorse.
Operator: And we'll go next to Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just a follow-up on Hill's and then North America pricing. So on Hill's, just with rising input costs in the agricultural complex, is there any commentary on how much more pricing you think you might need through the year that may run the risk of derailing some of your plans for some volume improvement there, notwithstanding the innovation coming to market? And then North America, just it's a big swing on pricing sequentially, and we're just curious how much of that was -- was it list increases? Was it changes in some of your sort of retailer-specific pricing by SKU? Any kind of mix and particular changes you're making on how your pricing sizes? Because that was a surprise to me, that sort of big change in pricing sequentially in North America and then obviously giving up some volume despite this continued business of Optic White.
Ian M. Cook: Yes, the answer on Hill's, Lauren, you may know we have talked about this before, this is one of the few Colgate businesses that we actually hedged in a very disciplined way. And particularly what one's reading about in corn and soya, that the -- whatever impact will be in 2012 is in our plans, either hedged or in our plans and will not, in any way, derail the programs we have in place on the Hill's business. And some of the formula changes that we're going through will change the profile, if you will, of ingredients in Hill's products going forward. So not a derailer in 2012. And North American pricing, yes, it's a little bit of a lot of things. Some list, but particularly promotional planning with our Colgate business planning tool, bringing some efficiency, and then, yes, focusing on particular pricing with retailers, which, of course, links to the promotional planning. The mix, as you know, we have a dollar-weighted volume, so mix is not a component of that. But it's a little bit of all of the above. And as we have said before, for the last, I think, it's 10 Nielsen periods, our dollar-weighted consumption in the U.S. has outpaced the category.
Operator: And we'll go next to Connie Maneaty with BMO Capital.
Constance Marie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I have a question on -- in toothpaste, how the category is getting segmented by so many different applications between Optic White and Luminous and Sensitive and Enamel and Total, and I'm not sure how many other ones are. The question is, at what point do you think consumers get overwhelmed by the choices? And how are you reaching them without -- how are you reaching them so that each one of these segments is successful? And the final part of the question is, are you seeing an increase in per capita usage as the market becomes more segmented?
Ian M. Cook: The answer on per cap is in the emerging markets, absolutely. But per cap is in the developed world, really, how many times a day do people brush their teeth because the penetration is quite robust. In terms of choice, the consumer wants choice. And if you don't give the consumer choice in today's world, they'll go somewhere else to get the choice. Now we talk about Enamel, but Enamel ends up being a benefit within Optic. They're buying a whitening benefit with a secondary benefit on the enamel. You'll find many, many toothpastes, including Total, that offer a primary benefit that is gingivitis protection, but have a variant that delivers a whitening secondary benefit, of which the consumer puts a value on. I think the thing that needs to be understood in all of this is when you are bringing the new innovations, you are winnowing the old, whether that's a flavor variant, whether that's a size, or whether that's a benefit that was at one time interesting to the consumer, think baking soda going back. So it's a living process, Connie. And the way you communicate to the consumers, I think Optic is a wonderful example, it starts with the package. And of course, it is then surrounded by the traditional advertising mediums that we use, and increasingly, today, what we are able to communicate at the retail level, and obviously, for our therapeutic offerings, the clinical evidence that a professional will be relaying to their patients. So the consumer is not changing their view, but they continue to want choice in this category. And I think some of the threads of that choice are pretty broad, whitening, gum health, anti-cavity and so on, and then you have secondary benefits within it. And I think an important point to make is oftentimes, that innovation can be seen as having value to consumers, even again, at a higher price point, which, of course, is accretive to margin and accretive to category value growth.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ali Dibadj with Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: A couple of questions. One is just reflecting on -- many times the word transactional or transactional effect of currency was discussed this time, and also it really started last quarter as well. That's very different than, as far back as I can remember, discussing with you guys about currencies, where it was always kind of 1:1 between top line and bottom line, kind of a new word in the Colgate Lexicon. So I'm trying to understand why. I mean you've had historically much quicker currency movements and been able to handle it through pricing. Is it just that they're that much quicker this time? Is it that the consumer environment, particularly in Latin America and Mexico you mentioned, may be a little bit tougher? Is it that there's more competition that's not allowing you to take a pricing? So what's different in that transactional has become a bigger piece of the story? And then separate question is going back to Hill's. Clearly, the compares get much easier on that business as you go forward the next few quarters, so that should be a little bit of a relief. But as you think about your attempt to sustainably fix this business, I guess 2 questions come to mind. One is, what will success look like for the business from a growth perspective as you go forward on the next 18 months, how should we track it? Because I think you guys say, and we say as well, that this is kind of a big change, this is a big thing you guys have to do in that business. And what are the costs associated to that? And then lastly, you were kind of a moment ago just aggregated the prescription business as 40% of your business. So what's the growth rate of the 60% then, if the other -- the prescription business is actually growing, the nonprescription should be, obviously, by math, doing a little bit worse. So can you get us a little bit more color around that? Because that could be an interesting progression to track as you go forward.
Ian M. Cook: The -- thanks for the long question, Ali. The -- taking them in turn, and some I won't answer, but taking them in turn, we have never said foreign exchange is 1:1. And we said, even on the last call, that there was a difference between the top line impact and the bottom line impact, and we said that when we set up this year when we talked about currency headwind. And you're right, the reason why you can't offset the kind of significant foreign exchange swings that we had in the second quarter, was the speed of the change. And I said earlier, we actually accelerated some pricing, but you can't just go to market on Monday morning and take your prices up with the retailer, never mind the competitor comparison. So it was always more on the bottom line than the top line, and the reason on pricing is the speed of the change. I think -- we think that pricing on the -- in the north of 3% and volume and organic -- or our organic growth in that 6% to 7% in this world is very good performance, and that's a balanced judgment we have to make. And we fund the investment behind it by getting our gross margin to that 75 to 125 increase by balancing that pricing with our Funding-the-growth initiatives and the slightly more favorable commodity environment. Now Hill's is -- yes, of course, the Science Diet business is a little bit lower than the average given that the Prescription Diet business is growing. It doesn't change what the fundamental issue is. The fundamental issue is breaking in, in a more meaningful way to the Hill's business. Success will look like growing volume and organic sales. We think, as we have said, that we will see a modest improvement in organic sales in the second half of this year, and that will build in 2013 as the innovation gets to the marketplace. And the costs, given that this has been planned for some time, are fully included in our plans going forward. And frankly, don't get close to the number quoted in your recent note. So we think we know what the solution is, and the success will be a return to organic growth. I think longer-term, with Hill's, because we're kind of microscopically focused on the U.S. here, if you take the long view, the growth profile for Hill's is going to look attractive given our ability to open up and be successful in emerging markets as they reach the maturity to provide prepackaged pet nutrition diets to their pets, and we think that long-term opportunity still is out there.
Operator: And we'll go next to Linda Bolton-Weiser with Caris.
Linda Bolton-Weiser - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: I apologize if I missed your full explanation on North America, but you did have a big sequential increase in pricing and yet a big decline in the volume growth. You actually had volume decline in North America in the quarter. And so it looks like you took price and your volumes got hit. Am I mistaken or is there another explanation? And then is that just a temporary phenomenon as that kind of works through the system? Or maybe if you can give a fuller explanation of that region. And then secondly, I guess my question is a little philosophical on the EPS growth rate and the FX impact. I mean, really, you get price that goes along with currency devaluations, so I'm just kind of curious as to why you would exclude the translation, the FX impact from EPS growth and yet you would include the pricing that goes along with the currency devaluation? So maybe you could kind of comment on that. And I don't know if there's any way to quantify the pricing you're expecting in 2012 that would be kind of directly related to currency devaluation.
Ian M. Cook: Okay, Linda, let me do the foreign exchange response first. There are 2 separate things. We said when we set up this year that we would deliver double-digit EPS growth on a currency-neutral basis. That has all to do with translation, just translation. And we said, also, that we were going to deliver an increase in our gross margin between 75 and 125 basis points. To do that, you have to offset the transaction impact of buying raw materials, let's say, in Latin America, that are priced worldwide in dollars when the U.S. dollar strengthens. So in order to deliver the gross margin, to deliver the local profitability, you have to take the pricing to offset that cost impact. And that's the way we set up the year. So it is strictly translation, which has nothing to do with pricing. Now in North America, we -- you may recall, we started with Optic in the fourth quarter of last year. We did not have capacity for Optic when we got the overwhelming response positively from consumers in the U.S. We geared up capacity, and we came back and effectively relaunched that business in the first quarter of that year, up against, I would say, the most modest quarter's volume that we have seen in North America, first quarter of 2011. And we got the volume response we got, but we have, yes, certainly balanced pricing in North America. But I stress the point from an external point of view, we are seeing the consumption, the consumer purchases of our product outpacing the market rate of growth year-to-date, and in fact, for the last 10 periods. So from an organic point of view, we expect to see continued positive organic growth for the balance of the year, balancing the volume with the price and continuing to build with the innovation we have, including the Optic rinse talked about a little bit earlier.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jason Gere with RBC Capital Markets.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just one question. So thinking about advertising, I know years ago you talked about, I think, 11% was the right way to think about it. Obviously, when gross margins start to contract closer to the trough, it was closer to 10, we started to see a little bit of a pickup this year. So I guess the way I'm thinking about the back half of the year, you're going to have a nice, big gross margin uptick. You guys have talked about advertising. But if we could think about maybe the next 2 years, should we think about the advertising spending still at that 11%? Is that a more fluid situation? So as more gross margin comes through, you'll reinvest a portion of it? Or will we expect to see more of the gross margin savings over the next couple of years really flow through to the bottom line? So I was wondering if you could just provide a little bit of color on that. That'd be great.
Ian M. Cook: Yes, I -- if there was a number I wish I had never thrown out there, it was this 11%, which gets memorialized in tablets of stone. To start with where we are today, 8% organic growth, with advertising at the level we have in this quarter, is, we think, an effective return on our advertising investment. The advertising investment doesn't start with a ratio. We build it up from the plans on the ground. So I would venture to say that when you take our general financial strategic model, what we always intend to be focused on is increasing that gross margin, and that would certainly -- or that is our ambition and our goal next year, and you can imagine would be next year, to attempt to lower overhead on a ratio basis to sales in order to take some of that funding, as we call it, Funding-the-growth, to increase our advertising, assuming we have the breadth and depth of innovation that, we believe, today we have, and still deliver a healthy return on the bottom line. And that thinking has not changed. And if the innovation flow is good, I'm sure our ambition will be to continue to increase our advertising behind that innovation as we move forward in time.
Operator: And our final question today comes from Jon Andersen with William Blair.
Jon Andersen - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Just one question on China, where GDP growth, and I guess, category growth for some is slowing, I know you're not in discretionary categories per se, but are you seeing any impact in your categories in terms of consumption, trade-down, et cetera?
Ian M. Cook: No. Again, as I commented earlier, through the second quarter, we haven't seen a slowdown in our categories in these geographies in general. And specifically in China, still growing high-single digits. Our market share there over 33% year-to-date. I believe our principal competitor just hit below 20%, but who's looking? So thanks very much for your questions, helpful as always. And again, we look forward to keeping you posted on our progress as this volatile world continues over the balance of the year. And a special thank you to all of the Colgate people who get all this stuff done around the world. Thank you.
Operator: And that does conclude today's presentation. We thank you, again, for your participation.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-26 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Bina H. Thompson - Vice President of Investor Relations Ian M. Cook - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
Analysts: William B. Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Linda Bolton-Weiser - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Joseph Altobello - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Caroline S. Levy - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Joe Lachky - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Alice Beebe Longley - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research, LLC Constance Marie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Unknown Analyst
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgate.com. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson, for opening remarks. Please go ahead.
Bina H. Thompson: Thanks, Anne. Good morning, and welcome to our first quarter 2012 earnings release conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, Chairman, President and CEO; Dennis Hickey, CFO; Victoria Dolan, Corporate Controller; and Elaine Paik, Corporate Treasurer. This conference call will include forward-looking statements. These statements are made on the basis of our views and assumptions as of this time and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual events or results may differ materially from these statements. For information about certain factors that could cause such differences, investors should consult our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on our website, including the information set forth under the captions Risk Factors and Cautionary Statement on Forward-Looking Statements. We will discuss organic sales growth excluding foreign exchange, acquisitions and divestitures. We will also discuss gross profit; gross profit margin; selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales; operating profit; operating profit margin; net income; and earnings per share on a diluted basis, excluding the impact of the items described in the press release; and earnings per share on a currency-neutral basis. A full reconciliation with the corresponding GAAP measures is included in the press release and is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.colgate.com. We're very pleased with our results for the start of 2012. The solid top line that we saw build through the year last year has continued into the first quarter, with good organic sales growth composed of balanced pricing and volume. And as you'll hear when we go through the divisions, our pricing actions have not suppressed volume or market share. On a global basis, our market shares are up in 8 of 12 categories, and market shares are up nicely in all regions of the world. Our new product launches have met with success, and we have more in the pipeline to continue the momentum. Despite continued commodity cost pressures, our gross margin increased sequentially from the fourth quarter of 2011 by 50 basis points, as we told you it would. And as Ian said in the press release, our expectation is that gross margin should increase nicely for full year 2012. Our Funding the Growth program continues to deliver substantial savings across the P&L. We're particularly pleased with the progress we have been making on our overhead costs, which were down 40 basis points. Our ongoing focus in this area is delivering good results. And as we continue to implement further savings projects, we expect this good performance to continue. As you know, increasing gross margins and reducing fixed costs allow us to increase advertising behind our businesses at the same time as growing the bottom line. So while concerns remain regarding macroeconomic conditions in the developed markets, we're cautiously optimistic. Although forecasts for GDP growth remain modest, we are seeing growth across our categories, which is encouraging. The emerging markets, over half of our business, continued to perform very well despite continued competitive activity, as all manufacturers see these regions as an opportunity for growth. As you know, we have been in these markets for many years and have established strong franchises which have continued to grow. Our balance sheet remains healthy, and cash generation for the full year should continue to be strong. So let's turn to the divisions. Starting with North America. We're very pleased with our results in North America where we delivered solid organic sales growth of 5.5%. For the second quarter in a row, we had positive pricing after 9 consecutive quarters of negative pricing. And while we still need to be cautious relative to the macroeconomic environment and general consumer spending habits, it was very encouraging to see positive dollar category growth in all our categories, with our overall consumption outpacing that category growth. And in addition, the very heavy promotional activity on the part of some of our competitors seems to have lessened, which bodes well for everyone. As referenced in the press release, our all-outlet toothpaste share increased a full point in the quarter, widening the gap with our nearest competitor to over 3 points. The momentum behind our super premium-priced Colgate Optic White toothpaste continues as we have created buzz among stylists, celebrity influencers and magazines. And in addition, this successful new product has won awards in a number of consumer surveys for Best New Product. Our relaunch of Colgate Total Advanced toothpaste has also met with success, supported by effective in-store activities and 2 new television commercials: one for the general market; and one for our Hispanic consumers, which is being aired on key Hispanic networks. As you know, our share of the Hispanic market is very strong, about 50% year-to-date. Our manual toothbrush share was up in the quarter, up 2 full points to 34.6% on a year-to-date basis. Part of this success was driven by relevant toothbrush offerings to complement our strong brand equities in toothpaste: Colgate Optic White, Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief and Colgate Max. This quarter, we are launching Colgate 360 Total Advanced manual toothbrush to offer a regimen alongside our toothpaste. The toothbrush has a strong motivating claim. It removes 3x the bacteria with a surround bristle pattern, wraparound cleaner and a cheek and tongue cleaner. The super premium packaging increases shelf presence. This new product will tie in with the #1 Colgate equity and its media support and allow for powerful joint displays in store. In the quarter, we also strengthened our market-leading position in liquid hand soap, up over a point to 38.2% on a year-to-date basis. And encouragingly, the second-largest player, private label, saw share declines in the quarter due in part to our steady stream of new product innovation accompanied by impactful in-store activity. And we're excited about our lineup of new products slated for the balance of the year and expect the momentum to continue in this region. Turning then to Europe/South Pacific. This region remains challenging from a macroeconomic standpoint. Economic difficulties, including very high unemployment, are most prominent in Greece, Portugal, Spain and Italy, while Germany exhibits a more positive outlook. So in that light, we're pleased that categories in which we do business are exhibiting growth, although that growth is modest. And we are growing market share in virtually all of our oral care segments: toothpaste, manual toothbrushes and mouthwash. In toothpaste, our regional market share is up 0.5 point on a year-to-date basis to 33.4%, with the most recent share at 33.6%, and this is in the face of heightened competitive activity in many markets. In manual toothbrushes, our regional market share is up 1.5 points. And in the U.K., we've achieved leadership with a share of 32.9%, up over 7 points on a year-to-date basis. In mouthwash, our share in the region is up 30 basis points year-over-year. Innovation is key to driving growth and market share in the developed markets, and we're pleased with the breadth of new product activity so far this year with more to come. Building on the success of Max White One toothpaste across the region, in the second quarter we will be adding manual toothbrushes and mouthwash, extending the portfolio to provide a full range of whitening products. In addition, we will be redesigning the packaging to conform with a very impactful Colgate Optic White design, which has met with such great success here in the U.S. and in select markets, at the same time we will be introducing the Colgate Max White Professional Whitening Kit to the dental profession. Also in the second quarter, we will be expanding our launch of Colgate Total Pro Gum Health toothpaste. Initial markets of Romania and Greece have had promising early results, and we will be expanding the bundle to an additional 7 countries in this quarter. The full offering of a premium-priced toothpaste, mouthwash, toothbrush, floss and interdental brushes will be supported by a robust integrated marketing campaign, including a very strong professional plan. Currently, we are underrepresented in the gum segment so this provides an interesting opportunity. The Sanex integration continues to move forward, and along with it, a range of new products in deodorants and bath and shower gels. In particular, we're very encouraged by the Sanex Zero line, which provides a range of products with mild, biodegradable ingredients approved by dermatologists. In Home Care, under the Ajax brand name, we will be launching a pure home range of cleaners, which both purifies surfaces from dirt and bacteria and help purify the air with fragrance from essential oils. Turning now to Latin America. Strong performance continues in Latin America with regional market shares increasing in toothpaste, manual toothbrushes, mouthwash, bar soaps, hand dish, liquid cleaners and fabric conditioners. Our regional toothpaste share is at a record 79.3%. Both Mexico and Brazil, where competitive activity has been intense, increased their toothpaste share by about 2 points on a year-to-date basis. We told you last quarter about the successful launch of Colgate Luminous White in both of these markets and that success has continued, particularly with the launch of a companion toothbrush. The Luminous range toothpaste, toothbrush and mouthwash has now expanded to Colombia, Argentina, Central America, Chile and Uruguay. Our leading regional toothbrush share of 41.6% is up over 1 point on a year-to-date basis. We lead the market in every country but Mexico where our share is up 70 basis points on a year-to-date basis to 40.5%, fast closing the gap with our nearest competitor. In mouthwash, our regional market share is up 5.6 points year-to-date to 37%, just a little over 4 points behind the market leader. The gap was over 29 points in 2007. And we now have leadership positions in Venezuela, Argentina, Central America, Paraguay and Uruguay. In bar soaps, our regional increase in share of almost 2 points year-to-date, 31.1%, is driven in part by success in our 2 largest markets, Mexico and Brazil, where our share increased 3 points and over 1.5 points, respectively. In Mexico, we relaunched our Palmolive Naturals line, along with a new variant, Coconut and Cotton. In Brazil, successful new product launches under the Protex equity have helped narrow the gap with the #1 player from over 17 points to just over 2 in the last 5 years. Total bar soap share in that country is 24.5%, up over 1.5 points from the year-ago period. So we're excited about the continued stream of innovations. In oral care, as in Europe, we will be launching Colgate Total Professional Gum Health toothpaste. Two exciting new deodorants are Lady Speed Stick and Speed Stick Naturals and Protect. Under the Palmolive brand name, we will be expanding a line of pomegranate, toilet soap, shampoo and shower gel, which is already being sold very successfully in Brazil. Turning then to Greater Asia/Africa. Top line results in this division were excellent as we continue to grow volume and market share. Good toothpaste market share gains across many countries were referenced in the press release. More specifically in India, our share increased 150 basis points to 52.3% on a year-to-date basis, and in the latest period reached 53%. The market share gain was broad-based across our entire portfolio of products, both at affordable price points as well as the premium end because as you know, in this vast country, our strategy is to offer a broad toothpaste product portfolio covering a full range of pricing to appeal to all income levels. In China, where the business is growing nicely, our market share increased 210 basis points to 34.6%, gaining from other multinational competitors. In Thailand, our market share increased 80 basis points to date -- year-to-date to 53.1%, driven in part from good growth in the Sensitive segments. And in Turkey, our share was up 170 basis points year-to-date, 26.1%. Mouthwash market share saw explosive growth in China, India, Thailand, Malaysia, Singapore, Hong Kong and Vietnam. In China, our share increased 280 basis points year-to-date to 32.7%, with the most recent share at 33.1%. Colgate Plax Green Tea, an innovation developed particularly for the Chinese consumer, helped drive the share. To help the expansion of our Sensitivity products, we will be launching both Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief and Enamel Protect toothpaste and Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief mouthwash this quarter. In addition, we will be rolling out our Slim Soft toothbrush to more countries, and in Thailand, we will launch a Protex for men line. So finally turning to Hill's. Hill's produced another quarter of organic growth despite a modest decline in volume. Pricing was up 3.5%, reflecting prior period increases in line with competition, thus ensuring we are properly positioned on the shelf. As we've previously discussed here in the U.S., the fastest-growing segment is Naturals, a segment consisting of dozens of brands where we are underrepresented. The launch of Hill's Science Diet Ideal Balance late last year was an initiative to address the situation and it has had an impact. Shipments in the quarter were ahead of forecast. Data shows that we are bringing new consumers into the Pet Superstores, as well as drawing consumers of Naturals brand to Hill's. In February, we launched a full integrated marketing campaign to support Hill's Science Diet Ideal Balance with both traditional and digital media, national print ads, FSIs and off-shelf displays and retailer promotions. Also in the U.S. in the second half of the year, we're excited about a complete relaunch of our Science Diet business. This relaunch will improve the perceived science of quality in the products, enhance the shopping experience with new packaging design and strengthen and differentiate our message. Our vet-exclusive Hill's Science Diet Healthy Advantage also continues to do well, driving share in the U.S. vet channel. New products in our Prescription Diet line, such as PD y/d Feline Thyroid Health in the U.S. and Canada and PD j/d Glucosamine and Chondroitin have helped drive our leadership share of over 70% in this category and continue to grow veterinary recommendations. In Europe, we're in the process of launching a taste upgrade across our Science Plan portfolio for both dogs and cats. Feline Adult Chicken was the first diet to be reformulated and introduced in the fourth quarter of last year. The remainder of the portfolio is flowing through and in all instances is parity or superior in taste to the leading competitor, a significant improvement. As in the Colgate business, the high-growth markets represent a good opportunity for Hill's and are growing very nicely as we expand distribution in countries such as Russia and Brazil. So in summary, we are very pleased with the way 2012 has started. Clearly, the momentum in our business, which we enjoyed as we exited 2011, is continuing into this year. Our strategies are working. Our ongoing Funding the Growth program continues to deliver significant savings, and we expect that to continue. Our worldwide focus on increasing advertising is resulting in excellent sales and volume growth, and our market shares are healthy and increasing around the world. We continue to expect that volume growth for 2012 should be in the 4% to 7% range and that gross margin should increase between 75 and 125 basis points. And we do look forward to sharing our progress as we go through the remainder of the year. That's all I had for prepared remarks, and now if we could open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Bill Chappell with SunTrust.
William B. Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Just as you're walking through kind of the different regions, it sounds like the only region where you're seeing less competitive activity is North America. I didn't know if that was what you think is a start of a trend or if there's any reason why that's -- why it's pulled back there but not other regions.
Ian M. Cook: No, I would say that -- and several of us have been traveling quite extensively as you would imagine this year. And I would say that one is seeing slightly reduced levels of competitive activity everywhere you go, still elevated but lesser than in the past. And as I said on the previous call, if we can move into a situation where the competition is on innovation, this is the way we believe we are well equipped and would prefer to compete. But it's not limited to the U.S. I would say there are early indications in other geographies as well although still at elevated levels.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Wendy Nicholson with Citi Research.
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: The question I have is on the profit margin in North America down year-over-year. I think and I know there isn't too much value on just one quarter, but the first quarter margin, 24.2%, I think is the lowest margin we've seen in the U.S. for a long time. So was that just a timing of marketing spending? Is that something that's going to pick up and improve during the course of the year? Maybe just a little more color on that.
Ian M. Cook: Sure, Wendy. The answer is that it is as it was in the fourth quarter, entirely intentional. This is the trial-building investment spend behind Optic White and our other innovation initiatives in North of America -- North America. You will remember we said that in the fourth quarter. And that continues to be the case very much in the first quarter. And then as the year unfolds, that situation will improve. So a conscious decision to invest behind super premium innovation, which is allowing us to grow share, to grow the top line and to increase pricing for the second consecutive quarter in that geography.
Operator: We'll go next to Linda Bolton-Weiser with Caris.
Linda Bolton-Weiser - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: Just actually a follow-on question to what you just answered for Wendy. I mean, if you look at 2011 and kind of the pattern of the North American operating margin, you did have a blip up to 27.4% in the third quarter, but actually the full year margin was lower than it was in the first quarter of 2011. So I don't really see the pattern that you're talking about that there was heavy spend and then the margin improved later in the year. So can you just kind of clarify what you just said and then how 2012 will unfold? And then my second question is just on the overall corporate kind of volume and pricing progression. I mean you're guiding to 4% volume growth for the year, and yet it was only 3% in the quarter. Should I think about that as the volume growth will accelerate as we see the pricing comparison come off a little and be less positive as the year progresses? Is that the way to think about it? And I'm curious about if you're price comparison will peak in the first or second quarter as being the most favorable.
Ian M. Cook: Okay, Linda. Let me come back to North America and be quite clear here. If you look at 2011, to your point, as I was saying earlier to Wendy, indeed our operating margin declined in the fourth quarter because of the investment spending behind the Optic White toothpaste. And it has stayed at a low level because of the continued investment behind the trial-building spending on Optic, and then will improve across the balance of the year, the balance of the year being 2012 and not 2011. If you take the volume for the balance of the year, we're actually extremely pleased with the way this year started and the balance we have between volume and pricing. In fact, ex-divested, the volume in the first quarter for the total company was 4.4%, and that is with the pricing that we garnered as well. And as Bina said, we did that without impacting our market share progression. Indeed our market shares improved. So I think the first quarter is indeed a good indicator that we can continue that pace for the balance of the year, that 6% to 7% organic growth that we talked about on the fourth quarter. And that's largely related to the innovation stream that we have, the Optic that is rolling -- Optic White toothpaste that is rolling around the world and the other innovations that Bina had mentioned. So we are quite comfortable with that volume progression.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Chris Ferrara with Bank of America.
Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Guys, on Latin American margins, I guess you cited in the press release FX and inflation is hitting SG&A. And I guess I was wondering if you could talk a little bit in more detail about how big those might have been. Because I was surprised that margins would be down in a plus 10 pricing quarter. And then as a follow-up to that, do your -- does your outlook take into account the big move the real has had, so you mark-to-market for a BRL 1.89 right now?
Ian M. Cook: The -- to come specifically to your question on the real, we are BRL 1.82. So we're on market for the real. Latin America, we're super pleased with our performance in Latin America, both on the top line and on the bottom line. The organic growth was indeed very, very strong, and we increased our investment behind the growth initiatives that we have. And that of course is a Latin America in the context of pricing actions that have taken place in Venezuela, which created a great degree of uncertainty in the first quarter, which led to the decline in Venezuelan volume that was called out in the press release. So gross profit margin improved sequentially in the first quarter, indeed improved year-on-year, and we see that improving across the balance of the year. So we're quite happy with Latin America.
Operator: We'll go next to Joe Altobello with Oppenheimer.
Joseph Altobello - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Just one quick one here. I guess in terms of gross margin, I want to talk about how you get to the 75 to 125 this year. And obviously, it's a good number given where we've been the last couple of years. But if I could just kind of do a back of the envelope, raw materials last year, call it, a 4-point or 400 basis point drag to gross margin. This year, you're looking at something a little bit better than that, probably 100 basis point drag. Your Funding the Growth savings is a 200 basis point positive to gross margin. Pricing is probably 100 basis points. So that right there, that net is about 200 basis points to the positive. So what's the offset given that promotion spending is easing a little bit?
Ian M. Cook: Well, let's -- good set-up, Joe. It's exactly the way we rehearsed it. Let me as a start point on this because in many of the notes, there seems to be a lot of questioning about the gross margin progression. So if we take the first quarter of this year and that 20 basis point reduction versus prior year, which we were very pleased about, obviously a 50 basis-point improvement versus the fourth quarter. But if you do our customary roll-forward, last year's gross profit was 58.4%. This year with the pricing we have taken, along with good volume, I would add, that gives you an add of 140 basis points. Our Funding the Growth started the year actually slightly better than last year. We pick up another 140 basis points there. Material pricing, a headwind of 280 basis points. So -- and if you go back, you will see that, that is easing from the second half of last year. So net -- the total net savings are negative 140, basically offsetting with the pricing and then some minor other changes for the remaining 20 basis points. And if you look across the balance of the year, our material price expansion, we're still looking at that 2% to 3% range of increase, which I think is more of a headwind than you have estimated in there. And we would expect, as you suggest, our Funding the Growth to continue to progress rather like it has in prior years. Obviously, we'll get a better benefit from pricing this year than prior. And that makes us comfortable with the 75 to 125 basis points. So we think it is well positioned and quite achievable. And of course, you come up against more favorable comps with gross margins down quite substantially across the second half of 2011. So we're very pleased with our ability to take pricing and maintain volume. And so it is that lesser headwind, better pricing, our traditional Funding the Growth and easier comparisons that make the year, we think, very doable.
Operator: We'll go next to Ali Dibadj with Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: I want to spend some time on 2 segments, if possible please. That's in Latin America, in particular just around volume. So first in Latin America, it's 3.5% volume that obviously includes mix. I don't know whether that makes this positive or negative, so some indication there would be helpful. But that's lower than we at least would have expected and granted you took higher pricing. But I'm trying to get underneath that and trying to understand what the volume and price growth was, excluding Venezuela, just give us a better sense of what the underlying is. And also, it sounds like you gained share there, volume and value probably. And if it was volume and value share gains in Latin America, what did you see the category growing? That's the Latin America question. The other one is around pets and it's, at least in my count, I guess 11 of the last 13 quarters that we've seen volume being negative. But we're continuing to hear we're having progress on resetting the pack sizes and the pricing. We're going after Naturals in a better way. But is there something more fundamental that's a problem? And it may be the brand, it may be you, but what about macro? What about competition? What about - just like fewer births or people adopting fewer pets? I mean, what are the other potential dynamics there? Because it sounds like you guys are taking some of the right steps but the volumes just aren't there yet. So some indication on those 2 would be great, please.
Ian M. Cook: Okay, Ali. Thanks for both questions. In Latin America, you are right. We faced a headwind of Venezuela as a drag because of the announced pricing and the uncertainty in the marketplace. So retailers, the distributors and wholesalers were simply not buying. Indeed our organic growth, if you were to exclude Venezuela would be in the mid-teens. And our volume growth in Latin America would be between 8% and 9%, which we view as very healthy. And frankly, you could argue that we saw the worst of Venezuela in the first quarter with people not buying. The new pricing is at retail now on our brands. We have done all of the things anybody would expect us to do in terms of rationalizing our portfolio, maximizing local production, and by the way, continuing to build market share in Venezuela. So we feel real good about Latin America as you say, also significant pricing beyond Venezuela, where of course there will be no new pricing in 2012 assumed. So with that big slug of pricing in the first quarter, we end the Venezuela thing a little bit behind us. We think we will see continued growth progression on the volume line accelerating from the first quarter level as we continue to build market share, as Bina laid out, with an innovation-led plan across Latin America. So we like our prospects in Latin America very much. If you turn to pet, I would characterize it the following way. The point on pricing was merely meant to say that in terms of the new pricing, taken on our pet nutrition business, that is pricing that this time followed competitors. So on that business, the pricing we have at the shelves today is in line with our competitors. That pricing has rebuilt gross profit margin on that business and allowed us to put the advertising investment we have behind the beginnings of what really is the most important objective for the Hill's business, which is to compete more effectively in the Naturals segment in the United States. Ideal balance is a very good beginning. It is a product that takes the scientific heritage of Hill's and makes it more of a natural offering, entering Naturals the Hill's way rather than as a pure-play Naturals product. Off to a good start, building distribution, building volume, building market share in trial, and the repeat rates are good. But that's only part of the story, and we're not happy with the progress we have made in terms of penetrating Naturals, the fastest-growing segment. And really, these are the competitors that are creating an opportunity that we have to create. It's these Naturals brands, of which I think at last count, there were something like 99 in the U.S. that are the biggest competitors. And the relaunch of Science Diet at the middle of this year, which is over 60% of the U.S. business, will see those products more competitive with Naturals offerings in terms of the ingredients, in terms of the messaging, in terms of the packaging, even in terms of the listing of the ingredients on the bag. And we think that is going to be a very significant step forward in reestablishing our competitiveness in the overall category by establishing our competitiveness in the Naturals segments of the category. So we think we have stabilized the business, and we expect that stability to maintain for the first half, and then a return to volume growth in the second half behind that Science Diet restage. So yes, there are competitive issues. The competitive issue though is Naturals, and we think we have the plan in place for Hill's Science Diet to effectively compete in that Naturals segment. The other 40% of the business, which is the Prescription Diet with over a 70 market share is doing extraordinarily well because that is based on the veterinary recommendation of proven -- clinically proven Hill's technology.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.
Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Ian, do you expect to take any further pricing this year? Have you already taken all your price increases already? And then also, can you discuss the pricing environment, specifically in Europe? You mentioned promotions improving a bit globally. Is that also true in Europe, just given the pricing looks pretty difficult still in the Q1 results in Europe?
Ian M. Cook: Yes, there are 2 answers then. The first is that if you think about our pricing for 2012, on the last call, we said that about half of that pricing in 2012 was rollover from 2011. In fact, that's now about 63% because forward pricing in Venezuela has now been taken off the table. Of the remaining 37% of pricing we had to take in 2012, fully 80% of it will be to market by the first half of this year. And we're really quite encouraged by the way we've been able to balance pricing and volume with our execution in the first quarter and believe that, that can continue as we implement the rest of our pricing. The European situation, I think as we have said before, continues to be perhaps among the toughest for our industry, never mind our company. As we have said many times, the categories in which we do business are growing high-single digits in the emerging markets, and we are blessed by having over 50% of our business in those markets. And the categories in North America are growing low-single digit, and the categories in Europe are growing very low-single digit and in some cases, flat. That's not new. That is a known phenomenon, and we are approaching Europe to try and improve our pricing position there, particularly with some of the premium innovation we have like on the Sanex business. As you say, our first quarter pricing was still tough, but it is our expectation that we hope to make progress across the balance of the year with pricing in Europe. And I think the overriding point to make in those slower growth parts of the world come back to the actions that we have discussed for a couple of years now, which are our continued efforts to revisit our structural costs to make sure that they are in line with the slower rates of growth that frankly, we can envisage for the near-term future. And you saw some of that in the first quarter with that 40 basis points reduction in our overhead. So hopeful to make progress on pricing in Europe, super pleased about 2 back-to-back quarters of positive pricing here in North America, and the European environment continues to be tough.
Operator: We'll go next to Caroline Levy with CLSA.
Caroline S. Levy - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Just wondering if you could dive a little deeper into China and Russia, and what trends are like on your businesses there?
Ian M. Cook: Sure, Caroline. I'm happy to do so. They were up, which are always good trends. Sales growth up indeed across the BRIC businesses: the Brazil, the Russia, the India, the China, very good and encouraging top line organic growth. Our market shares continue to be very strong. The increase in China that Bina mentioned earlier now approaching 35%. The Brazilian share, that's now approaching 72%. And Indian share that in the more recent periods has now broken through 50% and is at 53%; and Russia, holding a strong leadership position at between 32% and 33%, double the share of our nearest multinational competitors. So we're very encouraged by the good start to the year in terms of organic growth and on top of that, the share progress that we are making.
Operator: We'll take our next question from John Faucher with JPMorgan.
John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just want to clarify one thing, Ian, which is when you were you're talking about your volume guidance, you talked about, I guess, a 4.5% volume -- unit volume growth start to the year for the first quarter, which I believe includes Sanex but excludes divestitures. So I guess, when you guys talk about the 3% to 4% volume growth, is that what you're using as the metric, which is the including Sanex but excluding divestitures?
Ian M. Cook: Yes, it is, John.
John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then -- so if we look at it, Sanex is probably adding sort of 1.5 currently. So that's probably a little less than sort of that 75 basis points over the course of the year, is that a fair statement?
Ian M. Cook: Yes, between -- on the year between 75 and 100 basis points. You're about right in Sanex.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Alice Longley with Buckingham Researchnex. And Alice, it does appear that you have disconnected from the queue. [Operator Instructions]    We'll take our next question from Bill Schmitz with Deutsche Bank.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Can you just talk about what the drivers of the volume acceleration are going to be as the year progresses to get into that sort of 4% to 7% range? Is it lapping the pricing in the back of the year? Or do you think that maybe there'll be some category acceleration? And then I'm going to try to ask 2 questions in 1. Just in India as an aside, how much of that growth in the quarter was sort of activity ahead of the competitors' launch, and how much of that was the sort of natural running the business the way you've always run it?
Ian M. Cook: To answer the second question, none. It was all how we run and have run our Indian business. And so as I said earlier, we are very pleased with that. In terms of volume acceleration, obviously, as I indicated earlier, the pricing we have taken, 80% of it will be in place of the new pricing across the balance of the year, and that's only 37% of the pricing that we plan to take in 2012. So you're right to a certain extent, the pricing environment will be more favorable. And clearly, it is importantly driven by our innovation stream. And I would say our marketing programs and the investment behind those marketing programs, which as we have already seen at the beginning of this year, are beginning to build share for us. And I think, as I alluded, although I wouldn't want to over indicate this, we are beginning to see in some markets perhaps some more rational promotional environment, and we feel quite good about our ability to compete innovation against innovation. So that would give us the -- or it does give us the confidence for our balance of year.
Operator: We'll go next to Joe Lachky with Wells Fargo.
Joe Lachky - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I guess sticking with volume real quick, specifically in North America. I guess we talked pricing and margin in North America, but the North American volume in that mid-single-digit range, do you see that's sustainable going forward? Or is it kind of a onetime factor of like easy year-over-year comps or innovation selling with Optic White?
Ian M. Cook: We -- I would say, Joe, obviously there is a degree of the trial building activity that we have on the Optic. We like the way the share is building, I have to say. And so that is favorable for us. And I think for the year, certainly the volume in North America will stay in the single digits, perhaps modestly off what we've seen in the first quarter.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Alice Longley with Buckingham Research.
Alice Beebe Longley - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Sorry, I got cut off briefly there. So I hope I'm not asking a question that somebody else asked in the meanwhile. But anyway, my question's about operating margins for the year versus a year ago for the different geographic segments, and particularly in North America, you said that margins should improve through the year, but I assume that's sequentially. Can operating margins for the year in North America be higher than a year ago even down and the same for Latin America and Europe, those 3 regions?
Ian M. Cook: Alice, I was responding when I gave that information to a very specific question about the first quarter operating margin in North America, which was the continuation of our investment spend in the fourth quarter of last year. You know that we do not provide operating margins by our divisions prospectively. And so I bring you back to the way we have been thinking about this year since it started, which is to achieve the kind of volume growth we have seen in the first quarter while delivering pricing that enables us, along with our Funding the Growth programs, to increase that gross margin by the 75 to 120 basis points that we have mentioned before, at the same time working hard to lower our overheads as a percentage of sales rather like we have accomplished in the first quarter so that we can continue to take what are healthy levels of advertising spending and continue to increase them and deliver the bottom line progress that we reaffirmed in the release this morning. And that's how the year will come together across our various geographies around the world.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Javier Escalante with Consumer Edge Research.
Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Ian, if we can come back to the gross margin progression a little bit. Your guidance certainly, 75 to 120 basis points, seems to be very achievable because it doesn't even get you back to the 2010 level, and you are going to have better pricing. Commodities certainly weren't up 2% to 3% last year. I don't know whether you provided that information but certainly it was much higher than that. And you have 2 savings streams, you have Funding the Growth and then you have synchronizing supply and demand. So the question basically is, is this conservatism? Or I -- it's difficult for me to believe that you cannot do better than 125 basis points given all these points.
Ian M. Cook: Well we thank you for your confidence and optimism, Javier. I must say the general sentiment coming into this year has been that, I guess, an undercurrent of people feeling that our 75 to 125 basis points was too aggressive on the upside. So I can only repeat that we believe it is a reasonable objective and estimate on our part. It is driven precisely by the streams that you indicate. We expect to see sequential improvement, progressive improvement, as we have said before, as the year unfolds. And oh Allah, that you would be right, but our estimation is still the 75 to 125.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Connie Maneaty with BMO Capital.
Constance Marie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I have a follow-up on Venezuela. Could you tell us what Venezuela's percentage of sales and profit is? Also if you think you've taken enough in pricing to offset inflation for this year so that your margins will be essentially flat with last year or if you expect them to decline? And then finally, a lot of the media has been writing about stock-outs and the unavailability of products for consumers. Are you seeing that in your categories, and are you producing to demand?
Ian M. Cook: Yes, Connie, first, Venezuela accounts for about 5% of our sales. As you know, we don't provide profitability on a subsidiary-by-subsidiary basis. Secondly, it would be fair to say, I think, as we have been working hard to manage Venezuela in the past, that recognizing certain decisions may come. We took appropriate actions in terms of our pricing stance to offset inflation and at the same time, rationalize our portfolio to what you might call power SKUs in an environment where we are making in Venezuela over 85% of the volume that we sell. I mentioned earlier and maybe it was when you were cut off, indeed there were some dislocation in the market when the specific price reductions were announced because retailers, wholesalers and distributors in some cases stopped buying as they were waiting for clarity about what would actually happen in the marketplace and not wanting to buy if a price was then going to go down. And we are very much as a company providing our products to the marketplace. But of course, in the early part of this year as people, retailers were not buying products, there were clearly gaps on the shelves. We are supplying the market now, and our market shares continue to be at very, very strong levels. So we think as we have done in the past, we have been responsibly managing Venezuela and appropriately managing Venezuela and maintaining our market position as we do so.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just want to ask a little bit about the Total relaunch in North America. My understanding is that it was in the first quarter. And I know the Nielsen data should be taken with a very large grain of salt, but it did look like the volume for the Total business is actually quite weak or hasn't really shown any impact of what would look like a relaunch. So can you just give us an idea when the relaunch happened, when the advertising was launching and what you kind of see for that going forward?
Ian M. Cook: Sure, Lauren. The answer is in fact North America was our lead country from around the world for launching Colgate -- relaunching, I'm sorry, Colgate Total. And indeed that took place the early part of the second half last year, and we made good progress on the Total business. Then of course, we have now switched to Optic in the fourth quarter and first quarter this year. And our attentions are very squarely on building trial and the repeat that we know goes with that trial with the super premium offering of Optic. And so as the year progresses, I think you can expect that relationship to balance out. But there's no question in the Nielsen data, you will see that the focus on Optic has indeed slowed the progression on Total.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Mark Astrachan with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Back on Hill's. As I said previously, the volumes have been weak although operating margin has improved over the last few years. I guess, I'm curious if there's been a change to managing the business more for cash, I guess, or do you think that you can get back to a little bit single-digit volume growth again? And sort of related to what you said about relaunching the business, how do you think about an acquisition of a Natural brand as opposed to simply supplementing it with some of the relaunches that sort of reposition it as a more natural product?
Ian M. Cook: Yes, we view Hill's as a growth business. We view the emotional connection that consumers have with products they feed to their pets. Pets in today's society who are becoming members of a family, and sometimes it's difficult to know whether the parents dote more on their children or their pets. It's close, but we like both. We bring validated clinical science that delivers real benefit and garners veterinary endorsement and commands pricing and enviable gross margins. So we see this as a growth business, and we like it. The singular issue and it is a U.S. issue is having more of a share of the Naturals segments. And that's something that we have to do in the context of the equity that is Hill's, which is a science-based equity. Ideal Balance is a start, and the relaunch in the middle of the year makes the Hill's Science side offering much more competitive with those Naturals brands.  Would we consider acquiring a business? Yes, we would. And we have said publicly before that our acquisition interests are in oral care, are in pet nutrition and are in personal care. And so strategically, the answer is yes, of course, the other book end of our acquisition strategy is that the economics have to make sense. So, yes, strategically and you can rest assured that any assessment we might make would be balanced with the economic aspect of the equation as well, but there is no strategic negative with the idea of potentially acquiring such a business at some time.
Operator: We'll go next to Jason Gere with RBC Capital Markets.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just housekeeping and then just a bigger picture question. Housekeeping, on my trip [ph] you said on currency, the impacts of the full year. Are we still thinking 3 to 4 on the top line? And then on just I guess the bigger picture, as many of your peers are talking about accelerating their investments in emerging markets and getting more of that white space expansion, clearly you guys have decades of experience ahead of them. And I'm just -- outside of toothpaste, just wondering when you look at your categories, where is there still more meaningful opportunity to expand into markets where you're currently not?
Ian M. Cook: The currency this year -- Yes, Jason, we're kind of in the same place. As we said on the last call, top line, about 3%; bottom line, about 3.5% to 4%. So that's the housekeeping. Emerging markets, you're right. We made investments and continue to make investments, but we made substantial investments in those emerging markets many, many years ago and continue to make them as we continue to grow the way we do. And obviously, as you suggest, one of the opportunities we have, which we constantly assess, is the ability to companion strong oral care businesses with personal care category entries. And I think that's part of our strategy that you could see progressing as we go forward.
Operator: And our last question today will come from Lee First [ph] with Wellington Shields.
Unknown Analyst: What can you tell us about the components of your spending mix behind your brands?
Ian M. Cook: Well, the -- it is many, which is the reason I hesitate. We think about our engagements, as we call it, with consumers holistically. And there used to be that old adage that trade spending was bad and advertising was good. And I think today with the techniques available to us, we as marketers need to broaden our thinking to include all ways of touching the consumer. So we think about it as direct to consumer, which means engaging the consumer before they are buying our brand. And of course, we do this in a variety of ways: the traditional television, radio, print, media. And remember, with over half of our business in the emerging markets, television penetration, and its strength as a mass medium is still absolute. But in some of the developed markets, we find ourselves better able to engage with consumers depending on our brands, depending on them as a targeting audience using digital, which we experiment with quite broadly, and in some geographies like the U.S. spend between 13% and 15% of their working media on digital. We also use digital in more, you might say, mundane ways but directly messaging not to a smartphone but to a mobile phone in parts of the world where otherwise you wouldn't be able to reach that consumer. And of course, we do the many educational programs that you may know us for like Bright Smiles, Bright Future, seeking to get kids into good brushing habits, and of course, a lifetime of using Colgate products. And the work we do with dental and veterinary professionals to convey the clinical strength of our products, so they can recommend them confidence. And we also, which comes back to the holistic side of things, think about consumers as shoppers. And today, there are many techniques that you can use in the retail environment that are very effective and very strong from a brand building point of view but wouldn't technically come out of the so-called below-the-line advertising measure. They might be captured in trade spending, which comes between the gross sale and the net sale, but we are adopting and deploying many techniques in that area as well. So that's how we think about it and of course, we do all of that on a market-by-market, category-by-category, brand-by-brand basis with a focus on return on investment.
Operator: And we have no further questions in our queue.
Ian M. Cook: Okay. Well, thanks, everyone, for joining us. We enjoyed sharing with you what we think is a strong start to 2012. And as is customary, I would particularly like to thank all the Colgate folks around the world who work so hard to make this kind of result happen. Thanks, everybody.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-01-26 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Bina H. Thompson - Vice President of Investor Relations Delia H. Thompson - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Ian M. Cook - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
Analysts: Caroline S. Levy - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Joe Lachky - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Nik Modi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division Linda Bolton-Weiser - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division John P. San Marco - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Alice Beebe Longley - Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research, LLC Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Jon Andersen - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Constance Marie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets U.S. John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Lauren DeSanto - Morningstar Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Co. Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year End 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded, and is being simulcast live via the www.colgate.com. [Operator Instructions] At this time, for opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson. Please go ahead.
Bina H. Thompson: Thank you, Lisa. Good morning, and welcome to our fourth quarter earnings release conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, Chairman, President and CEO; Dennis Hickey, CFO; Victoria Dolan, Corporate Controller; and Elaine Paik, Corporate Treasurer. This conference call will include forward-looking statements. And these statements are made on the basis of our views and assumptions as of this time, and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual events or results may differ materially from these statements. For information about certain factors that could cause such differences, investors should consult our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on our website, including the information set forth under the captions Risk Factors and Cautionary Statements on Forward-looking Statements. We will discuss organic sales growth, excluding foreign exchange, acquisitions and divestitures. We will also discuss gross profit margin, operating profit, net income and earnings per share, excluding the impact of the onetime items described in the press release. A full reconciliation with the corresponding GAAP measures is included in the press release, and is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.colgate.com. We're very pleased with our fourth quarter results, given the turbulent year just finished. The good momentum in our organic sales throughout the year is encouraging as we enter 2012. The challenge, as you know, has been to balance volume and price, and we have met that challenge. Our market shares are strong and growing, and you will hear more detail by division in a moment. On a year-to-date basis, our worldwide market shares are up in toothpaste, mouthwash, manual toothbrushes, bar soaps, body wash, shampoo, household cleaners and fabric conditioners. In addition, we are pleased that our gross margin improved sequentially from the third quarter supported by not only positive pricing, but another year of outstanding Funding the Growth results. We told you throughout the year of our renewed efforts to reduce our costs, and that focus continues and is succeeding. This is particularly important in a world of volatile raw material costs. And importantly, we increased our advertising in the quarter, absolutely and as a percent of sales, in support of new product launches around the world. So a strong finish to the year.  In terms of our income statement, our balance sheet is equally solid with strong cash generation and return on capital. As Ian mentioned in the press release, the world remains challenging from a macroeconomic perspective, and is particularly volatile in terms of foreign currency and consumer and competitive dynamics. This has made it increasingly difficult to provide forecasts for specific regions. As a result, we've determined that going forward, we will not provide divisional guidance. We will continue to provide guidance on a total company basis. And for 2012, we expect volume growth in the range of 4 to 7%, and gross margin to increase between 75 and 125 basis points.  Let me turn to the divisions to give you some color regarding their fourth quarter results and more general opportunities going forward, starting then with North America. We're very pleased that this region reported positive volume and price for the first time in over 2 years. We told you at the start of 2011 that North American results would improve as we progress through the year, and that indeed happened. Our second half new product activity has met with good success, and we have more slated for 2012. In the quarter, our U.S. market shares increased in 6 categories, were level in 3 and declined in only 2. Our leading all-outlet toothpaste share mentioned in the press release of 35.9% was 36.1% in the fourth quarter. We're particularly pleased with the success of Colgate Optic White toothpaste and toothbrush and the all-around value they are delivering. Value to consumers is reflected in good market shares and some very solid repeat rates. Since the launch, the 4-ounce toothpaste and soft toothbrush are the number one SKUs in their respective categories. Value to our trade partners since, as you would expect, the impact on overall average retail selling price for toothpaste has been very positive and will be delivering value to us through higher volumes, share and profits, a truly win, win, win proposition. This quarter, we will be launching another variant, Optic White Cool Mild Mint, thereby further expanding this very successful franchise. Our second half launch of Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief has also delivered good results. It's been 65% incremental to the Sensitive business, and as such, has driven category growth. To build on this success, we will be launching Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief Enamel Repair this quarter. This is an exclusive new daily use toothpaste that helps repair vulnerable parts of sensitive teeth and provides long-lasting relief as well. In toothbrushes, in the first quarter, we will be launching Colgate 360 Surround Sonic Power with 3x bacteria removal action to remove bacteria in 3 ways. The brush has surround bristles, wraparound cleaner and a cheek and tongue cleaner. The transparent handle and clear caps drive differentiation versus our manual toothbrushes. As you know, the Colgate 360 franchise has been extremely successful in both manual and powered brushes, not only here in the U.S., but around the world. In Home Care this quarter, we are launching Palmolive Fresh Sponge dishwashing liquid, which goes beyond cleaning dishes to wash away odor-causing residue from sponges, leaving dishes and sponges freshly clean. And this is just the beginning. You'll hear about other new product launches as we go through the year. Turning then, to Europe. As you know, the situation in Europe remains volatile from a macroeconomic perspective, particularly in Greece and some other southern European countries. Given that backdrop, we are quite pleased with our performance with volume x divestments and acquisitions, growing 1% in the fourth quarter. And as referenced in the press release, our oral care market shares are strong and growing despite a highly competitive environment. In the U.K. for instance, our toothpaste share is up 30 basis points and our toothbrush share is up 250 basis points to almost 30% year-to-date with the latest read at 36.1% despite heavy promotional spending by one of our major competitors. Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief toothpaste continues to do well with a record monthly share in November of over 4%, increasing our share of the sensitivity segment to 30%. In Germany, our toothpaste share is up over 0.5 point on a year-to-date basis to 37.8% with the most recent share at 38.4%. Colgate Total has been performing well in that market, garnering over 4 market share points. In France, we are making great progress in mouthwash behind our Colgate Plax brand. Year-to-date, our share is at 14%, up from under 12% in 2008 and reaching 14.7% in the most recent period. New products have been key to share gains, and we expect our new product offerings to be even greater in 2012 than in 2011.  In the first quarter, we will be launching a unique and complete system of oral care products under the Colgate Total Pro Gum Health name. This includes toothpaste, toothbrush, mouthwash and dental floss, and is designed to provide optimum protection for teeth and gums. In the premium whitening segment, we will be launching Colgate Max White Shine, extending the already successful Colgate Max White franchise. With a novel purple gel aesthetic, this product strengthens and shines enamel for a shinier sparkling smile. And in the sensitivity segment, we will be launching Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief Enamel Repair, which helps to repair the sensitive areas of the teeth for instant relief and lasting protection against sensitivity. In addition, we are also introducing a sensitivity mouthwash to accompany our toothpaste and toothbrush for a complete system to provide effective sensitivity relief.  And in personal care, we're very excited about a new line of shower gel and liquid hand wash, Palmolive Ayur Rituals [ph]. This line with variants such as Energy, Joyous and Tranquility is inspired by the secrets of Indian ayurvedic traditions, which have been known for centuries to help regenerate body and mind.  Another exciting new product is from Sanex, Pro Hydrate bath and shower gels, which help to recover skin's moisture level in a natural way. The products contain natural skin moisturizers and are approved by dermatologists. In the Home Care category, we're launching a range of cleaners called Ajax Pure Home, which purifies surfaces from dirt and bacteria, and help purify the air, thanks to its freshening fragrance with essential oils. So as you can see, we have a busy year ahead in Europe and are encouraged by the breadth of our activity. And as you would expect, we will support these launches with out-of-store and in-store activity, with an even greater emphasis on all that digital has to offer. Turning then, to Latin America. We're very pleased with the continued strong momentum in this part of the world with 14.5% organic sales increase. In addition to the market share increases in toothpaste, toothbrushes and mouthwash, referenced in the press release, we increased shares in shampoos and maintained our solid #2 position in deodorants of over 20%. In Oral Care, we're delighted with the excellent performance of our Colgate Luminous White, which was launched in both Mexico and Brazil in the fourth quarter with highly impactful packaging and will be rolled out across the region in 2012 as a system that incorporates toothbrushes and mouthwash. In Brazil, the extremely positive trade reaction allowed us to achieve 95% of the listing objective among target customers in only one month. Total customer engagement resulted in nearly flawless in-store execution which was accompanied by strong media and digital support. In the month of December, Colgate Luminous White toothpaste reached over a 4 national share, just shy of the toothpaste share for the entire portfolio of one of our competitors. Our share in drugstores is twice the national share.  In Mexico, our results have been equally impressive, again aided by very strong trade support. National Scantrack data shows Colgate Luminous White toothpaste share growing from 2.8% in October, the first month of launch, to more than 10% in the most recent readings. It's the #1 selling SKU in a number of our top customers, and has been 85% incremental to the whitening segment.  In toothbrushes, despite heavy competitive activity, we gained almost a full share point across the region, increasing our year-to-date share to 41%. We are #1 in toothbrushes in every country in the region with the exception of Mexico, where we are fast closing the gap between our nearest competitor. Our market share is up 70 basis points year-to-date to 41.4%, with the most recent reading at 43%.  In mouthwash, our share is up 3.7 points to 34% year-to-date with the most recent read at over 36%. In 2007, our gap with the leading competitor was almost 30 points and it now stands at under 8. As we enter 2012, we have a full pipeline of new products. As noted above, we will roll out the very successful Colgate Luminous whitening system across the region. Other toothpaste launches are slated for later in the year.  In the Personal Care category, we will be continuing the rollout of Lady Speed Stick pH Active and Men's Speed Stick X5 Multi-Protect. Launched first in Mexico at the end of the third quarter, these 2 products have contributed to market share gains in that country, and we hope to see similar successes in other countries. Lady Speed Stick pH Active delivers protection that adapts to a woman, allowing for better protection from sweat and odor. Men's Speed Stick x5 Multi-Protect provides 5 different benefits that last all day.  In the bar soap category, Protex with vitamin E is another exciting new product, which will have a regional launch. This variant combines the long-lasting antibacterial protection of Protex with vitamin E, known to be an essential nutrition for the skin, to keep it healthy, protected and feeling hydrated as well. Protex is the #1 antibacterial bar soap brand across Latin America and has steadily gained share every year for the past 5 years, from 8.3% of the market in 2006 to 14.9% year-to-date and 15.6% in the most recent period. This excellent performance is attributable to a steady dream of innovation and bodes wells for the future. Turning then to Greater Asia/Africa. Momentum in this region continues as well with excellent organic sales growth of 8.5% in the quarter, the strongest growth we have seen in over a year, and well balanced between volume and price. As elsewhere around the world, we have a robust lineup of new products with more to come this year. In the quarter, we maintained our strong leadership position in toothpaste in the fast-growing markets of China, India and Russia. In the toothpaste category, we will be rolling out Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief Enamel Repair, as we are in Europe. Colgate Max White One, which has helped grow share in other markets in the region, will be launched in Turkey, where our market share continues to increase, up almost 150 basis points year-on-year to 27.5%.  Across India, we will be relaunching Colgate Total with improved packaging and integrated marketing support. This should help us maintain our leading year-to-date share of over 50%. We are very pleased that in South Africa, with the launch of Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief toothpaste, Colgate is now the #1 most recommended sensitivity toothpaste by dentists. As you know, our strategy is to not only launch proven global bundles in this fast-growing part of the world, but also from time to time, develop products specifically addressing unique consumer preferences in this region. A good example of a new regional launch is Colgate Slim Soft toothbrush with tapered bristles. The tapered bristles segment is growing very fast across Asia, double-digit in most markets. And this toothbrush is designed to capitalize on this growth. The handle has a simple and ergonomic design, and the 0.01-millimeter superslim tip bristles clean easily between the teeth and along the gum line. While it is still early days, initial results are very promising.  And then Hill's. As in our Colgate business, macroeconomic conditions in the U.S. and Europe have presented a challenge for Hill's. Pleasingly, our high-growth markets are growing double-digit in organic sales with both positive volume and pricing. The weakness in our developed market businesses is related to our Science Diet line and less so to our Prescription Diet products as business in the veterinary channel is improving, accompanied by continuing increases in veterinary endorsements. However, we are encouraged with our ongoing new product activity, which will continue into this year. We told you last quarter about Science Diet Ideal Balance. Consumption for the product is growing and bringing new households into the brand. A fully integrated marketing campaign, including digital media, was launched in the fourth quarter. Business also continues to build around our launch last year of Science Diet Healthy Advantage, a wellness food available exclusively through the vet channels. Distribution is now ahead of our original forecast due to sampling of vet healthcare teams, in-clinic awareness centers, as well as pet owner trial rebates and new pet kits. We have additional products slated for this year along with healthy support behind them. In addition, we will be partnering with the Food Network to increase awareness of Science Diet Ideal Balance to advertorials, patch books and mobile banners to further establish the product as a natural option in the premium segment by increasing awareness and communicating the ingredients in perfect balance message. All this activity, combined with our ongoing veterinary staff education and feeding programs should bode well for 2012. So in summary, we're pleased with this strong finish to the year, and believe we have the right strategies in place to continue to deliver solid results in 2012 despite global macroeconomic challenges. We're looking forward to a strong year of investment and volume growth, and continued acceleration in our market shares worldwide. Our leadership team is committed to winning on the ground with superior execution behind an ever-increasing flow of innovative new products. We have a full pipeline of new products, spanning all price points to enable us to succeed in developed and emerging markets alike. And we look forward to sharing our results as we go through the year. That's all I have for my prepared remarks, Lisa, and now, we'd like to open the floor for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from John Faucher with JP Morgan.
John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just wanted to ask a question about the change in the earnings target from sort of dollar-based to currency neutral and how we should read into that? You guys have traditionally talked about the playbook that you have in place, particularly in emerging markets, to deal with a stronger dollar in terms of more pricing, and that's what we saw in 2009. So does this signal a shift in the playbook sort of longer-term? Are you talking about this just in the context of 2012? So can you just sort of give us some updates in terms of how we should think about your longer-term guidance given this change this year.
Ian M. Cook: Yes, let's try and put this into some sort of context, John. I -- you will remember when we spoke last, on the last call, that we were just entering our budget process. And we said that it was our goal to try and get back to double-digit growth. And at that time, as I'm sure you and others have done, if you looked at the prevailing foreign exchange rates, a 10% growth in dollars was the same as a 10% growth in local currency. I guess what has changed for 2012 is the volatility we saw since that time and coming into this call. We are very pleased with the fourth quarter. We made good progress, we think, on the top line, 6% organic. We made better progress than we expected on the gross margin line and expect that to continue going forward. But given the volatility in currency for 2012, felt that taking on that volatility was not prudent, would potentially put pressure on our ability to support the business, and so for this year, felt it was better to guide currency neutral. Again, we'll have to look at the world foreign exchange position as we work our way through 2012 into the out years to see what happens. But I think from the macro point of view, continued volatility certainly in 2012 must be the expectation.
John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. So does that mean that you're not planning on guiding currency neutral forever? I mean, it sounds like you're just saying this is just a 2012 issue.
Ian M. Cook: That's what I'm saying.
John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And in terms of the view of pricing in Latin America, is that just again sort of a 1-year -- or emerging markets generally, that's just a 1-year issue as well and we'll revisit that in 2013 in terms of using that to offset the price -- the FX?
Ian M. Cook: Well, the -- let's be clear. When we -- as we think about this, obviously, to make the gross margin progress we expect to make, and as Bina said, well within our 75 to 125 range, we will obviously be taking pricing in countries affected from a transaction point of view to make the gross margin progress. So the playbook is very much in place in terms of offsetting transaction, but it did not want to stretch it to the translation end of it.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll now go to our next question from Ali Dibadj with Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: I wanted to push on this a little bit further. Given that the Colgate we knew would be able to offset commodities and currencies no matter what volatility through pricing, and then continue to expand margins, we've seen tougher times on gross margins, we've seen tougher times on volatility in currencies, and you haven't changed your guidance then. Why now? And I guess, is it really just because of global macro problems that obviously we're all aware of, or is there even any potentially Colgate-specific issue that's at play here?
Ian M. Cook: I think you're taking it too far, Ali, if I might say. We do believe it is the global volatility. Interestingly, if you go back historically, usually, commodities and foreign exchange were countervailing factors. We're not seeing that right now. You know in 2011 that the commodities headwind we had to face was double what we thought coming into the year, and looking at 2012, whilst the rate of increase is indeed slowing, we think it'll be between 2% and 3%, it is still at elevated levels and we're not seeing the usual correlation or loose correlation between foreign exchange and commodities. And that is a global factor, not a Colgate factor.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. So in that context then, can you help me understand a few things: One is, volumes in China were down, why? Two is, exclusive of Optic White and other innovations in the U.S., volumes probably weren't that robust, so maybe tell me how much was from the innovation from the U.S. volumes? And then lastly, again, in the same context, Venezuela pricing drove almost all of your pricing in Latin America because it sounds like you were prepared for these Chavez changes and you took the move in December. So what pricing you take outside Venezuela and Latin America? So again, in the context of it's only a 1-year thing, we're going to get over this, China, U.S. volume and Venezuela, would be very helpful.
Ian M. Cook: Sure. Well let's start, in no particular order, with Venezuela. And of course, in that context, the new government regulations came into effect towards the end of last year, and the guidance we are giving in terms of our approach to 2012 is obviously compliant with government regulation, with no pricing, no new pricing assumption in Venezuela, but continued progress in pricing across the world including Latin America. So Venezuela is out of the picture and the rest of the Latin countries will take to offset the transaction, as we said. Optic, the whole point in the U.S. was to return to growth and return to positive pricing. We've stepped up innovation in the second half, and we're actually thrilled with the progress of our U.S. business and our progress in the Oral Care category as being the outline. Here you have a situation where the consumer sees value and the benefit they're getting, and the manufacturer and retail share in the growth and the margin expansion that quality of innovation provides. And frankly, one would look for more of that in the U.S. business and beyond, which is what we're focused on rather than taking it out and looking at the business without that innovation. So it is a particular strategy to try and create that type of innovation, and as Bina commented, with the kind of early results we're seeing in Latin America, when you transfer it, it has global applicability. In the case of China, obviously for the year, we continued in Greater China to see what we thought was good progress. We lifted our organic rate of growth for the year to about 10% with underlying volume running at about 8%. Our market share in China continues to be in the 32, 33 zone, leading the category by 10 points, and that share has been consistent across the year. And the fourth quarter was impacted by inventory adjustments with some of our distributors in the rural parts of the company, and we feel confident we will come back in 2012. So not a fundamental issue, a quarter issue.
Operator: And for our next question we'll go to Wendy Nicholson with Citi Investment Research.
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: My first question on the gross margin target, is your confidence in being able to get to that 75 to 125 basis points of expansion more on the cost side or on the product mix side? Because it strikes me, given how much promotional spending levels are probably going to remain elevated around the world, maybe that's an aggressive target.
Ian M. Cook: I mean to -- let's come back to material costs. As I said in response to an earlier question, as you know, where coming into 2011, we thought material costs were going to rise in the 6% to 7% range. They actually rose in the 12% to 13% range. And going forward, the first thing to say is that our estimation is that material commodity cost increases will be in the 2% to 3% range. And that is more than offsetable with a continued strong Funding the Growth program, which we expect, and pricing in 2012, which is partly the rollover of the pricing, we think, we balanced well in the second half of 2011 between price and volume. Let me bring you back and use this opportunity to give you the roll through for the fourth quarter and give some sense of how that is beginning to play out. In the fourth quarter, now this of course, takes us from the fourth quarter gross profit 2010 to the fourth quarter gross profit this year. So last year, our gross profit was 59.1%. And if we look at the bridge to the 57.7 this year, we got a benefit of 1.2 percentage points from the pricing we took, up from what we delivered in the third quarter because of the higher pricing. Our Funding the Growth, consistent with our trend historically, delivered 260 basis points of benefit, which was up from the third quarter of this year and up from the fourth quarter of last year. Material prices ebbed somewhat, a headwind of minus 5.1 percentage points, which compared with 5.3 in the prior quarter, so you see that plateauing, but still at elevated levels. And net, that works its way through to the 57.7, down 140 basis points. Progressive improvement, as Bina said, we expect that progressive improvement to continue into the first quarter of 2012. We don't think we'll quite get back to the first quarter of 2011 gross margin, but it will be close. And then with our normal trend of Funding the Growth with our normal trend of pricing, excluding Venezuela as a factor, we feel very confident we will be in that 75 to 125 basis points range. And a key driver is that the pace of commodity increase will lessen year-on-year.
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And if I can just follow up one question specifically on the outlook, commodity versus pricing. Pricing in Europe has been weak this year, and I assume some of that is just currency-related, but is there anything specific to Europe from a macro, from a consumer perspective that makes you think that pricing is going to remain tough to take to offset the currency headwind? That's question #1. But then my bigger-picture question, and I promise then I will stop, is the change not only in terms of the guidance to local currency, but also the change of not giving us any quarterly direction by regions? I'm probably thinking too much about it or reacting too strongly, but is there a risk that the thing that has made Colgate sort of so unusual and so special for so long, a decade longer, has been just the incredible analytical focus, the incredible close touch on the numbers, the fact, I think, that historically, you've paid your employees in dollars and so that's what's motivated them to take that pricing in the emerging markets to offset currency headwinds? Is there a risk that Colgate is falling off of some of the very sharp discipline managing every region, every line, that kind of thing? Does that make any sense?
Ian M. Cook: The question makes sense, the answer to the question is absolutely, definitely not.
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: That's a shock.
Ian M. Cook: And when we think about building our business, we will take pricing, we will deliver the Funding the Growth initiatives that will grow our gross margin in that 75 to 125 basis points area. We did not, in these volatile times, which many of you have written about, want to take an imprudent stance of reaching to cover the translation impact of a bouncing foreign exchange, which worsened dramatically from the time we started our budget. And we think this is an appropriate way to manage the business in these turbulent times. We're going to see good top line growth next year. We're going to see good margin expansion next year. We're going to see an increase in advertising investment. We're going to see a reduction in our structural cost as a ratio to sales. All the initiatives that we have had for all of these years are absolutely going to continue. And in local currency terms, we will be growing the bottom line by double digits. So the internal discipline is not going to change at all. One of the other things though you have seen with Colgate over the years, depending on where the world macros go, is an ability to react between geographies to adjust to whatever turbulence there may be from a global macro point of view. And we will retain that flexibility, and we don't think that providing specific guidance by geography at this time does anything other than set up a potential botcher if a number is missed because we've had to make an adjustment from one geography to another even though the company as a whole delivers well from a top line and a bottom line point of view. So we don't think it adds anything. It absolutely doesn't change the discipline internally, nor does it change the flexibility that we have, I think, the judgment to use and have done well so in the past to adjust between geographies as necessary. And to your final point about pricing in general, Europe, as you know, has always been a difficult area from a pricing point of view. We were very pleased with the progress we made in the other half of the developed world in North America with the innovation stream we have, bringing North America into positive pricing territory in the fourth quarter, with an expectation that, that will continue next year. And we look to make sequential progress on pricing in Europe in 2012.
Bina H. Thompson: Wendy, where our discipline is failing is getting people to ask one question and then get back into the queue. There's at least 15 questions on the queue so please, can you limit yourself to one question.
Operator: And we'll now take our next question from Chris Ferrara with Bank of America.
Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So I guess the question is on competition, right? Obviously, we've seen increased competition from P&G. This is nothing new globally, in oral care quite a while. Europe's probably their latest push, and your shares are strong, but I guess profit was down in Europe despite Sanex, right. So I guess the question is, can you take a step back and just update us on the impact of competition to margins going forward? Because I think commodities and pricing have obscured a lot over the last year, right? But obviously, you're guiding back to double-digit EPS growth through this year on a currency neutral basis. Is that because the competitive spending is more rational? It doesn't seem like it, right? Or it's lapped or decreasing, or is it simply a function of the fact that pricing is now ahead of commodity inflation for 2012 so you can do the double-digits despite higher levels of competition?
Ian M. Cook: Chris, competition has always been a factor, and the aspect of it that we have resisted is what one might call price-driven competition. And competition at its best is innovation-led competition, and that's a world we are, I think, well-equipped and happy to compete in, and Optic and the equivalent with Luminous being rolled out around the world are good examples of precisely that. When you look at geographies around the world where new entries have been made -- the Brazils, for example, the U.K.s, as Bina said, our shares continue to grow, and that is even before the benefit of the Optic or the Luminous toothpastes hit our market share. So we feel good about our relative market position. There is no question that the competitive price promotion in those markets continues to be elevated and we compete with it where we choose to and where not, certainly not at the same level as our focus is on innovation to build the business. Now when you look at the geographies around the world and the consumers' behavior around the world, what we have seen is that in the developed world with more of the purchasing decisions being made at retail, we have seen programs executed in retail outlets, what we call shopper marketing, which you don't see in the advertising number, it comes out of the trade spending. And we are, as we have said for some time, balancing our marketing techniques to take advantage of the in-store activity, where that's good, and use the more fundamental basic engagement advertising where we believe that is important. But you look at the structure of our income statement and what we're saying about 2012, I think we're exhibiting an ability to grow the top line while taking pricing, recover and then expand our gross margin, find funding from reducing structural costs as a percentage to sales, so that we can, as Bina said in the beginning, keep building our market shares around the world, which empirically, if you look at the data, is what we are doing.
Operator: And for our next question, we'll go to Connie Maneaty with BMO Capital.
Constance Marie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: You said in the press release and on the call that organic sales in developing markets rose 12% and that would include the decline in China. Could you tell us what the growth rate, organic sales growth rate, was of developed markets and how these 2 markets are now defined? Because they're not on a straight segment basis, but percentage of total of each one.
Ian M. Cook: Well, first of all, the -- in Greater China, our organic sales were up. It was the volume that was modestly down. Today, we are about 51%, 52% in the emerging markets, and the definitions of those would be broadly, as you would expect, which is that North America and Europe would be developed markets, as would Australasia, and the rest broadly would be emerging markets.
Bina H. Thompson: Connie, that's spelled out in Table 8 in the press release.
Operator: And for our next question we'll go to Javier Escalante with Consumer Edge Research.
Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: I have a housekeeping question that I hope is not taken as that I'm cheating. And the housekeeping question is, if you can comment what was the growth, EPS growth, in 2011 excluding the benefit from currency if we're going to be starting to compare currency neutral? And in terms of my longer-term question or my more strategic question has to do with the relationship between how you get to the double-digit earnings growth currency neutral in 2012? We saw pricing power diminish in 2011. What is going to change in 2012? You're talking about North America stabilizing, but profits were down mid-single digits on top of double digits last year. The same thing can be said about Europe. And if you can comment on what was your saving targets? What was -- how much savings you extracted in 2011 and how that is going to compare in 2012? So could you help us understand how -- what exactly is controllable and that we can believe? Because the assumption that the diminished pricing power in 2011 changing in 2012 is a risky one.
Ian M. Cook: Well, the -- let's take the strategic question first, given that, that is more important. Our savings programs, if that's the place to start, our saving programs, we believe, will be as effective in 2012 as they have been in 2010 and 2011. And we have been very transparent after the fact of the precise contribution of those savings programs to our gross margin, and they will continue. I think, that's something we have demonstrated over many years that you can believe in. Secondly, we have said for at least 2 years now that we had been focusing on reducing our structural costs on a ratio basis to sales. We did that in 2011. We told you about the divestment of the detergent business in Colombia earlier -- or late last year and the effect that, that will have in 2012. So I think you can believe in that as well. And I would challenge this notion of lack of pricing power. We took greater pricing in the third -- in the fourth quarter of last year and held volume at a 4.5, 4.7 rate of growth, organic growth's strong at 6.1%. We believe that we can continue that in 2012, balancing the volume between the rollover of the pricing that we have already taken in 2011 and new pricing in 2012. In neither of those 2 years would the pricing be close to what we had done in 2008 and 2009. And we're seeing market shares and consumption grow, and again, Optic or Sensitive Pro-Relief would be good examples where if you bring the consumer a benefit he or she values, they will pay a higher price for what they believe to be a superior product. And I think you can believe that innovation stream will continue. So for me, those would be the 3 factors. We'll get the same benefit from our Funding the Growth, which is why we're comfortable with the 75 to 125 basis points expansion, we will get rollover and fresh pricing in 2012 without prejudicing the top line. We've already shown after many quarters our ability to get pricing into positive territory here in the U.S., innovation-driven. So we don't see, we don't have the same disbelief, I guess, Javier, that you may be expressing. And with that commodity headwind in the 2% to 3% range, that's something we can offset and continue to rebuild gross margin.
Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: But if I can, I mean, if this doesn't count as a question, right? Just for clarification. If I get into your -- if I back into your numbers, Funding the Growth came in at around $325 million. You had said in the past that the target is between $300 million and $600 million, so it certainly came in at the low end. Funding the Growth needed to be supplemented with these restructuring programs that we didn't know about it. So it seems to me that Funding the Growth is kind of like delivering at the low end of expectations. And then coming back to the pricing side, basically, pricing came, relative to the past, came in really, really late. And yes, you took pricing in the -- pricing seems to be stabilizing in the U.S., but at the same time, profits are down high single-digit on top of double digits. So it's just hard to understand how you get to sustainable double-digit growth.
Ian M. Cook: It sounded to me like a question, Javier. So the quick answer, before we move on, is we invested behind the premium innovation in the U.S., and we said we were going to do that. And so we did that, and as a company, delivered what we said we were going to deliver. So that was purposeful and intentional. And as we have said before, we make judgments across geographies. And the fundamental flaw in the reasoning on the Funding the Growth question is all you're seeing there is the Funding the Growth benefit that we are getting on the gross margin line, not the totality of the Funding the Growth savings that are working their way through the entire income statement.
Javier Escalante - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: But that was my first question, Ian, what was the total savings? If you could help us understand what was the total saving in 2011 for Funding the Growth excluding -- including SG&A and what is the target for 2012.
Ian M. Cook: We're not going to give that number, Javier, simply said. We have said very clearly that we have initiatives on the structural side. You see it in the ratio to sales as we report results, and we give very clear run through of what we get on the gross margin side. Beyond that, we're not prepared to go.
Operator: And we'll now take our next question from Bill Schmitz from Deutsche Bank.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Can I do the same thing with a housekeeping question and then a real question? What do you think the pricing is going to be in 2012 and what you think the tax rate's going to be?
Ian M. Cook: Bill, the -- on the pricing side, I would say the pricing is going to be the same order of magnitude as we saw this year. And given where we are today, frankly, about half of that is going to be a rollover effect of pricing already taken, which is why we feel okay about the pricing. On the tax side of things, obviously, we have a lot of focus on tax savings initiatives and the impact of our capital structure and remittance planning. And for next year, we're looking at a tax guideline of between 31% and 32%.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, great. And then for my "real question," have you thought about the portfolio more broadly again, and specifically Home Care and Hill's? Because obviously, it's been a little bit of a drag and probably the toughest businesses, especially because there's so much home care in Europe, and it's -- obviously private label taking a fair bit of market share. So has anything changed in terms of what the priorities are for those 2 businesses and maybe even thinking longer term about where they belong in the portfolio?
Ian M. Cook: We constantly revisit the portfolio. As you would imagine, we most recently did it as part of our strategic process around the middle of last year. And at this time, we have no revised prioritization or plans on the portfolio we have.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And I mean just to expand that, what does Home Care and Hill's do for the broader business besides maybe giving you some more scale?
Ian M. Cook: It gives trade strength in parts of the world where on those businesses, we lead. As you know, the Home Care business is a regional business. In those regions, it gives us trade strength. And the Hill's business has historically given us growth, which we are building back to, and also is a very strong cash contributor.
Operator: We'll now take our next question from Linda Bolton Weiser with Caris.
Linda Bolton-Weiser - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: So I was wondering, the information you gave, the color on China for the year in terms of sales growth and volume growth and market share trends, could you give the same type of stuff for Russia for 2011?
Ian M. Cook: Well, we continue to have market-leading share in Russia, which is between 31% and 32%. And I don't think we tend to give country breakdown from an income statement point of view, but suffice to say that we ended the year with organic growth double-digit, and the business, I would say, on a very good uptick. So shares are good and we ended the year very nicely.
Linda Bolton-Weiser - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, can I sneak in one more on commodities? I guess I'm a little confused with the comment that your input costs will be up year-over-year in 2012 because I'm looking at comparisons for most commodities that are actually down year-over-year for the full year 2012. So is your projection including in anticipation that spot prices will move up from where they are or can you just explain a little bit more?
Ian M. Cook: Slightly in some categories, but no, it's been a straight run through in terms of the commodity costs. So -- and our oil assumption, which I think is around 110, 113 Brent. So no, it's a straight roll through, Linda.
Linda Bolton-Weiser - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: And is Hill's actually experiencing some -- I mean, Hill's margin was very good in the quarter. Are the agricultural commodities actually down now year-over-year? Or what was the reason for the good Hill's margin in the quarter?
Ian M. Cook: Pricing. We took pricing in Hill's and we got the organic growth we were looking for, so.
Operator: And we'll go to Joe Lachky with Wells Fargo.
Joe Lachky - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I'm subbing in for Tim Conder today. I guess first, I just wanted to get the unanswered Javier question on what was the 2011 EPS benefit from currency. And then I was also hoping you could give some foreign exchange kind of framework, if possible, since it's fairly easy to figure the sales impact from foreign exchange, but harder to gauge the bottom line impact with all the moving parts. Do you guys have any sort of internal sensitivities you could provide like some other consumer companies have? For example, like a 1% change in net foreign exchange on the top line is an x percent or an x dollar impact to EPS?
Ian M. Cook: I think the way we framed it, Joe, is that we expect the impact on the bottom line to be around 4%. As the current spot rates, the top line is slightly less than that, approximately 3%.
Joe Lachky - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: That's helpful. And then on 2011, what was the benefit to EPS from currency?
Ian M. Cook: Between 2% and 3%.
Operator: And we'll now go to Alice Longley with Buckingham Research.
Alice Beebe Longley - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: My questions are all sort of housekeeping as well. I think you said the gross margin would be actually down in the first quarter. So could you clarify if EPS growth is going to be second half weighted and if EPS will actually be up in the first quarter?
Ian M. Cook: We said that gross margin, from a gross margin point of view, we will continue to make progress sequentially as we did between the third and the fourth quarter. You will remember what we actually did slightly better in the fourth quarter than we were expecting. And we expect to continue to make progress in the first quarter, although we will be slightly shy of the first quarter 2011 level. And we expect EPS to be up broadly in line with the year.
Alice Beebe Longley - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: In the first quarter, okay. And then when you said double-digit increase in EPS for the year, x currency, does that mean in the range of 10% to 12%? Or could it be 15% to 20%? What does double-digit mean, a little bit more explicitly?
Ian M. Cook: Alice, it means 10%.
Alice Beebe Longley - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: It means 10%, okay. And then, could you tell us about operating margins? We've heard about gross margins for 2012. Are operating margins going to be flat, up or down?
Ian M. Cook: We don't provide that as you well know, Alice. So we give you the work-through in terms of the top line and the gross profit, and advertising will be up absolutely and as a percent to sales. And we will deliver in a currency neutral way, double-digit with that 4% headwind of translation and foreign exchange.
Alice Beebe Longley - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. And then my final one is on the sales guidance. You told us volume, 4% to 7%. And then you just said pricing would be about the same as 2011. Pricing got pretty strong by the fourth quarter, but for the year overall, I believe it was 1%.
Ian M. Cook: I'm sorry, I misspoke earlier. I meant more in line with the fourth quarter of 2011.
Alice Beebe Longley - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. So it's more like 3%. So you're expecting organic sales growth to be high single-digit, right?
Ian M. Cook: I -- we certainly expect the volume to be in that 4 to 7 range. I think a reasonable way of looking at it is organic growth in the 6% to 7% range for the year.
Alice Beebe Longley - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: 6% to 7%, including the 3% pricing?
Ian M. Cook: Yes.
Alice Beebe Longley - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: The math doesn't work. Because with the 3% pricing on top of 4% to 7% volume, the organic sales growth would be 7% to 10%.
Ian M. Cook: It depends on where in the range of 4% to 7% you are.
Alice Beebe Longley - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. So it sounds like what you're really comfortable with is the 4%.
Ian M. Cook: No. We're saying you can look at our performance across the third and fourth quarter, that's the kind of pacing we're expecting next year.
Alice Beebe Longley - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. And then if we take that 6% to 7% organic sales growth and take off 3 points for currency, it looks like you're looking for reported sales to be up 3% to 4%. So...
Ian M. Cook: I think Alice, you're -- we're going to have to move on. We have lots of questions. I think we've answered with about as much detail...
Alice Beebe Longley - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: But basically, operating margins are sort of flattish...
Delia H. Thompson: Alice, why don't you give me a call and I'll be happy to work to you.
Operator: We'll now go to Lauren Lieberman with Barclays Capital.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I just wanted to talk a little bit about advertising. I respect the decision in terms of how you're looking at 2012 to say you want to protect investment levels in the business and not leave that subject to sort of broader volatility from a macro and FX standpoint. But this year, the advertising spending, and maybe even inclusive of promotion, does still feel like it was below what might have been planned or expected at the start of what was to be a big reinvestment year. With the really solid top line performance you put up, I mean maybe the answer is we're asking the wrong question because you guys think you spend the right number already. And so I just want some perspective on -- maybe you don't think advertising actually really needs to go up to deliver the kind of top line growth that you want over the long term.
Ian M. Cook: Yes, Lauren, a good strategic question. I think the way we have tried to answer this historically, and I talked about it a little bit earlier, is to say that what one deploys in order to build brands, market share and the volume, that brings our engagement strategies with consumers. The most common proxy for that is the so-called below-the-line advertising, which then gets distilled into a ratio. But that's the sampling, the television advertising, the digital strategies that you deploy. And some of it is above the line in terms of the trade-related activity that is executed at retail level. And that's because techniques allow you to engage with the consumer, many of whom are making their purchasing decisions, particularly in the developed world when they are in the shopping environment, and that's how we approached this year. So if you look at our overall commercial investment, we actually increased our commercial investment year-on-year. So it's really back to this notion of balancing. We really balance between the activity we do in the retail environment, which is more developed world-oriented, and the investment we put in the emerging markets, and that is a roll-up that we do from the ground up. And then we react to that during the year as events unfold. So actually -- and advertising level that we have today, we think, is a reasonable level. Our plans for next year call for it to move up slightly.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Caroline Levy with CLSA.
Caroline S. Levy - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Very briefly, if you could explain, just give us a sense of how Sanex is performing. Because it is in Europe, Europe's been tougher than expected overall. Has it been worse than expected for Sanex as well? And then did you reduce share repurchases relative to a year ago in '11 because of the Sanex acquisition? And if so, do you think you'll see an acceleration in share repurchases this year?
Ian M. Cook: We -- Sanex is doing well. We are excited both by the progress, which is on plan generally and ahead of plan on the top line. And we have said before, the expansion opportunities we see for Sanex going forward. In terms of our share repurchasing, I think as we think about 2012, we should think about share repurchasing at around the same level that we had in 2011. And there was a little bit of pullback relative to the Sanex acquisition in 2011, as you would expect, as we maintain our AA- rating. And you know the borrowing capabilities we have and the benefit we get from maintaining that ratio.
Operator: And for our next question, we'll go to Jon Andersen with William Blair.
Jon Andersen - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I just had a quick question on the 4% to 7% volume growth outlook for 2012. That is higher than you achieved in 2011 and I think the highest rate since maybe 2008. So I'm just curious, should we think about that as being kind of innovation-driven, a stronger set of new products for 2012, or kind of just improving macro or market conditions? Just trying to get a better handle on that.
Ian M. Cook: Jon, well, first of all, 4% to 7% is a range. And you may recall or know that, that has been our historical range for a long time. And obviously, in turbulent times, as we saw in 2008 and '09 and as the world, I guess, is in today, companies have to balance, which I think as what Bina said earlier, what we get from a volume point of view and what we get from a price point of view. And we think in the second half of 2011, we balanced well a healthy rate of volume growth in the 4.5% to 5% range and managed to secure pricing, ending the fourth quarter of the year with pricing at 3%. So I would say in broad terms, within that range, that's how you might like to think about 2012.
Operator: And we'll now go to Nik Modi with UBS.
Nik Modi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just a quick question on cost savings. If you can just provide some specifics on what you're planning for 2012? Just so we can understand the source of those savings.
Ian M. Cook: The -- well, we have lots. I mean, we focus on Funding the Growth, as I was trying to explain earlier, on what we call direct costs, which are the costs that go into the gross margin, and indirect costs, which are those things the company buys that don't directly go to product. And interestingly, about half of what we buy are the direct costs and half of what we buy are indirect costs. And when we think about Funding the Growth savings, it really covers the waterfront. We think about simplification. We think about synchronization, as we have talked before. We think about the efficiency of our trade spending and the return on investment we get there. We think of material alternatives, formula alternatives, process alternatives. We get savings from capital spending where our rates of return, from a savings point of view, are extraordinarily high, and that will be the way we continue to think about savings from a Funding the Growth point of view. On top of that, as we said last quarter, we have the structural cost savings that we are bringing to the income statement relative to the Colombian detergent business that we sold last year. But when you think about it, Nik, it really is with the benefit of SAP that gives us visibility across all aspects of the business, challenging all areas of cost opportunity, both direct, those that go into the product, and indirect.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Mark Astrachan with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: So following up on a previous question, I guess I shouldn't read too much into the fact that Michael is resigning. He had responsibility for the Hill's business in terms of how that plays into the future of the business. And just secondly, Europe, North America trends, can you just comment through the quarter? Did they get better, worse, both from a sales standpoint and promotion standpoint?
Ian M. Cook: Mark, Michael's retirement was long planned and we gave him the responsibilities he had at the end of an illustrious 41-year career. And we have clear plans about where the business will go, and I can promise you that Michael's departure has nothing to do with the Hill's business or any of the other businesses that he has managed in Colgate. In Europe and North America, the mood, of course, is good. In North America, I think we said -- you see it in the numbers, you see it in the pricing, and you see it in the market shares. So our year ended brightly in North America and we look for that innovation-led growth to continue. In the case of Europe, Sanex, as we've said, is adding well to our European business. Obviously, the economic, social and category overtones are not strong in Europe. We have known that for some time. They have not changed. The categories are growing at rates we have said before. And we're quite optimistic about our ability to continue to make progress in Europe, recognizing the slowing growth of the categories, which is why we have the structural cost initiatives that we have. But the European group was, actually happens to be in, and the mood is quite good in Europe, I would say.
Operator: And we'll now go to Jason Gere with RBC Capital Markets.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: The quick housekeeping is just the other expense line. It's been so volatile over the last few years with FX. I was just wondering if you could provide maybe a range, how we should think about that for 2012. And then just the bigger question on SG&A, going back to some of the structural cost savings. I was just wondering -- I mean if you look at the fourth quarter with a very strong sales number, it didn't get as much leverage, I was just -- in the fourth quarter versus third quarter, it was similar type of growth. So I was wondering, is that the timing of savings or is it currency? And how should we think about this component for 2012 in terms of the similar type of reduction as a percentage of sales, similar to what we've seen in 2011 and '10?
Ian M. Cook: Yes. The -- when you talk about the overhead side of things, it is timing. The benefit will come in 2012. I guess that's the simple answer to that question. On other income and expense, I guess the way one has to think about it is the balance from the fourth quarter of '10 to '11 was really the impact of the Venezuelan announcement in 2010 that was to do with the remeasurement of the balance sheet, where they moved from the dual rate to one rate. So that was the effect there. I don't have a forward projection of that line, Jason.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And just to clarify on the SG&A question, so we should see an acceleration of the cost savings in 2012 versus -- I mean, I think it was a 20 basis point improvement in '11 and 30 in 2010. So we should see something more meaningful in 2012? Is that correct?
Ian M. Cook: We will see improvements in 2012, Jason. And we had said we would see the full benefit of the costs that we offset with the onetime gain. And I think we said on a call before that we would expect the savings ratio of that to be consistent with the kinds of rates of return that we had delivered before, which were in that 30% to 40% range.
Operator: We'll now go to John San Marco with Janney Capital Markets.
John P. San Marco - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Can you provide additional detail on the advertising decline in Lat Am such as what markets drove it? And I guess why you decreased ad spend and then maybe what your competitors did in this regard?
Ian M. Cook: No, is the answer. But in truth, the -- we did not reduce advertising in Latin America. It was up year-on-year.
Operator: And we'll now go to Lauren DeSanto with Morningstar.
Lauren DeSanto - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: I'd like to ask about kind of what trends you're seeing at the premium end of your oral care portfolio, kind of specifically to what degree coupons and promotions and then the trade spending that you've discussed already, kind of to what degree they're driving sales growth, and kind of just to get a feel for how much they've accelerated as growth drivers for this premium portfolio kind of over the past few years. Any detail on this would be very helpful.
Ian M. Cook: Well, I think what I'd say, Lauren, is that what we were trying to say earlier, we learned an interesting lesson, if you go back to the subprime, which is playing out again with Optic White and Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief, and that is when consumers, whether they're developed-world consumers or so-called emerging-market consumers, adopt a premium product, it's because they see a value and a benefit in that product. And even when times get challenging, they stay with that product. So in 2008 and 2009, despite the macro pressures, consumers, whether in the U.S. or in Brazil, stayed with premium products. We are now seeing again, with CSPR and the Optic White product here in the U.S., which is moving around the world, terrific consumer response to what they see as a valuable new addition to the toothpaste category. And by all means, one uses couponing here in the U.S. and other trial-generating devices to build the trial for a product. Again, as Bina said earlier, that is exhibiting some very strong repeat purchase rates. So the answer is that, that kind of consumer engagement strategy is indeed building trial and repeat for good premium-priced products. And once consumers adopt them, they stay with them.
Lauren DeSanto - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Yes, I guess I was just trying to get more of a sense for a kind of like over the horizon of the repeat. So obviously, for the trial, and kind of maybe the initial kind of purchase cycle, but over the horizon of owning, engaging in buying these products, are the premium -- is the premium end of your portfolio kind of being propped up more and more by couponing and promotions? That's kind of what I was trying to get at.
Ian M. Cook: No. Frankly, you would say slightly less, and in any event, they end up obviously being accretive.
Operator: That concludes today's question-and-answer session. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to our speakers.
Ian M. Cook: I guess, I'm the speaker. Okay. Well, thank you very much for joining us today, and we look forward to reporting our progress in our turbulent world. And a big thank you to all of the Colgate folks around that world who make it happen.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-27 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Bina H. Thompson - Vice President of Investor Relations Ian M. Cook - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
Analysts: Javier Escalante - Morgan Stanley Caroline S. Levy - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Joe Lachky - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division William B. Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Alice Beebe Longley - Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Jon Andersen - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Joseph Altobello - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Co. Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded and is also being simulcast live at www.colgate.com. [Operator Instructions] At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson. Please go ahead.
Bina H. Thompson: Thank you, and good morning, everybody, and welcome to our Third Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, Chairman, President and CEO; Dennis Hickey, CFO; Victoria Dolan, Corporate Controller; and Elaine Paik, Treasurer. This conference call will include forward-looking statements. And these statements are made on the basis of our views and assumptions as of this time, and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual events or results may differ materially from these statements. For information about certain factors that could cause such differences, investors should consult our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on our website, including the information set forth under the captions Risk Factors and Cautionary Statements on Forward-looking Statements. We will discuss organic sales growth, excluding foreign exchange, acquisitions and divestitures. We will also discuss gross profit margin, operating profit, net income and earnings per share, excluding the impact of the one-time items described in the press release. A full reconciliation with the corresponding GAAP measures is included in the Press Release and is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.colgate.com. Now as Ian said in this morning's press release, we are indeed very pleased with our strong topline performance this quarter. As you've seen, it's been accelerating consistently throughout the year. Volume is going nicely and the pricing we had said we will begin to implement is contributing to sales as well. Market shares are increasing in much of our business. Globally, our shares are up in toothpaste, manual toothbrushes, mouthwash, bar soaps, body wash, household cleaners and fabric conditioners. Category growth rates continue to be robust in the developing market and has stopped their decline in developed markets. The even sale split within the fast-growing emerging markets and the more mature markets provide the good balance for our business.  As you saw, our gross margin decreased and was down more than we had projected, when we spoke to you last quarter and this was due to 2 factors: Number 1, as we told you we would, we were able to realize price increases, although due to the competitive activity there were not as strong as we had forecast. And secondly, at the same time, raw material cost increases were greater than we had forecast coming into the quarter. While commodity prices in the market have come off their highs, there is a lag between market movements and the time when they flow through our income statement.  On the other hand, we've seen very good progress in reducing our overhead expenses. This has been a renewed focus for us over the last year and it is beginning to pay off. Encouragingly, with a gain from the sale of our Laundry Detergent business in Colombia beginning this quarter, we have implemented and are continuing to implement a number of business re-alignments and other cost savings initiatives around the world which should generate even further savings as we head into next year. We expect this to continue to provide the funds to increase advertising behind our exciting new product launches as well as our base business. And our balance sheet remains strong. Return on capital increased to 36.8% and as referenced in the press release, our working capital declined as percent of sales.  So let's turn to the divisions starting with North America. As we have told you, much of the new product activity here in the U.S. is happening in the second half of this year. We're very encouraged by the success of all these launches across categories which is reflected in the good volume performance in the quarter. In addition, we grew organic sales for the first time in four quarters.  First and foremost is our launch of Colgate Optic White toothpaste and toothbrush which have met with great success. As you know, Colgate Optic White toothpaste is a unique formula which provides whiter teeth in just one week. The companion toothbrush has special whitening cups and polishing bristles. Our year-to-date toothpaste share referenced in the press release is at 35.8%, which is the market-leading position. And our share for the month of September climbed to 38%. In September, both the toothpaste and toothbrush were the number one selling SKUs in their respective Oral Care categories. We also launched Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief toothpaste with a companion toothbrush and they have met with success as well.  In the Personal Care category we told you last quarter, about the introduction of Softsoap brand bar soap. This new product has driven our bar soap share to a 12.6% in latest period. And we've been active in the Home Care category as well, in terms of innovation. Our new Ultra Palmolive soft touch dishwashing liquid is doing very well, driving incremental share. On a year-to-date basis, our overall dish liquid share increased 50 basis points.  And this month, we shipped another variant in our Sensorials line, Ultra Palmolive Sensorial Pomegranate. Since fragrance continues to be a key growth driver for Home Care products, this product builds on this insight by offering the fresh scent of pomegranate, while providing powerful grease-cutting action. So we're very excited about all this activity which will, of course, be supported by a full range of in- and out-of-store activities.  Looking ahead then to the fourth quarter. Volume in North America is expected to grow modestly with organic sales growing at the same pace. Operating profit is expected to be down double digit as we step up the pace of our advertising.  Turning to Europe, South Pacific. This region of the world remains very challenging from a macroeconomic point of view. However, we do see modest category growth in Oral Care while the Home Care category remains more sluggish. Our market shares are up in toothpaste and toothbrushes, for both the Colgate and the GABA businesses. Our overall toothpaste share is at 33.2% year-to-date, up 40 basis points with our most recent share at 33.5%. Our manual toothbrush share is at 21.2%, up 90 basis points, with the most recent share at 22%. And our  good share performance overall, is in the face of continued heightened competitive activity. In the U.K. for instance, both our leading toothpaste and toothbrush shares are up on a year-to-date basis. GABA continues to perform well and every year has delivered results ahead of the expectations we set out at the time of the acquisition.  As you know, premium and relevant new product launches are critical in this environment. We're very excited about our new toothpaste, which is launching this and next quarter across the region. Colgate Total Pro Gum Health. With an aging population, gum problems afflict an increasing number of consumers. Studies in the U.K. show that three out of four people may suffer from gum problems, but not aware of the consequences or treatment. So our integrated marketing campaign behind the launch, both educates the consumers and the profession on the problem and provides the solution with Colgate Total Pro Gum Health.  In Personal Care, we are launching higher-margin new products as well. The relaunch of Palmolive Experientials line of bath foams and shower gels in a new higher-impact packaging should command higher average selling prices and margins. Although the line is just rolling out across the region, several countries are posting incremental share gains of between 1 and 2 points.  And we continue to be very pleased with our acquisition of the Sanex business. We are working through the integration as we speak. Overall market shares are solid and they too, as you saw in the press release, have benefited from successful new product activity. So looking ahead to the fourth quarter, volume across Europe South Pacific is expected to be at about third quarter levels with organic sales flat versus a year-ago quarter. Operating profit is expected to be flat to up modestly. Turning then to Latin America. We're delighted with the continued excellent momentum in this region as stated in the press release, market shares are strong and growing. The macroeconomic environment across the region remains favorable despite some recent strengthening of the U.S. dollar.  In toothpaste, our year-to-date market share is at 78.1% with a most recent read of 78.5%, and this strong performance is in the face of continued competitive activity. In Mexico, our share remains above 80% year-to-date. In Brazil, our share is at 70.4% year-to-date with the most recent share at 70.8%. And importantly in both of these key markets, we've seen very good results in the premium end of the business. This should continue, as we launch our premium priced Colgate Luminous Whitening toothpaste in both markets. The trade acceptance has been remarkable and we have achieved distribution in record time. In manual toothbrushes, our market share is at 40.8% year-to-date, up one full point, with a most recent read at 41.4%. In Mexico, we've gained half a share point in the face of competition's heavy promotional activity. And similarly, in Brazil, we've gained share and strengthened our market leadership position. Our mouthwash shares across the region are up 3.5 points to a record 33.4%, narrowing the gap between our closest competitor from over 20 points in 2008 to less than 10 points year-to-date in 2011.  Our strategy of premiumization and adding value for the consumer is working in our Personal Care business as well. Protex Advanced Clean is helping to further consolidate our leading bar soap share across the region. Capitalizing on our long history of partnering with a profession, we have showcased this premium price variant at dermatological and pharmacological congresses, gaining endorsement from both. Our regional share is 29.6% on a year-to-date basis, up almost 1.5 points from the year-ago period with the most recent share at 30.3%.  So looking ahead to the fourth quarter. Volume in Latin America should grow low to mid-single digits with organic sales growing at least high single digits, and operating profit is expected to be up low to mid-single digits.  Greater Asia/Africa. As elsewhere in the world, new products have helped to deliver the solid volume and organic growth in Greater Asia/Africa. Toothpaste shares across the region are approaching 40% and our manual toothbrush shares are close to 35%. We have maintained leading toothpaste shares in the large markets of China, India and Russia. And in Turkey, we achieved market leadership, a record share of 30% in the month of August, up almost a 0.5 on a year-to-date basis. In South Africa, toothpaste share is almost 50% and we have witnessed very strong growth behind Colgate Total which, as you know, is priced at a premium.  In the toothbrush category, the launch of Colgate 360 Surround has grown our share in Malaysia by 150 basis points to 36.3% and to a record 29.3% in Turkey in a latest period. In South Africa, we continue to grow market share and extend our leadership on the back of strong growth not only from our premium-priced Colgate 360 toothbrush, but also for our Value Colgate Double Action toothbrush.  Mouthwash shares continue to grow in virtually every market as we expand the Colgate Plax portfolio. Fresh Tea in China, Complete Care and Sensitive in India and Ice in other countries, supported by impactful advertising and in-store program. Across the region, our market share on a year-to-date basis is up three full points to 17.3%, with the most recent share at 18.3%. So looking ahead to the fourth quarter, volume in Greater Asia/Africa is expected to grow mid-single digit in the quarter, with organic sales growing modestly faster. Operating profit is expected to decline modestly as we step up advertising behind our new product launches.  And Hill's, while we're encouraged with the longer-term prospect for Hill's in terms of relevant new products, increasing market shares and continued global expansion, results this quarter were impacted by several factors unique to the current environment. Specifically here in the U.S., the specialty category has been under some pressure. And most of the growth has been coming from the natural segment where we were under-represented. However, one of our latest new product launches, Ideal Balance which focuses on proper nutrition, in addition to natural ingredients is gaining good and wide acceptance but it is still in the early shipping stages. Secondly, some of our customers have instituted inventory reduction programs which have temporarily affected our shipments to them, and we expect these two factors to dissipate over the next few quarters. We're excited about our new product pipeline, as well as new Digital Media program which should drive growth. As we launch new products, Digital Media has become an increasingly important part of the picture. For example, as part of the Science Diet Ideal Balance Canine launch, we partnered with Pet M.D. to develop a unique tool to educate pet parents on the importance of proper nutrition through the creation of MyBowl. PetMD is the most consulted source for Global Pest health information.  When consumers visit MyBowl, they learn the essential features of well-balanced meals for dogs and how they help ensure optimal health. The goal is to show dog owners, what makes a properly balanced nutrition and help them better understand the dog food label. And of course, properly balanced nutrition is the selling proposition behind Hill's Science Diet Ideal Balance. Again, while it is early days, Ideal Balance is off to good start. Distribution is ahead of forecast, consumption is growing and building momentum. And most importantly, the product is bringing new household into the Science Diet brand. Another new program about which we are very excited is the partnership with Trupanion pet insurance company to co-market its first pet insurance which provides coverage and discounts for feeding therapeutic and preventative nutrition. Coverage will be provided for all therapeutic foods featuring Prescription Diet, which is the market leader in this category. And as well, premium discounts will be given for feeding Science Diet Healthy Advantage, a wellness food sold exclusively through the veterinary channel. This partnership should help increase pet owner traffic to the vet clinics and grow the category. So looking ahead, Hill's volume in the fourth quarter is expected to be about even with the year-ago quarter, with organic sales growing modestly. Operating profit should be flat to slightly up.  So in summary, we are pleased with the accelerating momentum in our top line and with the excellent share results we have seen around the world. This is particularly encouraging in a challenging macroeconomic environment in the developed parts of the world, coupled with continued worldwide competitive activity. Our ability to take pricing has not affected our volume growth and our broad portfolio product offerings at all price points has served us well, in both developed and developing markets. We look forward to sharing our results for the balance of the year.  And now, Anne, I would like to turn it over to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Ali Dibadj from Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: I wanted to ask you a little bit about the gross margin movement that we saw in the quarter and now your guidance. I mean, negative 264, I think on a recurring basis is, at least for us, the worst we've seen going back to the 90s. And so I want to understand how that -- what that means. Is that shift away should we think about your company? Because it seems like you're much more linked to commodity now than we have seen before. And some of that seems to be tied to the inability, at least at this point, to be able to take less pricing to offset it. So as we go forward, how should we think about -- because that was not the Colgate that we know being such margin degradation -- gross margin degradation as we've seen this quarter.
Ian M. Cook: Okay, Ali, well, let me do what we customarily do here, which is to give you the roll forward so you can understand how the quarter played out. And then let me talk more broadly about what we plan and expect going forward. So if you go back to the prior year. Prior year gross profit was 59.4. We got benefit from pricing in this third quarter of some 80 basis points. Funding the growth, which is the Colgate you know, continued at our historical rate with a benefit of 2.1 points, 210 basis points. But we were hit in the third quarter with material prices to the negative of 530 basis points, 5.3 points, and then a minor 0.2 in the others leads you to the 260 basis points reduction. Clearly, more of than we had expected. At the heart of it, was the sharper run up in material prices. And as we all know from looking at the spots in the market environment, those prices for certain key materials seem to be tapering off. And as we enter the fourth quarter and 2012, understanding we haven't completed our 2012 budgeting process, initial indications are that the pressures from commodities will abate. On pricing, we thought that the 2% pricing that we took was reasonable in the quarter. We had to adjust for some competitive activity, but we expect that pricing to continue in the fourth quarter at a slightly higher level. And in fact in the fourth quarter, expect and forecast to fully offset the dollar impact, not the ratio impact, but the dollar impact of the cost headwinds that we face. We have not seen consumer resistance to the pricing we have taken. In fact, if I were to tell you about the Optic White toothpaste in the United States which is at a 40% premium to the leading whitening toothpaste in the market today, that has not hindered that brand getting to almost a 5 share in the first full month. So if you get the value proposition right, the consumers will take the pricing. So it really was in this quarter the sharper than expected run-up in material prices. And you're right, we have often said that you can't fully offset that from a pricing point of view, in the quarter because there is a lead lag. The other thing I would comment on is something I think we have been talking about for a while and certainly Bina mentioned in her remarks, and that is we've been looking at ways to streamline our cost structure and get our overheads down, A, for inefficiency and if so right and, B, recognition of what has been somewhat volatile commodity market this year and we saw our overheads down by some 60 basis points this quarter on a percent of sales basis. And we have used the gain from the Colombia detergent sale to fund additional organizational and realignment activities, which we expect to benefit to 2012, same kind of ratios we have had historically, 30% to 40% rates of return and we think that is a positive aspect looking forward into 2012 beyond what we expect to recover on the gross margin.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: So one of the differences I guess this time around was the last time I'm in this pricing line and the last time earnings in 2008. You took 250 or 300 basis points worth of pricing in the last two quarters that year where you're facing similar commodity cost. So I guess the core longer-term question I'm asking is, does the competitive environment that you're now facing limit your ability to offset commodities as you have done in the past? And so are you more of a commodity levered company than you used to be in the past given that dynamic?
Ian M. Cook: The answer is no, we are not. But it is all down to a question of pacing and we have very much locked this year to balance the pacing of our pricing with the growth in the top line. And we think with the 5% volume growth that we got that, that was a relatively good balance. The pricing will continue, and will step up in the fourth quarter and we will see what happens next year. So it is pacing and balance, not an inability to take pricing through and frankly, the third quarter material prices ran off my head a forecast and you simply cannot, in the quarter in question, take pricing that quickly. But the answer to your question is no.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: And so even in North America, in terms of pricing where we've seen 9 consecutive quarters looks like 9 or 10 consecutive quarters of negative pricing, you think the pricing gets even better there? And I'm not talking about Optic White obviously, because I think that will show up in volume for you. Do you think the pacing of pricing gets better there too?
Ian M. Cook: I'm using -- I know where it folds. I was using the pricing more to make the point of no consumer resistance if you get the value proposition right. In North America, we said that the first half of this year had been, by nature of the category, more in-store and therefore price-related. And that we would shift to an innovation-led growth in the second half. And whilst the pricing was negative in the North America, it was substantially less negative as you know, than the prior two quarters, and we are forecasting further improvement as we go forward with the innovation stream now behind the business.
Operator: And we'll go next to Alice Longley from Buckingham Research Brokers.
Alice Beebe Longley - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: A couple of questions. Did you intend pricing to be better in North America in the quarter? And your guidance for the next quarter indicates no pricing as well. I think, when you gave guidance a quarter ago, you suggested for positive pricing for North America for the second half.
Ian M. Cook: The pricing in North America is improved in the third quarter. And as I just said in answer to Ali, we expect further improvement in the pricing in the fourth quarter as reported. We have taken list price increases in North America. Indeed, we have taken list price increases around the world. And frankly, all of the pricing that we have planned for 2011 is now announced and either at retail or on its way to retail. The last time we spoke, we said that was more on the 80% to 85% range, so all of our pricing is now out.
Alice Beebe Longley - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: I think your guidance for the fourth quarter is for North America's volume up modestly and sales also up modestly. So I guess my point is, are you offsetting the price increases with incremental promotional spending? Or where are the price increases are showing up in these numbers?
Ian M. Cook: In the launch period with new products, with all of the in-store trial generating programs you have, that shows up in pricing. So if you take the analogy of good cholesterol, bad cholesterol, the pricing-related activity in the third quarter is related to trial-building measures behind an innovation stream and that's what we'll continue.
Alice Beebe Longley - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay then my other question's about Latin America. Could you just tell us what you're hearing down there in Brazil in terms of the potential for wages? This is a macro question. I'm just wondering if you're hearing that wages are in fact going to be going up in January, in line with government sort of the add [ph] or whether there's any backing away from that? And whether you're expecting that to create even better growth for you there next year than this year?
Ian M. Cook: Don't have any conclusive position on that, Alice. We obviously are aware of the discussions that are underway and clearly we can manage it, we can manage it either way.
Operator: We'll go next to Joe Lachky with Wells Fargo.
Joe Lachky - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just want to get back to the gross margin thing really quick. Regarding the commodity price that you saw in this quarter, I'm a little bit surprised why you didn't see it coming to an extent, given the lagging commodity prices, from when the prices change and when it flows in the income statement. So I'm just wondering if you could maybe explain what changed between your last guidance and the quarter you just reported?
Ian M. Cook: Frankly, some of the commodities ran up quicker than we have been supposing. There were indications that some would tail off and they did not, and it really is that simple, Joe.
Joe Lachky - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And so that 6-month lag decompressed in our minds, as far as the time period it takes for commodities to flow through. And the final question as far as on hedging, would there be any consideration of expanding hedging outside of Pet Nutrition to maybe offset some of the volatility?
Ian M. Cook: Yes, the answer on hedging, Joe, is no. There are no real hedging markets, so you are essentially buying long and we don't choose to speculate in that regard. And I think it's fair to say looking forward that while of course material cost will continue to be up year-on-year, that the rate of growth we now see is clearly abating. And that is what we -- I think with much more solid data to hand, that's what we now expect going forward.
Operator: We'll go next to Wendy Nicholson with Citi Investment Research.
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: In the short term, my question centers on sort of this strategy about delivering double-digit EPS growth in 2012, given the currency swing. And I'm just wondering is, if you look back at kind of the price you're paying now in 2011 with only mid-single digit earnings growth, some would say that that's because you had pushed too hard to meet your target for double-digit earnings growth back in 2009 when currencies were working the wrong way. So I'm just wondering, are you thinking about sort of your long-term earnings goal and your strategy towards meeting that target, with respect to currency and how you look at 2012?
Ian M. Cook: Yes, obviously, we look at it quite broadly. And as we said in the release, we have not by any means completed our budgeting process. But what we have preliminarily seen, is a few things that I think give comfort in the, number one, from a commodities point of view, there does seem to be a real tapering off, which means that the commodity headwind one faces will be lesser than we have seen in the past. That's a good thing. Two, from a top-line point of view, we like where we are from a growth point of view, both volume and organic. In other words, with the pricing. And of course, the pricing we have begun to take this year, without regard to anything we may choose to do next year, will roll over and provide a very solid benefit in 2012. And I think very importantly and central to the way we've been thinking about it, in terms of sustainability for the longer-term is this whole area of cost structure, where we saw the 60 basis points this quarter and you are going to see more of that, as we are doing with the Colombian HDD divestment to continue to lower our overhead as a percentage of sales, as a additional aid to lowering cost, not just continued expansion in gross margin. And foreign exchange, as you know, has bounced around a little bit. Where it sits today doesn't give cause for concern in 2012.
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, that's fair, but I just want to push back to the teeny bit. Because when I think back, and this is sort of a longer-term thing, but over the last five or six years, the way Colgate has been able to put up double-digit earnings growth so consistently, by my math, is that you had a real structural change in your EBIT margin and you have gone from 20 to almost up to almost 25. That's a humongous change. And when you look at the specific regions, Asia Africa EBIT margin doubled during that timeframe. The U.S. went from 21 to 29. I mean those are structural changes. I know you have your restructuring program, there's some product mix issues, divestitures, and all that kind of good stuff. But I can't believe you're assuming top line growth is really going to accelerate relative to the level you put up over the last 5 years. And so in the absence, if you will, of putting up another 500 basis points of operating margin expansion, in other words, going from the kind of the 23, 24 up to nearly 30, I just don't see how you can argue that you can put up double-digit earnings growth over the next 5 years. I just -- I mean, maybe you can have the recovery off of a investment spending-heavy 2011, so maybe there's a snapback on some of your profit margins. But long term, do you see a 28%, 29% type EBIT margin for Colgate 5 years out?
Ian M. Cook: Okay, well, the -- we started with 2012 and we're now in 2015.
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I'm just sort of thinking long term. So 2012, okay, I'll give you all the cost savings and the recovery and the snapback and the great market shares and that's awesome. But still, when people think about the long-term outlook, do we really think you're still a long-term double-digit earnings growth story?
Ian M. Cook: We do. And we see it still in 2 areas and we believe in them. The first is gross margin expansion which, again, as we look at 2012 and beyond, we see ourselves continuing to deliver and the additional benefit on a continuing basis of reducing the overheads, as a percentage to sales, allowing us, to invest responsibly behind the business, and deliver responsibly and sustainably double-digit EPS growth. Our most recent strategic brands even in the environment we're in would support that.
Operator: And we'll go next to Bill Chappell with SunTrust.
William B. Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: I will try not to belabor the pricing thing too much. But I just want to focus more on Hill's. And I think if you go back a couple of years ago, Hill's and the whole Pet category started to price the consumer of the market and it really hurt volumes. And I'm trying to figure out, are we seeing that again? And with some of the key commodities in pet food coming down, is there an opportunity to roll some of that back over the next few quarters to avoid that happening again?
Ian M. Cook: I don't see it, Bill, this time. I don't see it. The pricing that the whole industry has taken. And as you know, we were the last to take this year, has been much more modest than the sharp run-up we had in the '08, '09 period. Our market shares in the vet channel which is the recommender who most resists pricing, because it makes them nervous about recommending, continues to strengthen and our recommendation levels continue to be very high. Basically for Hill's, this quarter was about the two things being erased. We have not been competing effectively in what had been the fast-growing natural segment. We now have entered with an ideal balanced product that marries nutrition with naturals and it is starting well. In fact, our market share in the Premium segment, excluding the naturals,, has continued to increase. So we don't believe in the specialist channel with the professional recommendation that we have hit a ceiling on pricing with Pet Nutrition. And that's not what our analysis shows for this quarter.
William B. Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay, so there's actually some room to continue to take some pricing as needed?
Ian M. Cook: As needed.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Javier Escalante with Consumer Edge Research.
Javier Escalante - Morgan Stanley: Coming back to the gross margin question and the savings part. Based on your margin walk, it seems like Funding the Growth at least on the gross margin side is trending at about $300 million per year, which is the low end of your long-term target. You mentioned that you could do $300 million to $600 million, so I wonder, to what extent the missing part here was that the savings are not coming in as fast as you guys expected and how does it look that pipeline of savings going in 2012 and whether these other saving programs, the synchronization of demand and supply, is already played and is already generating savings.
Ian M. Cook: Sure. I guess two ways to answer. Number one, the Funding the Growth program is as vibrant and rich as it has always been even preceding the synchronization benefits that we will start to see in 2012. Indeed, the Funding the Growth benefit in the third quarter of 210 basis points was as strong as we delivered last year. And I think we have said fairly consistently that our Funding the Growth benefit on the margin line tends to build across the year and that is what we are continuing to see in 2011 as we saw in 2010. So still a rich area, still one we can mine. And on top of that, the synchronization benefits to come, which are not necessarily only related to gross margin, but will be additive. And then the other thing, we keep trying to make the point on, is this focus we have had now for over a year on the overhead side of the equation, finding ways to get more efficient structurally so we can lower overhead, as a percentage to sales. And that relates to some of the restructuring activities that we are taking from the one-time gains we had. And also we have a very big focus with Funding the Growth on so-called indirect spend, which is about half of what we spend, which is often captured in the overhead lines. So I think you have to think about it in two ways: One, a continued rich pipeline of opportunity with Funding the Growth and synchronicity on top; and two, a continued focus, as we saw with a 60 basis points this quarter, on streamlining and making more efficient our operating structure so we can continue to lower overhead as a percentage to sales. And from both efforts therefore, generate the funding for growth investment and earnings return.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Joe Altobello of Oppenheimer & Co.
Joseph Altobello - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Just two quick questions, both sort of related. First, the margin compression we saw in Greater Asia/Africa and Europe/South Pacific was that all commodity-related or were there other FX issues that were involved there? And then secondly, given their recent move in FX, what's the likelihood and timing of additional pricing internationally to offset that?
Ian M. Cook: It was commodity pricing. The transaction effect of ForEx was negligible in the quarter. So it was commodity pricing. And as I said in response to an earlier question, we expect our pricing to continue to increase in the fourth quarter, and relative to foreign exchange impact from a transaction point of view as we customarily have, you would expect us to take pricing in those developing and emerging markets to offset that.
Joseph Altobello - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And just one last one, on the overhead. Looks like the 60 bits move was pretty impressive this quarter. It sounds like that's sustainable. Should we expect another 60 bits next year or is it opportunity to actually accelerate that next year?
Ian M. Cook: Well, I guess the way I'd phrase it at this stage, Joe, is we took that 135 after-tax gain and put it into initiatives that we are in the process of implementing and we'll pick up about a 30% to 40% rate of return into 2012.
Operator: We'll go next to Chris Ferrara of Bank of America.
Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Obviously, over time you guys have been one of the best at kind of slowly and deliberately shifting resources towards your more attractive businesses in the portfolio. But I guess, given what looked like divergent trends between Oral Care and non-Oral Care, or more specifically, household, and particularly in developed markets, I guess, how much thought do you give to any acceleration of that portfolio migration? Or is that too short-term a view?
Ian M. Cook: That may be, with respect, too short-term a view. If you -- and this is what I was talking to Ali, about earlier in terms of balancing pricing with volume in the overall growth of the company. If you look at the third quarter, we have now, I think, accelerated the top line growth of the company. And if you break it down by categories, we're growing Oral Care organically high single digits and we are growing Personal and Home Care mid-single digits. So you're seeing a shift towards the Oral Care business, but we are getting good growth in those developed markets on our Personal Care businesses and Home Care businesses as well. And they remain important parts of the portfolio. But we're outpacing on Oral Care as you would expect.
Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And just on an unrelated note, are you taking FX-related pricing yet in your emerging markets or is it too early for that?
Ian M. Cook: It's too early. But as I said in response to an earlier question, from a transaction point of view as opposed to translation, you know well, Chris, this is something we do. We do quite regularly and I think we do quite well.
Operator: We'll go next to Jason Gere from RBC Capital Markets.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I guess I just wanted to talk about the de-stocking. I know you mentioned a little bit of that in the Hill's business. But can you just talk maybe about the POS sell-in versus sell-through, in the U.S. and Europe, and maybe kind of putting into context some of the categories that are growing a bit softer such as Home Care. So where retailers may be managing inventories a little bit tougher these days.
Ian M. Cook: I think in the Hill's case, frankly it was relative to the buying ahead of price increase and simply inventory adjustment at the end of the quarter. I don't think it was more than that. If you look at our categories on a local currency value basis, as we have said before, you're seeing the North Americas and the Europes of this world growing at a 1% to 2% level and that compares with the high single digits we are seeing in the emerging markets and that's been true for a reasonable time, and I think it's what we are likely to see going forward. If you dig into categories in specific, the growth of our private label is way off, what it had been in the 2008, 2009 year and we are seeing private label share overall come down. And I think when you look at our inventory position, in terms of balancing these sell-in with the sell-out, we're in a well-balanced position, aggregate U.S. consumption is ahead of category growth so far this year. So we don't see any particular category focus inventory-wise by retailers other than the adjustment at the end of the quarters, which, given different financial years, tends to happen at different times.
Operator: And we'll go to Bill Schmitz with Deutsche Bank.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Did you see any pullback in the promotional intensity, especially in Oral Care given some of the rises in commodity costs?
Ian M. Cook: It depends. Some places, yes. Other places, no. And I wouldn't contain the point to Oral Care. I was just down in Mexico, and you look at the marketplace and some competitors have stepped up promotionally significantly across categories, while reducing media. And you see that in certain markets around the world. In other markets you don't see that. But I wouldn't limit that comment to Oral Care. And I -- yes, I wouldn't limit that comment to Oral Care.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Is there any difference in behavior between the guys who are reporting in euros versus the guys reporting in dollars, in terms of competitive intensity? Because obviously in the last month or so, the euro is probably going to help them a little bit more than the dollar is going to help the other folks.
Ian M. Cook: Not in any way that we have seen significantly, Bill. I guess we'll get closer to that as we go through our budgeting process in November. But certainly, no alerts through our alert system that would suggest, they change the behavior versus history, no.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then when you look at some of the volume deceleration, is there any way to kind of figure out what the sources of the volume? Like, are people just buying and using less, or is there -- because it looks like private label shares have been pretty flat. I know it doesn't exist in Oral Care but even in some of the European Home Care categories.
Ian M. Cook: Yes. I mean, the fact of the matter is in these markets, which is why I think it will stay at this level now. People have used up pantry inventory and they are making the bottle and the tube, and the package are now talking to Europe and the U.S. a little bit longer. You can see it in the usage, yes.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. Then in the U.K., obviously P&D took a ton of share, but if my data is right, your market share was up a little bit also. How do you think that market plays out and what happens to the profitability there?
Ian M. Cook: Well, as you saw, our growth in Europe, the U.K. was one of the lead contributors. Yes, you're right, our share is up, approaching 48% on a year-to-date basis, actually ahead of that in the most recent period. The competitor that you referenced to their share is about 4 on a year-to-date basis and has trended down for the last 3 months and is now sitting at about an eight share. So we're happy with the growth. We are happy with the performance of our U.K. business. We don't see it as a BRIC country. So we're talking about 66 million consumers here. But we're happy with our performance in end market.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, got it. And then just on the plan for next year, I know that's a very profitable business for you even if profits or margins took them down a little bit, I may guess there's just enough cushion in the business model to kind of keep going to double-digit EPS growth trajectory.
Ian M. Cook: I think the -- maybe we should take a sort of a little bit of a walk-around in the Oral Care business, just to sort of try and set a platform for next year. I mean, if you take the BRICs, China, we've been up for the last three quarters. We're now approaching 33 and the principal competitor has been down the last three quarters, now sitting at a 22. In Russia, we continue to lead with about a 32 share and the competitor is sitting at a 16, having lost 9 share points over the last 5 years. In Brazil, we're up to 71. They are indeed the 5, but the lead brand, the Prosaud is only half of that market share. Mexico, we are back up to approaching an 82 share and they're holding at about a 12 of which the majority is lower-priced complete businesses and all of these businesses are highly promoted. What's driving our growth are increasingly Premium products like Total, like our Luminous Whitening just launched in Latin America. So we think, in terms of the shape of our business and where we are focusing our investments, there is comfort, I guess, in continuing to advance the businesses and the company at that double-digit rate.
Operator: We'll go next to Lauren Lieberman with Barclays Capital.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I just wanted to ask about advertising spending, because I know that you talked about heavy new product launch activity in the second half of the year. But advertising was down again as a percentage of sale. So as we look at the balance of the year, will advertising be up as a percentage of sale, which is now part of your budget in kind of the thought process around mid-single digit earnings growth this year? Was it a big reinvestment? It doesn't really look like it's happening.
Ian M. Cook: The answer -- the direct answer to your question is yes. And obviously, as we move our way into 2012, the thinking would be to continue that. And when you talk about the total pie here, obviously, and we have said this before, an awfully large part in connection with consumers these days is at retail and these are often constructed programs that have brand-building engagement aspects to them. But they come in price. So they come in the difference between the gross sale and the net sale and we have seen that aspect of commercial investment go up this year to the benefit of brands, we think. But yes, with the innovation out there, both absolutely and as a percent of sales, we expect the advertising to be up in the fourth quarter and clearly we'll be looking to continue that in 2012.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And Ian, sorry, just to clarify, does the advertising of the percentage of sales, is it going to be up on a full-year basis or just in the fourth quarter at this point?
Ian M. Cook: On a full-year basis, it will be in line with sales growth more or less.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, and then the other thing was just, if I kind of went through just in my head would be net share for the outlook by division, it sounds like you're guiding to operating profit being like flattish to down in all divisions in the fourth quarter, with the exception of Latin America. So as we look into '12, I mean, is this -- you talked about pricing starting to catch up, but it just still feels like the outlook for fourth quarter isn't all that great. So is it a mid of 2012 that things start to accelerate? It will be a really big swing for you to have that kind of performance in fourth quarter and then things will kind be off the races as we get into the first quarter?
Ian M. Cook: Well, we still, as we said, expect mid-single digits for this year. What is changing, I guess the three things I mentioned before. Pricing is changing and will accelerate through the fourth quarter and into next year. Commodities are really flattening and, in many material cases, starting to decline. So the unfavorability in the fourth will be lesser than the third and that will continue to improve in 2012. And we are getting the benefit from the restructurings that we are doing which are lowering overhead and will continue to do that in 2012. And many of those things will literally be with us as we enter 2012 because we are already -- we will already be seeing them in the fourth quarter.
Operator: We'll go next to Caroline Levy with CLSA.
Caroline S. Levy - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: A quick question. Just an update on interest expense which will flow in the quarter, and similarly on corporate expenses? And then just finally, could you elaborate a little bit on what's going on in China and Greater Asia into the new growth?
Ian M. Cook: Okay. Well, the, there's nothing unusual in the interest expense. It's basically running at the level it has been running at. And as we look forward, we would expect it to be the same, relative to corporate expense. The only real shift there was the benefit we got last year from the sale of some [indiscernible], they're called bonds in Venezuela, which is not recurring this year. So you get a bit of a pickup. And when you turn to Asia, the countries that you would expect a Greater Asia region growing high single digits. India growing double digits and -- I'm sorry, Greater China growing at high single digits. I made the same mistake talking internally this morning. And India growing double digits. The only slight depressing factor we had on Asia, with Greater Asia, which includes Africa on the quarter, was, you may have read about it, an unforecast 4-week strike, national strike in South Africa, which probably impacted volume around half a percentage point in the quarter. But other than that, things I think as you would expect them to be in that part of the world.
Operator: We'll go next to Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.
Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So, Ian, you got to return to double-digit earnings growth next year, which comes despite the difficult consumer spending environment on top of a likelihood from FX. So I just want to get some more granularity on what you think gives you visibility that you can actually hit your long-term goals next year even in the face of the tough industry environment.
Ian M. Cook: Yes. The -- well, let me try take it sort of from the top to the bottom. The way we see our categories operating in the world we're in today is that we expect the categories in Europe and North America the so-called developed world, to grow between 1% and 2% local currency. We expect the categories in the emerging markets, which is just over 50% of our business, to grow high single digits, which they have been doing historically. So I think the growth trajectory is relatively clear. And we're very pleased with the growth we posted this quarter, leading us in to 2012. Second, on the gross margin, we expect to offset the $1 impact of commodity costs this fourth quarter and move into rebuilding the ratio in 2012 because of the rollover benefit of pricing that we will have taken and the known reduction in the headwinds, we will face from commodity cost. And very importantly, and part of our thinking model, is this continued focus on reducing overhead, as a percentage of sales, which we are seeing play out this year and with the utilization of the onetime gains from the sale of the detergents in Colombia expect to continue in 2012. And I guess, on top of that, the general strength as I tried to demonstrate from the brief walk around the world, the general strength of our market shares which we continue to increase around the world.
Operator: And we'll take our final question from Jon Andersen with William Blair.
Jon Andersen - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I assume that you're typically leading when you take price increases at least in your larger markets, in categories and countries. And you mentioned some adjustments to price were made to respond to competitive activity in the quarter. I guess I'm just wondering if this is the normal kind of lag, sort of the lag process or are you seeing something else there? And what have you been seeing more recently with respect to your competitor pricing?
Ian M. Cook: The -- well, we lead where we believe we have the right to lead which is where we have category strength, full country strength. So you are right. We also, as I mentioned earlier with the uptick in the U.S., we will adjust our pricing for in-store, trial-generating devices where we think that is right to build a trial for product that we think can have significant market share. And we will, on a selected basis by category, offset the pricing that we take with promotional activity, if we think that is appropriate. All of that is entirely consistent with history. None of that is new in our thinking. So there is no structural change in what we are seeing or how we are reacting. The only reason we made the comment, is that it was a contributory factor against what we had been forecasting on the gross margin. That was the only reason we referenced it. But the way we think about it from an executional point of view has not changed. Okay. Well, thanks to all of you for your questions and thanks to the Colgate folks that get it all done, and we look forward to catching up with you in the new year.
Operator: And this does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-28 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Ian Cook - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Bina Thompson - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Javier Escalante - Weeden & Co., LP Dara Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley Joe Lachky - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Constance Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Alice Longley - Buckingham Research Group, Inc. John Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Mark Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Per Ostlund - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Joseph Altobello - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. William Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Inc Jon Andersen - William Blair & Company L.L.C. Linda Bolton Weiser - Oppenheimer Caroline Levy - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. John San Marco - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch Nik Modi - UBS Investment Bank
Operator: Good day, and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Co. Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgate.com. [Operator Instructions] At this time, for opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to the Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Bina Thompson: Thank you, Elizabeth. Good morning, everybody, and welcome to our second quarter 2011 conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, Chairman, President and CEO; Dennis Hickey, CFO; Victoria Dolan, Corporate Controller; and Elaine Paik, Treasurer. This conference call will include forward-looking statements. And these statements are made on the basis of our views and assumptions as of this time and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual events or results may differ materially from these statements.  For information about certain factors that could cause such differences, investors should consult our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on our website, including the information set forth under the captions Risk Factors and Cautionary Statements on Forward-looking Statements. We will discuss organic sales growth, excluding foreign exchange, acquisitions and divestitures. A full reconciliation with the corresponding GAAP measures is included in the Press Release and is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.colgate.com. We're pleased with our results for the second quarter, which exhibit acceleration from the first quarter across the lines of the P&L, higher volume in organic sales growth, coupled with a greater increase in advertising, operating profit and EPS growth.  And looking specifically on organic sales growth, we see particular momentum in our Emerging Markets, which, as you know, represent more than half of our sales worldwide. Organic sales growth in these markets was strong high single-digit and was the highest quarterly growth in a year. Our long-standing presence, deep distribution and leading market shares in this part of the world provide a strong balance to the continued macroeconomic challenges which we and our competitors face in the more mature markets of North America and Europe.  Given the continued rise in commodity costs worldwide, gross margin declined in the quarter. And as Ian said in the press release, we still expect gross margin to remain at first quarter levels for the full year, as pricing will play a greater role in the second half of the year to offset cost increases and as we continue to realize accelerating savings from our Funding the Growth initiatives. Additionally, we're beginning to see progress on our overhead line.  Fixed cost within SG&A in the quarter declined by 30 basis points, which freed up money to invest in advertising. And as we've told you on previous calls, we periodically undertake projects to further reduce fixed expenses, and these initiatives are generating strong savings. Again as planned, advertising in the quarter was up, absolutely and as a percent of sales in support of new product launches around the world. We expect even more new product activity in the second half here in the U.S. in particular, and that will be backed by continued healthy increases in advertising.  As previously announced, we've closed on the acquisition of the Sanex business in the second quarter and expect that we will complete the divestment of our Colombian detergent brand tomorrow, July 29.  From a company-wide ongoing operating perspective, the 2 transactions should offset each other, so the income statement for the balance of the year should be unaffected. However, as we go through the divisions, I will outline for you the effect in Europe and Latin America in terms of sales and profits.  The one-time gain from the sale of detergent should be approximately $130 million after-tax. And in-line with our efforts to continually lower costs and become more effective and efficient, our current plan is to reinvest this gain in support of various business realignment opportunities throughout the Colgate world. Implementation of these initiatives will begin in the third and fourth quarters, and we expect that they will fully offset the gain. And these initiatives should yield ongoing savings beginning mostly in 2012, in line with our historic rate of return for similar projects of 30% to 40%. So let's turn to the divisions, starting with North America.  We're pleased with our North American results in light of slower than historical category growth rates and continued very aggressive competitive activity. As noted in the press release, our all-outlet toothpaste share is up on a year-to-date basis. And in addition, our dish liquid market share reached 2009 levels in the most recent period, almost 38%. As you may recall there was a low-priced new product entry in this category 2 years ago, and we're pleased that we have regained the share, which was temporarily lost.  Our share momentum in these and other categories should continue as we launch some exciting new products in the second half of 2011.  As you read in the press release, we're extremely excited to be introducing Colgate Optic White toothpaste and toothbrush in the third quarter. Colgate Optic White toothpaste represents a breakthrough for Colgate in the whitening category, having taken many years to develop this technology. Colgate Optic White toothpaste contains the same whitening ingredient as whitening strips for whiter teeth in one week. The Colgate Optic White toothbrush contains both whitening cups and polishing bristles. Colgate Optic White toothpaste and toothbrush will be supported with an extensive integrated marketing campaign, including both direct in-store and out of store support. We're also excited to be launching Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief, a product with proprietary technology that provides sensitivity relief to consumers that is faster to the nerve for lasting relief. This will serve as an excellent companion to our existing dentist office arginine product in the U.S. that provides patients instant relief from sensitivity in the office while we continue to work with the FDA to obtain approval for the consumer product.  In the dish category, we're very excited about the relaunch of our Palmolive Sensorial dish liquid line. A key element of this is a new fragrance, Palmolive ultra pomegranate. Pomegranate is a growing trend in the marketplace and Sensorial is a key growth driver in the Home Care segment. This new product should help to continue the previously mentioned rebound in our overall dish liquid share. And we're also very excited about a new launch in the Personal Care category, Softsoap bar soap. As we look to expand the Softsoap equity beyond our successful hand soap and body wash businesses, the launch of Softsoap bar soap is designed to further establish Softsoap as a mega-equity within the Personal Care category. Softsoap bar soap fulfills the unique whitespace in the bar soap category, providing consumers with highly experiential fragrant bar soaps that complement our hand and body washes that should drive brand and category growth.  Additionally, over 1/3 of American consumers use both bar soaps and body wash, and most of those consumers buy the same brand of bar soap and body wash. So now we can provide Softsoap consumers with bar soaps and body washes in their favorite fragrances.  So looking ahead, volume is expected to be up low single-digit for the third quarter and full year 2011, with organic sales growing modestly for the third quarter and down slightly for the full year.  Operating profit is expected to decline mid-single-digit for the third quarter and double digit for the full year.  Turning then to Europe. This region of the world remains very challenging from a macroeconomic point of view, as you are all aware. However, while cautious, we see some encouraging signs. Market growth has recovered slightly overall and specifically for Colgate, our market shares are quite strong. Our shares are up on a year-to-date basis in both toothpaste and manual toothbrushes, with a record share in toothbrushes. Our mouthwash shares are holding steady, and we expect momentum to build in this category, as we roll out a complete relaunch of our mouthwash business during the balance of the year.  You saw that despite gross margin and commodity pressures, we were able to increase our advertising support. This is as a result of some of our initiatives that generate savings in our overhead and fixed expenses line. Initiatives such as shared services, which we have reviewed with you in the past and which serve as model for other regions of the world. And as mentioned in the press release, Colgate Max White One and Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief have both met with good results across the region.  Strong media and in-store support helps drive our toothpaste share in France to over 20% year-to-date, with the most recent reading at 20.9%. In Italy, our share is up over a point on a year-to-date basis to 23.4%, with the most recent read at 23.9%. And in the U.K., where a major competitor has just launched a new line of toothpaste, our share climbed over 50% in May, as we supported both our sensitive and experiential offerings with a mix of media and promotion.  Our toothbrush business in Germany is doing particularly well, driven by the GABA business. The combined Colgate and GABA business is up over 1.5 to 17.7% year-to-date, with the most recent read at 18.4%. And in the U.K., we reached a record toothbrush share in May of 33.3% largely driven by our higher margin premium business.  And as you read recently, we completed the purchase of the Sanex business on June 20 and are very excited about this as we go forward. This business has distinct positioning around healthy skin with strong market share and is growing, and we are now busy integrating the business. So while we are mindful of the challenges we face from a macroeconomic standpoint, we expect results in Europe to accelerate in the second half from the first half. Volume should increase modestly for the third quarter and full year, with organic sales down only slightly. Including the recent acquisition of Sanex, third quarter volume should be up high-single digit and full year volume should be up mid-single digit. Operating profit, including Sanex, is expected to increase mid-single digit for the third quarter and full year as well.  Turning then to Latin America. This division delivered excellent results despite continued heightened competitive activity in certain markets in the region. A consistent flow of relevant new products at all price points, supported by increased advertising contributed to the strong performance, while continued effective media and merchandising solidified our base business. Year-to-date, market shares have increased in the higher-margin oral and personal care categories such as toothbrushes, mouthwash, bar soaps, deodorant and hair care. In toothpaste, our regional share is holding at over 77% of the market year-to-date, with records achieved in Venezuela, Central America, Chile, Peru and Paraguay.  In Mexico, where promotional activities still remains extremely high, our shares are still over 80% year-to-date, with an increase in the most recent reading to 83% while our nearest competitor dropped to the lowest level since the beginning of the most recent heightened competitive activity. Strong performance from our higher-priced Colgate Total brand has driven the share gains, while aggressive activity from our competitor seems to be focused on the value tier.  In Brazil, another hotly contested market, our toothpaste share remains over 70% year-to-date, with an increase of 30 basis points in the most recent reading. Support from the Brazilian dental profession continues to grow with leading and growing positions in brand recommended most often for toothpaste, toothbrushes and sensitive toothpaste.  In toothbrushes, our regional share is up over half a point on a year-to-date basis to almost 40% of the market, maintaining our number one position across the region. In Brazil, our share is up over a point on a year-to-date basis, driven by the higher margin Premium segment where strong innovation and in-store activities have countered aggressive competitive activity. In Mexico, we've held our record high share of over 40% on a year-to-date basis, with a reading of almost 42% in the most recent period. Again, this has been achieved despite heightened competitive activity.  In mouthwash, our share is at its highest so far, 32.2% on a year-to-date basis, with our most recent share read at 33% closing our gap with a leading competitor from almost 30 points to under 10. Expectations are that our share will continue to increase as we roll out a complete relaunch of our Colgate Plax line through the balance of this year. So we're very encouraged with the momentum in this business.  Looking ahead, we expect volume to increase mid-single digit for the third quarter and full year, with organic sales growing double digit for both periods. Operating profit is expected to grow high-single digit for the third quarter and full year. Greater Asia/Africa. This region continues to offer great growth opportunity. Volume and organic sales growth was strong across the region. And of particular note, the 2 largest countries in terms of population, India and China, both enjoyed double-digit organic sales growth. Our toothpaste share across the region is at almost 40%, and our toothbrush share is at 35% on a year-to-date basis.  Now as you'd expect, we pay particular attention to both India and China. Our innovation teams on the ground look to gain deep and relevant consumer insights in both markets in order to bring to market new products with unique benefits. A good example from China is our recent launch of Colgate Plax Fresh Tea. This product has a mild flavor of green tea with a hint of mint and capitalizes on the learning that Chinese consumers like the flavor of green tea but dislike a burning mouth feel. As a result of this and other new products in the Plax line, our mouthwash share in the key cities of China is growing strongly, with the most recent share at 30%.  And of course, in both India and China, we are also rolling out global bundles such as Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief toothpaste and toothbrushes, as well as Colgate Max Fresh Ice toothpaste. In the toothbrush category, we are launching our Colgate 360 Surround toothbrush, as we are in other parts of the world. The success of this product has resulted in record toothbrush shares in Malaysia, Taiwan, Turkey and Vietnam. And as you saw in the press release, new product activity has been strong in the Personal Care category as well.  Several years ago, we launched a shower gel line under the Palmolive brand called Thermal Spa in Russia, which met with great success. Taking the learnings from that launch, we are now launching the same product in Turkey where we already have a strong share approaching 40%.  So looking ahead, volume in Greater Asia/Africa is expected to grow at least mid-single digit for the third quarter and full year, and organic sales are expected to grow double digit for both periods. Operating profit is expected to grow double digit for the third quarter and full year as well. And turning to Hill's. Our Hill's business continues to improve, with solid organic sales growth in the quarter. As you saw, pricing was slightly positive as we followed competition judiciously, working to somewhat offset the steep price in commodity costs.  Pleasingly here in the U.S., we see renewed growth in the vet channel, which has been somewhat sluggish during the economic crisis. And along with growth in the category comes growth in veterinary recommendation, which is a very important component of our business model at Hill's.  One factor driving growth in the vet channel, both here in the U.S. and in Europe, is our Vet Exclusive product. This was launched in March of this year in the U.S. under the Science Diet Healthy Advantage brand supported by vet health care team sampling, in-clinic awareness centers and pet owner trial rebates and new pet kits. A similar product in Europe launched about a year ago, Science Plan VetEssentials, is meeting with similar success. And we're very excited about all the new products being launched this quarter, some of which you saw referenced in the press release.  The first is Science Diet Ideal Balance. Natural pet food is the fastest growing segment within the category as pet humanization and the inclusion or exclusion of specific ingredients are increasingly driving consumer behavior. Hill's Science Diet Ideal Balance is all about combining the power of precise advanced nutrition with natural ingredients to create a unique product offering in the marketplace. Hill's Science Diet Ideal Balance has fresh chicken as the first ingredient, no corn or artificial flavors and fruits and vegetables. It emphasizes that good nutrition is not just about the ingredients. It's about having the right ingredients and perfect balance for the lifelong health of pets. And as you'd expect, the launch of this product will be fully supported with in-store displays to drive trial, store-associate education, PR for word of mouth and full digital engagements via search and social media.  The second new product is Science Diet Age Defying 11+ for older cats. Senior cats are the largest and fastest-growing cat population segment. This translates to a population segment of nearly 36 million cats experiencing 5.3% growth versus total cat population rates of about 0.10%. The launch of Hill's Science Diet Senior Age Defying 11+ reinforces Hill's legacy of life stage nutrition while enhancing a position of strength and leadership in the aging segment with 2 differentiated offerings: Mature Adult Active Longevity, and now, Senior Age Defying 11+. Each product addresses the unique nutritional needs of the growing demographic segment.  Launch of the Senior Age Defying 11+ formula is supported by a very powerful reason to believe as the formula fights the signs of aging in just 30 days. Consumers will see visible results as cats become more interactive and playful, more alert and agile and experience fewer litter box accidents.  And the third new product is Hill's Prescription Diet y/d Feline Thyroid Health. Feline hyperthyroidism is the most common endocrine disorder in cats. Therapy options are often expensive and inconvenient. Least expensive and most common option is daily medication, which can negatively impact the relationship between the pet owner and their pet. Hill's Prescription Diet y/d Feline Thyroid Health is the first and only food that manages feline hyperthyroidism as a replacement to other treatments. The launch of this transformational product represents a new category within therapeutic foods and underscores Hill's as an innovation leader in nutritional science. So we're very excited about all the activity at Hill's and look forward to a strong second half.  Volume for the third quarter and full year is expected to grow modestly with organic sales growing mid-single digit. Operating profit is expected to grow mid-single digit for the third quarter and full year.  So in summary, a solid quarter, particularly given the challenging macroeconomic times we all face in the Developed Markets. We're particularly encouraged by the momentum we see across our businesses with volume growing in every division. Our pipeline of new products is as full as it has ever been, and we are excited about the many launches coming up in the second half of the year. And as we've told you, these will be supported by increases in advertising and should result in further increases in our already strong market shares. So we look forward to sharing our results with you as we progress through the balance of the year. Elizabeth, that's the end of my prepared remarks, and now, we would like to open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Bill Chappell with SunTrust.
William Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: I was wondering if you could just -- and you may of already disclosed this -- talk a little bit more about Sanex in terms of kind of what the growth rates have been over the past few years and kind of how the margins compared to your existing portfolio over there?
Ian Cook: Well, the -- I think, first of all, we closed. We're happy. We see Sanex as very much being on strategy for our Personal Care business, and we look forward to seeing the benefits from Sanex in the second half of this year. And if you look at the second half of this year with Sanex in our portfolio, we are expecting to see volume for the balance of the year about mid-single digits and Sanex would be about 1.5 of that, and that's continuing the rate of growth we have seen on their business. And from a margin point of view, it is accretive, which is why we like the business, and we like the brand.
William Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: And there's room to kind of expand that or is it just kind of riding what it...
Ian Cook: No, we very much see expansion room, Bill. I mean, I -- we shouldn't get too excited about that until we go through all the planning and execution, but the potential for expansion is two-fold. Number one, expansion of geography within Europe and maybe beyond. And secondly, expansion into other Personal Care categories. And as we have received the business and begun to fully understand the richness and the heritage of the brand, we've been delighted to find a very well-developed innovation and new product portfolio that we can move with quite quickly. So geographic and category expansion, but again, we will do it in a methodical, studious way over time.
Operator: We'll take the next question from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.
Dara Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley: I have a couple of questions around pricing. First, can you discuss the key reasons in product categories where you actually implemented additional pricing during Q2 and then also in July post the quarter end? And also your initial thoughts on if higher pricing is actually going through and the consumer demand reaction to it. And then specifically in the U.S., it looked like pricing came in a bit below your goals in Q2. So can you just talk about the pricing environment versus your expectations in the promotional environment in the U.S.?
Ian Cook: Sure. And thanks for the single question. Two things then. In terms of pricing, let me put it this way that in -- by the third quarter, we will have in place about 80% to 85% of the pricing that we have planned for this year. And all of that pricing is announced and is either at retail or making its way to retail around the world and has been accepted by the retail trade and where at retail, so far accepted by the consumer. One business we were particularly sensitive in terms of our pacing on price was Hill's. And in fact, the Hill's pricing goes into effect here in the United States in the third quarter. And although we often don't like to say this, in that regard, we have been a follower and are the last major pet nutrition manufacturer to bring pricing to the market. And I would add that the pricing on the Hill's business and indeed the pricing we are taking around the world is substantially lesser than the pricing we had to take in 2008 and 2009. So, so far, broadly -- globally, we feel very good about the fact that the pricing is announced, accepted and out there to the tune of 85%, has not been debilitating from a consumer point of view so far and we think Hill's pricing has been judiciously taken. Now here in the United States, and I think we've been quite consistent about this on prior calls, we continue to find ourselves under some promotional pressure. And we said for our U.S. business, it was going to be a year of 2 halves, a basically flat first half and then we would see a recovery in the second half driven by innovation. Bina has now laid out quite clearly what the principal aspects are in the innovation area. Again, well received by the trade, and the only point of focusing on the innovation is that we have taken pricing in the United States. But that largely in the third quarter, behind the innovation stream that we are bringing to the marketplace. And in some businesses, dish, for example, our pricing is following the leading competitor in the category. So the U.S. was always going to be a second-half proposition and that included pricing, but the pricing in the U.S., again, is announced and accepted and it is behind the innovation stream that is just now going to market. And I would add that our U.S. business in the month of July is off to a very healthy start, substantially outpacing the first months of the prior 2 quarters, so we do think the plans we have in place should be effective across the back half of the year.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Mark Astrachan with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Mark Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I guess question on gross margins. Given the pricing that has been implemented or will be implemented, I would've thought gross margins would have been up a little bit more over the back half of the year. I guess I'm sort of curious on puts and takes there and obviously if you could go through your bridge, that would be helpful in the second quarter. But in terms of what's embedded in the numbers on a go-forward basis, is there some anticipation of seeing some of that pricing being reinvested into the business beyond what you said about disposal?
Ian Cook: Well of course, if we talk about gross margin, unless the reinvestment were in price, that would come below that line. But let me start with the roll forward from the second quarter of 2010 and then let me comment on the balance of the year around margin, but focusing on our savings and pricing activity. So the gross profit second quarter 2010, as you know, was 58.8%. We picked up in the second quarter of this year 0.2% from pricing. As we had indicated on the first quarter call, our Funding the Growth savings contribution was a positive 1.9 percentage points, 190 basis points, which was an acceleration from the first quarter as we have said it would be and pleasingly is ahead of the step up we had in the second quarter of 2010. So I think Colgate people around the world, consistent with our value of continuous improvement continue to find terrific savings opportunities with our Funding the Growth program. And again, we expect that to continue and to continue to step up quarter-on-quarter as the year unfolds. Material prices were, however, a net negative headwind of 3.2 percentage points, 320 basis points leading to a net negative of 130 basis points. And then you had some other changes, mix and the like, leading us to the 57.4 on the year. So the central issue in the second quarter is that while our Funding the Growth savings were excellent, they were not adequate to offset the step up in material costs, and our pricing contribution was modest. Now when we last spoke, when you think about the entire year, we said that we thought material prices would be up between 10% and 13%. As the year has unfolded, we are very much towards the upper end of that range, in terms of the increase in our cost of goods. So while we expect the Funding the Growth savings to provide increased contribution to gross margin, and we expect pricing to play an important role in offsetting the commodity costs, still, we think the reasonable outlook for the year is to close the year at about the first quarter level as Bina said. And while we will see improvement quarter-on-quarter, we think the best we can do this year, which frankly was the objective we had balancing volume with pricing coming into the year and that is to offset the dollar impact of the cost increases we face, and we'll return to rebuild the ratio in 2012.
Operator: And we'll move on to the next question from Nik Modi with UBS.
Nik Modi - UBS Investment Bank: Just -- you hinted at or briefly talked about more cost saving opportunities. Just curious if you can give us a little bit more detail on exactly what you have planned and any type of magnitude quantified at all?
Ian Cook: Well, I think the answer actually, Nick, is probably no. But let me reframe again and give you some indication on what we're planning. You will remember we started talking towards the end of last year about the fact that given the volatility in commodity costs in our world today, we were increasing our focus on organizational realignment and restructuring opportunities that we could work through the income statement. You will remember, in the fourth quarter of last year, we did some of that on a lesser scale and obviously, with the opportunity of the gain from the sale of the detergent business, we very much have had active initiatives underway to utilize that one-time gain to set us up for 2012. So as Bina said, we will be -- we expect to be using that gain to fund realignment and restructuring actions, which are likely to benefit 2012 given the implementation timing and, as was the case with the last 2 restructurings we have done as a company, will provide a rate of return in that 30% to 40% range. So you get a sense of the return we are expecting on that investment. Of course, we don't want to reveal or discuss prematurely what the specific actions might be. Suffice to say, structural and realignment will be the 2 key operating words.
Nik Modi - UBS Investment Bank: And, of course, Ian, at some point, I guess when you have kind of broadcasted that to the organization, you'll provide us more details on exactly what you guys are planning?
Ian Cook: We absolutely will because we think some of the things we have are operationally quite inventive and will be meaningfully important for the company going forward. So we will certainly be talking about it once we're in a position to do so.
Operator: The next question today comes from Joe Altobello with Oppenheimer.
Joseph Altobello - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Just 2 quick ones if I could. First, I'm trying to square your comments regarding the pricing to support gross margins in the back half of the year and your outlook on volumes. Because it seems like if you put the 2 together, you're anticipating price increases along with volume acceleration in the back half. Is that because you've got easy compares? Is that because of innovation or a combination of the 2? And then secondly, when would we expect to see possibly the pricing in North America to turn positive?
Ian Cook: Well, let me talk a little bit about the volume first. It is an acceleration of volume. And that is driven I guess largely by 2 things. One, a continued -- a continuation of the momentum we have in Latin America where we have been able to take pricing and accelerate volume. And we expect that to continue behind the innovation stream that we have. And of course, as I mentioned a little bit earlier, the innovation that we have in North America, which we expect to lift the volume in the second half. So it's continuing at the pace we have had with continued growth in Latin America or accelerated growth in Latin America and the United States behind innovation. And the comparisons are a little bit gentler as you say year-on-year. And relative to pricing in the United States, I mentioned earlier that we really are taking our pricing in the United States in the third quarter. As we have said before, we now shift from hopefully perhaps a more promotional environment to an innovation-led environment from our point of view. And it is our expectation that the pricing in the U.S. will turn positive in the second half of the year, primarily in the fourth quarter.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Wendy Nicholson with Citi.
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Inc: My first question has to do with India, specifically, and then sort of the Greater Asia/Africa region more broadly. But I know -- we can track the India results because they're publicly traded, but the margins there have been kind of generally trending down. And I'm wondering whether that is simply, hey, India is struggling with commodity prices the same way everywhere else is. Or whether you're anticipating a lot more competition there. But the trend more broadly has been that your margins in Greater Asia/Africa have also trended down. So it's the whole region. But I think, Bina, your guidance was actually for stronger profit growth in the back half. So I'm wondering these places where you've got really big market shares and really well-entrenched franchises is India sort of indicative of another region where you're coming under pressure? Or am I reading too much into it?
Ian Cook: Without being discourteous, I think you're reading too much into it. The top-line performance in that part of the world is extremely strong, particularly in both of those markets and our leadership shares continue and we make progress. When you look at India, specifically, it is largely the commodity costs where we source many more of our raw materials in country from local suppliers. And sometimes those costs don't follow world trends exactly up or down. So India is specifically hit by that. And we are taking pricing there as we are elsewhere. And as Bina said, we expect to see progress over the back half of the year in that area from a gross margin point of view. Based on the pricing sticking, it really is not a competitive issue.
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Inc: Okay. And then more broadly, and I don't think you talked about this, but just currency, generally, obviously being I think a bigger tailwind this year than you would've expected and yet the guidance for earnings to still be in that mid-single digit range, that's great. But is the implication that, "Hey, if there are currency gains to be had on the EBIT line, you will choose to reinvest those?" Or would you flow them to the bottom line such that we could expect better than, let's say, 5% EPS growth?
Ian Cook: I think our strategic intent, Wendy, when we came into this year was to make sure we invested behind regaining momentum, accelerating momentum on the top line. And I think, unless it were unreasonable to do so, that our stated intent for the balance of the year would remain that. In other words, if foreign exchange became more favorable than our second half projections and we picked up discretionary funds compared to our estimates, estimates which, by the way, see advertising in the second half continuing to step up from the first half, both absolutely and as a percent of sales. But I think as a matter of strategy, it would be our intent to increase our investment, hold to the guidance we gave and make sure we secure the outcome we came into the year trying to secure, which was accelerating the top line growth of the company.
Operator: We'll take the next question from Chris Ferrara with -- I'm sorry from Per Ostlund with Jefferies & Company.
Per Ostlund - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Maybe just following on to Wendy's question on India but turning it to Latin America, specifically. It looks like you're basically holding your Latin America sales outlook consistent with what you said last quarter, though the operating income outlook might have been inched down a little bit. I think you went from kind of a double digit to high-single digit despite very high teens, very strong profit growth there this quarter. Is that really just sort of the gross margin pressure that you're seeing everywhere else? Or is there something more regionally specific going on there?
Ian Cook: No, I think the gross margin pressures in Latin America are the same as elsewhere. And if we look at the balance of the year, we see the year, as Bina said, for Latin America, are basically ending up where we ended up in the first quarter. I think the thing I would say coming back to Wendy's point is that one of the things we stated was to rebuild the top line acceleration is that we wanted to reinvest behind the business, and we have some meaningful increases in advertising across the back half of the year, as I said. So that's the strategy in Latin America and that slightly affects the EBITDA margin as you say. But we think it's the right decision for that very important and good growth region of the world.
Operator: We'll take the next question from Chris Ferrara with Bank of America.
Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch: So I wanted to go back on the currency question, right? And I guess the question is more backward-looking than forward-looking. But has currency been materially better than you expected it to be in the first half of the year? And I guess has advertising been exactly what you thought it was going to be, too? Because my sense is advertising as a percentage of sales for the first half hasn't gone up very much, or it hasn't been -- on a dollar basis, it has, right? But not as a percentage of sales. And currency has been very strong. So I guess where has that gone? Has it been -- has it been more in a difficult pricing environment?
Ian Cook: Well, the -- I think the real drag on the first half has been the gross margin. And in terms of our advertising, we were actually very pleased with the 140 basis points reduction in gross margin that we were still able to take the advertising up, albeit modestly on prior year on a ratio basis. And I think the thing that shifts in the second half of the year is we get progressive improvement in the gross margin because our Funding the Growth savings step up because the pricing now sticks in and contributes, and that will allow us to shift up our advertising spend behind the business and looking prospectively as Wendy asked. Should currency become more favorable in the second half of the year than we are estimating and we have discretionary funds, then I think strategically, we would continue to put it behind the advertising. But when we look at the pacing of our activity, we're actually quite happy with where our advertising is and where it is going to be going forward.
Operator: And Connie Maneaty with BMO Capital has the next question.
Constance Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Can you talk about the launch of Sensitive Pro-Relief in the U.S.? Where is it going to be priced? And is it going to be called the same thing once the arginine product gets out of the FDA. I guess I'm kind of wondering how you manage a brand that is different in different parts of the world?
Ian Cook: Well, I think -- very good questions, Connie. But I think in the end, what you manage is the benefit. The benefit is relief from sensitivity. We believe in the arginine technology obviously, which is why we have taken it globally. And we have the ability and are actively using that with an in-office product with professionals. Pleasingly, the product that we have in the Sensitive Pro-Relief that we are introducing has some proprietary technology that allows the active, which is potassium nitrate to speed its way to the nerve to offer faster relief, which is the same benefit that arginine delivers around the world. And so yes, the answer is we think it's important to be in that space with exciting advanced technology. We think Pro-Relief is the right name for it, given the nature of the benefit it can provide. It is priced at the sensitive segment pricing, which is to say premium. And when we do secure FDA approval, we will bring the arginine technology into that bundle as a further improvement and then it will be a companion to the in-office product, which hopefully by then professionals will have come to like and see the benefits that it provides. And I think it's a matter of marketing from the consumer's point of view there is no likely stumble with that kind of an approach.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ali Dibadj with Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: So just want to get a little bit of clarifications. So if you look at your expectations you had going into the quarter, you missed on volumes in Europe, Asia, Africa -- organic sales and operating profit, everywhere but in Latin America. So what changed specifically? If you can kind of just aggregate the level of change. Was it the competition was tougher or didn't raise prices as you'd have thought? Was it the macro consumer? Was it in some sense the elasticity of some of the price increases? So what was the surprise?
Ian Cook: Well, I don't think as we worked our way through the quarters there were -- good morning, Ali, by the way -- that there were many surprises. I think the biggest headwind we had to contend with as a company were the commodity costs. And when you talk about pricing, with the exception of Latin America, the pricing even though 80% to 85% of it is accepted and moving to retail or already at retail now, our pricing was not a significant factor in the second quarter. I must say the market growth rates in Europe and the United States, consistent with macroeconomic trends in those geographies continued to be low and in the United States specifically, lower than they have been historically. And that was also a factor. And there's no question in Asia there was a factor in Russia where we saw declines in our business and our category, which seemed to be corrected as we come into the third quarter, with Russia beginning to come back. But if I look at the world, those were the kind of changes we had to deal with. I think we have dealt with them and delivered, we think, good momentum into the quarter. And I think we feel good about where the balance of the year will be. Again, back to the themes of Funding the Growth in pricing and the innovation stream we have, behind which we are putting more advertising.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: So it does sound that there are -- I mean, because your expectations were different the way you delivered, that there were surprises or changes. And it sounds like they're more macro driven given the category growth that you're describing. If that's not right, correct me. But can you talk a little bit about the drivers of the category growth? So how much of it is competition? That certainly was an issue a little while ago. Is that still an issue in terms of the inability to take pricing as one would have been able to? Is that curtailing a little bit or is it just that, look, the consumer is strapped. We all hear about it. We all know about it. And that's been the struggle. So just a little bit more color if you could given you guys -- do have such breadth in terms of seeing what consumers are saying.
Ian Cook: Yes, it depends, Ali, I'm afraid. There is no sort of one general universal answer. I think in Europe, there is no question, our consumer data shows us that in some respects, consumers are simply being more frugal. They are buying less frequently. They are buying less volume when they do buy. And they're making that little squirt or squeeze last a little bit longer before they go back for the next repurchase. In the United States, I think it is more what has been the commercial intensity in the marketplace, which we have talked about often as people scrap for pieces of a smaller pie. And interestingly, in the United States -- again, I'm talking only our categories, but we have basically seen private label shares here in the United States either flat or coming down, which may be another way of thinking about the promotional activity that is coming from the branded goods. Unlike the last time we were on a call together, I think it would be fair to say around the world that you are beginning to see a diminution of competitive activity. You are certainly beginning to see people taking pricing, both announced and at retail, and that's what gives us, along with our innovation stream, the confidence in the second half of the year that we can take pricing in a world where people are doing the same, keep our Funding the Growth focus and therefore create the funds to put behind the innovation stream and the growth acceleration and momentum that we expect for the balance of the year.
Operator: We'll take our next question from John Faucher with JP Morgan.
John Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Just following up on the Latin American operating profit. I think you guided for a sequential deceleration, and I'm just trying to figure out, is this due to the potentially the Colombian business? Or is it really due -- if you look at the past couple of quarters, and it's a little complicated because of the comps, more than 100% of your operating profit growth has been coming from Latin America. And so I guess, is this also a sense that as the pricing goes through and as Funding the Growth goes through, you can just take some of the pressure off of the Latin American business in terms of the extent that it's been sort of carrying the rest of the profit growth given the tough developed markets?
Ian Cook: I wouldn't put it quite that bluntly. But I think there is no question in the second half of the year that the broad-based step up in Funding the Growth benefit and broad-based benefit from pricing is going to increase gross margin around the world and give us a better return. And then on the flip-side, consciously, for Latin America, we are taking our advertising spending up quite sharply to step up the volume growth in that part of the world. So yes, I think pricing sticking and Funding the Growth continuing to build around the world sees us putting even more money behind the healthy investment we have in Latin America.
John Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay, so following up on that just one quick question. So there's no real change in terms of sort of the pricing piece of the algorithm in Latin America? It's really just sort of what you're doing with some of that extra whatever gross profit you would have gotten from it?
Ian Cook: Exactly, so. It's a discretionary investment below the gross profit.
Operator: Jason Gere with RBC Capital Markets has the next question.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: I guess I just wanted to talk about the portfolio, where it stands. Obviously, with the inclusion of Sanex and then selling the laundry business in Colombia, I mean, are there more opportunities for you to exit tail brands in the portfolio, reallocate resources?
Ian Cook: I think if there are, they are modest. We basically focus on the 4 categories that we have, which obviously Sanex fits very nicely into. And as I have said before, if you rank things, then something always has to come last. Like children, that doesn't mean you love them any less. It just means they happen to be last. So I don't think from a strategic point of view there is anything of substance that we would say we might think about divesting. We like the businesses we have, and we think we can make progress with them.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay, and just for housekeeping. Just on Sanex, I know that it closed on the 20th of June. Was there any inclusion of sales in the quarter? I'm not sure if you mentioned that earlier in the conference call?
Ian Cook: I think someone may have mentioned it Jason, but the simple answer is no. No contribution.
Operator: . We'll take our next question from Javier Escalante with Weeden & Co.
Javier Escalante - Weeden & Co., LP: A question for you about Funding the Growth, which, to a large extent, is a little bit of a black box for us because we don't know what goes into it. And I know that you guys have said that is an accumulation or an aggregate of small programs. But backing to what you guys have disclosed and it's about $150 million in savings year-to-date, your target is about $300 million to $600 million in savings in Funding the Growth. So it would be great if you could please provide details on the most important new activities that will be kicking off and step up these Funding the Growth going forward. Because the shared service program is already in the base and it's about the 100 basis points and 190 basis points. But it seems that you should be growing -- I mean, generating savings that gross more over the 200 basis points in the balance of the year?
Ian Cook: The -- what I -- I guess my [indiscernible] will be that the projects that are most important are the ones that are yet to come. But let's take a step back. Funding the Growth has been a hallmark of this company for a long time. Funding the Growth had started as basically savings programs unaided by technology, which today, is enabled by SAP around the world, which gives us visibilities, interdependencies, connections, communication abilities that we never had before. And amongst our 3 values of caring, global teamwork and continuous improvement, that combination of continuous improvement and global teamwork means that as we identify opportunities, we share them quickly and we share them broadly. And I think we have a pretty good track record of delivering against our Funding the Growth commitments. And as I said earlier, we were really quite pleased with the 190 basis points of margin, gross margin contribution in the second quarter, which was a step up from the first quarter and the second quarter of last year. And captured by Funding the Growth is literally everything that goes into gross margin, which are the direct costs of the product, whether that's substitution, adaptation, renegotiation, aggregation, any of these kinds of initiatives. And then, we also have an aspect of Funding the Growth today that isn't in gross margin, where we focus on the indirect materials. That's everything that doesn't go into the product and that's everything from telephones to computers to cars to lab supplies, et cetera, et cetera. And we are applying the same principles enabled by SAP in those areas. That's what Funding the Growth is, and that's what we manage on a year-in, year-out basis. And I feel confident of saying that we will be within the $300 million to $600 million range that we have been for the last several years. But that's Funding the Growth. Now the other areas of focus which are going to be covered by the one-time gain from Colombia are those structural and realignment opportunities like the shared service center we have talked about in Warsaw. And those we will make transparent once they occur and the impact on the organization is clear.
Javier Escalante - Weeden & Co., LP: But the one thing, Ian -- and I know that is probably difficult to flesh out each individual program, but savings -- $600 million in savings year-over-year-over-year without taking restructuring charges, I -- from what I see, even looking at your peers in Europe, is pretty unique. Nobody has done this. So I guess -- I don't want you to reveal the secret sauce, but if you could just enumerate what is something specific that it can amount to $600 million this year and then next year is going to be incremental $600 million. It's quite aggressive and, I guess, I am trying to gain confidence without knowing too much details about it.
Ian Cook: But again, remember, not all of it goes into the gross margin. A large part of it does because we give that out. But Funding the Growth can go into the efficiency of how we buy our media. Funding the Growth can be in the trade spending that we execute around the world where we find a greater or better return on investment. If you talk about activities that go into the cost of product, different laminates, different plastics, different weights, different constructions. I mean, all of these areas are under constant inspection, and technology improves and changes year-on-year. And that we are able to take advantage of perhaps quicker than some because we have access to it so quickly with an SAP system that tracks and drives the entire company. And again, look at our track record in terms of our ability to deliver against it. I think you see it in the numbers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Lachky with Wells Fargo.
Joe Lachky - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Looking at the big picture, you -- I guess you mentioned you're beginning to see a reduction in the level of promotions. But I guess, longer-term, if you look over the past 5 to 6 years, we've seen a clear upward trend for promotions domestically in all oral care categories. And now, oral care has always been competitive, and I imagine you'll continue to see competitive pressure, especially internationally. You mentioned Mexico, Brazil. But with all the ongoing acceleration and promotions over the long term, how do you view the future profitability of oral care?
Ian Cook: Terrific. The -- that's one piece of an equation, and oftentimes that's fueled by people that may want to take a run at a business. But again, behind a strategy and a category like oral care and why we like the category is you really can build loyalty with a consumer, with a product that they put in their mouth and their kids' mouth to deliver a benefit that can be endorsed by a professional who independently assesses the performance of your product. And if the performance of the product is superior and seen as a real benefit by the consumer, there is the opportunity to raise price. And even during the worst of the sub-prime in Brazil, for example, Colgate Total, which is a significantly premium-priced product in that country, was the brand that led the share progress in the country. So the characteristics of the category are such that if you deliver a benefit and you have the loyalty we have and you have the professional recommendation, whilst the promotion is there, the strength of a brand and your ability to premiumize the business over time in a way that consumers think and see they're getting value leaves us very comfortable with the future prospects in that category.
Operator: We'll now hear from Caroline Levy with CLSA.
Caroline Levy - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Ian and Bina, just wondering if you can compare and contrast Mexico and Brazil. Because just looking at other people's results, it's been really a mixed bag, very mixed bag. And if you can talk about just the consumer in each place and then also the competitive dynamic. Are they the same or different?
Ian Cook: Well, Mexico is a little bit closer to the U.S. than Brazil, and therefore, the macros that are in the U.S. more directly affect Mexico than Brazil. I guess that would be one observation. In our kinds of businesses, they tend to be fairly similar with perhaps the one exception if you look at per cap consumptions that the Brazilians, culturally, seem extremely advanced in terms of health and wellness behaviors and the use of those kinds of products, which is obviously to our advantage. But in all other respects, I would say they're pretty similar. They have a modern trade. They have a down trade. We're strong in both. There are the same mix of multinational and local competitors, and we have very strong and bouyant and growing businesses. So we don't see an enormous discrepancy between a Brazil and a Mexico as indeed I have read some have commented.
Caroline Levy - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Okay. And the competitive environment in each in oral care, has it eased at all or accelerated?
Ian Cook: The competitive environment is what it is. Which is to say if you look at the new entrant in Brazil, we are still seeing high levels of promotional activity. We are still seeing distribution limited to the more modern trade. The distribution in the down trade, which is about 20% of the category, is still in the low double digits, which is not well-advanced. And our recommendation levels and market shares, as Bina said, continue to go up. In Mexico, we were actually very pleased to see the results of the latest share read. And there again, you see heightened promotional activity. You see a brand that is not pro-health leading the share they have, and you're seeing up to 75% of the business on promotion all of the time. So again, back to the answer to the prior question, we think our focus on innovation with a loyal brand, professional recommendation and the kind of advertising support we have behind the business will see us well.
Operator: We'll now hear from Alice Longley with Buckingham Research.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: I have a follow-up question on pricing. I think your guidance for the third quarter for the U.S. is that volume would be up low-single digit and organic growth up modestly. Not sure the difference between the 2, but they sound close. And I'm just wondering why we're not seeing the pricing coming through. Is it because you expect promotional activity, a hike in promotional activity to offset the pricing?
Ian Cook: The -- basically, you have seen what the pricing was for the first 2 quarters. You will see pricing move to basically flat in the third quarter and then into positive territory in the fourth quarter. That's a combination of taking price increases, which, as I said, will take effect in the third quarter, thereby mainly benefiting the fourth quarter. And that's beginning to switch our focus behind the innovation and trying to move away or see less of the kind of promotional activity that has been a factor in the first half. So flat, positive in the fourth quarter, which we think is a responsible evolution as we bring the innovation to market.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Just to clarify. I think you said that the price increases were out there at retail in July. So you expect heightened -- your promotional activities to still be up in the third quarter offsetting that pricing?
Ian Cook: What I meant was the pricing in some categories was on the shelf in July. But in other categories, when you announce it in July, it doesn't get to the shelf until September. So what I was saying is the pricing is out there, by which I mean it is out there with retailers. And as I said, it is either at retail or moving to retail and the lead-lag between announcement is between 10 and 12 weeks.
Operator: Our next question comes from John San Marco with Janney Capital Markets.
John San Marco - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: I think a similar question was asked earlier about what changed during the quarter. But specifically, I want to ask this question with respect to the North American region. Can you just talk about that operating profit decline we saw in North America, which I think was 10% lower than what you had expected and what changed in a short 3-month period to drive that shortfall?
Ian Cook: Well, the -- in terms of our North American business, the real, I guess, influence was, as it is elsewhere in the world, but it tends to reach North America quickest, was the pressure from commodity costs that we were unable to offset with pricing because of the promotional environment. So I think that was the biggest factor on the quarter for North America.
Operator: We'll take the next question from Bill Schmitz with Deutsche Bank.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG: Was there a big difference between the sell-in and the sell-through in the quarter in the U.S.? Because I know this category is not great, but directionally, it seemed like the sell-through data was much better than the reported sell-in that you guys had today?
Ian Cook: Shares have been good in the U.S. Obviously, with the category gross rates being what they are, you these days have a little bit inventory at retail than has been the historical norm. But I would say nothing dramatic, Bill.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. So it wasn't that like there was a lot of inventory at the beginning of the quarter and you kind of work it down through the balance?
Ian Cook: No. I mean, I'm not putting it forward in that sense. I am saying that with the slowdown in the categories, given the lead times in the United States, with the kind of lifts that you're seeing, I just think it's a fair observation to say there is a little bit -- in the first half, there has been a little bit more inventory at retail than you would see normally. I think that's worked its way through the system. And as I say, I'm quite happy with the market shares on our U.S. business consumption.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG: Perfect. And just one more, if I could. Was there -- if you look at the gross margin, maybe you don't really look at it this way, but was it disproportionally -- the hit just pushed your way to the Home Care business. Because if you look at the segment profit changes, it seems like -- Europe obviously was the biggest decline, year-over-year. I know that this is about half home care. I mean, is there a difference in your pricing ability in that business and was that the bigger driver of the gross margin decline?
Ian Cook: I would say if you look at our business, the biggest impact, and I think it's for everyone, has been in fats and oils in terms of the way they affect your bath soap business. That's clearly one. And then, yes, I think it would be fair to say, although thankfully petroleum is staying where it is right now, at least it seems to be, that your home care businesses do tend to be more impacted because of that. And I think it would be fair to say that there is lesser pricing power in Home Care than you would find in the oral, personal or pet nutrition businesses.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay, great. And then just one last one. On share repurchases, do you have an outlook for the back half of the year?
Ian Cook: Yes, it's still going to be in that 1.8% to 2% range.
Operator: We'll now hear from Linda Bolton Weiser with Caris.
Linda Bolton Weiser - Oppenheimer: Just kind of a longer-term question. Colgate has always hit kind of a targeted gross margin expansion goal long-term and not so much operating margin, which I understand the reasoning behind that. But a lot of investors like to see operating margin expansion, and there's a lot of companies even in the consumer products sector that believe they can expand their operating margin over a long period of time. Can you just give us some color on how we should think about that? Is it that once we get top-line growth stronger then maybe we will see some leverage of SG&A down the road and you can expand that margin or -- I'm having trouble picturing a 25%, 26% operating margin, which is where you guys would have to be headed toward, the very high level of operating margin?
Ian Cook: Yes, the -- I think, Linda, the focus we put, which is back to this Funding the Growth thing, is the gross margin. And I think we said on the last call that given the volatility we had seen in our world, that we were targeting something like a 63 gross margin by about 2015. So that is the goal that we are driving against on the gross margin side. Now on the overhead side, with the comments we made this morning. Obviously, we have been assessing for some time our ability to realign, reorganize and restructure in order to get overhead relief, recognizing the volatility in the raw materials, and all of this to allow us to invest appropriately behind our businesses and deliver our long-term double-digit EPS growth. So I think that's how you should think about it, which is to grow a business 4 to 7 volume top line. We seek to increase our gross margin, reduce our overhead to put funds behind the advertising and deliver long-term double-digit earnings per share growth. So that's the kind of framework I would suggest to you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jon Andersen with William Blair.
Jon Andersen - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: I'll keep it brief here. I was wondering if you could just provide a little more color on the pacing of the new products that you mentioned earlier for the second half, those being Optic White and I guess the Palmolive relaunch and the Softsoap bar soap. And then the ad spending behind those -- that relaunch of those or those new products, should we expect advertising spending to be up absolutely and as a percent of sales in the second half?
Ian Cook: No, I mean, if I take a world basis, let me start there, we expect our advertising to be up absolutely and as a percent of sales in the second half. If we take the United States, which were the products that you quoted there, all of those products go to market in the third quarter, different months, different dates within those months. And I think in the United States, what you will see as the distribution builds, the bulk of the advertising support you will see in the fourth quarter. And there again, the United States will follow the world, which is to say up absolutely and as a percent to sales.
Operator: And with no -- I'm sorry, I was just going to turn the call back over to you. We have no further questions in queue.
Ian Cook: Thanks so much, Elizabeth. Well, thanks, everyone for joining us this morning. We very much enjoyed telling you about the second quarter, and we look forward to coming back and talking with you once we complete the third quarter. And again, a special thank you to all the Colgate folks out there who get all of this done. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-28 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Ian Cook - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Bina Thompson - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Javier Escalante - Weeden & Co., LP Dara Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley Lauren DeSanto Constance Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital John Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Mark Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Joseph Altobello - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. William Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets, LLC William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG Douglas Lane - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Inc Jon Andersen - William Blair & Company L.L.C. Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Linda Bolton Weiser - Oppenheimer Joe Lachky Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch John San Marco - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC
Operator: Good day, and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Co. First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgate.com. [Operator Instructions] At this time, for opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson. Please go ahead.
Bina Thompson: Thank you, Lisa. Good morning, everybody, and welcome to our First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. With me today are Ian Cook, Chairman, President and CEO; Dennis Hickey, CFO; Victoria Dolan, Corporate Controller; and Elaine Paik, Treasurer. This conference call will include forward-looking statements. These statements are made on the basis of our views and assumptions as of this time and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual events or results may differ materially from these statements. For information about certain factors that could cause such differences, investors should consult our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on our website, including the information set forth under the caption Risk Factors and Cautionary Statements on Forward-looking Statements. We will discuss organic sales growth, excluding foreign exchange, acquisitions and divestitures. A full reconciliation with the corresponding GAAP measures is included in the press release and is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.colgate.com. We're pleased with our results as we begin 2011. As you are aware, global business conditions remain challenging with sluggish category growth rates in the developed world and steeply rising commodity costs everywhere. Despite that, our volume and organic sales growth are accelerating and our global market shares are up on a year-to-date basis in toothpaste, manual toothbrushes, bar soaps, shampoos, household cleaners and fabric conditioners with balanced market share results across division. Our advertising investment have also increased from the fourth quarter of 2010 to support our innovations and that is expected to further increase as the pace of new product launches quickens through the balance of the year.  Our volume growth of 2% is on top of the increase of 6% in the first quarter of 2010. We still expect full year volume growth to be in the 4% to 5% range as comparisons ease for the remainder of the year. You'll hear about new products launched and planned as we go through the division. The pipeline is as full as it has ever been. Due to the severe rise in commodity costs, our gross margin declined year-over-year as compared with a 170 basis point increase in the year ago period. And we expect our gross margin to remain around our first quarter levels for the remainder of the year as we anticipate the current cost environment to be largely offset by another year of very strong fund in the gross savings and appropriate price increases. Looking forward to the remainder of the year, we should also benefit from a more favorable currency tailwind than originally anticipated in the beginning of the year. And as you know, we announced the acquisition of the Sanex business a little over a month ago along with the divestiture of our laundry detergent brands in Colombia. Those transactions are still under review by the respective competition authorities in Europe and Colombia, but we're excited about the acquisition as it fits precisely what our strategy is focusing on, higher growth and margin brands around the world. As we previously told you, these transactions are expected to have an accretive effect on a combined basis of approximately 4% on total company earnings in 2011, due entirely to the one-time gain on the detergent business sales and a positive effect on earnings in 2012 of approximately 1% from growth and efficiencies of the Sanex business. As referenced in the press release, organic sales growth in the emerging market is solid and we expect that to continue. Encouragingly, we are beginning to see signs of improvement in developed markets, particularly Europe, which should bode well for the remainder of the year.  Our balance sheet remains solid and cash flow is strong, which allowed us to continue our share repurchase program as well as to announce a dividend increase of 9% effective in this quarter. Working capital levels remain low and our return on capital is at 38.1%, up over a point from the year end 2010. So let's turn to the division, starting in North America, business in this region remains challenging. Category growth rates has slowed somewhat from last year and competitive promotional activity is still high. So we're pleased that our all outlet toothpaste market share is up on a year-to-date basis, maintaining market leadership.  One encouraging sign is that private label shares are flat or down in most of our categories in the U.S. As you know, private label and toothpaste has remained in the area of 0.5% for many years.  We're excited about a number of new product launches in the first quarter. Our relaunch of Colgate Total is exceeding and strengthening the brand equity with our share of Colgate Total up 20 basis points year-over-year. Our latest advertising campaign is the strongest in five years. Our tracking tests are showing superior recall, branding and messaging both, versus our previous campaigns and versus competition. In the second quarter, we also have a new campaign directed to diabetics who are prone to developing gingivitis. We will be advertising in print and on dLife, a lifestyle website for people with diabetes. As well as launching a program for diabetes educators along with a new Colgate Total variant placed in the diabetic section in store. Our latest in the Max franchise, Max Clean with SmartFoam has now gained full distribution at all accounts. Advertising begins in May, both on television and online. And given the younger target user, we will be sampling both in universities and popular travel destinations. In the manual toothbrush category, first quarter saw the launch of Colgate 360 Surround, a breakthrough toothbrush innovation design to remove bacteria in three ways: the cleaning efficiencies achieved with unique surround designed bristles, a first in its kind wrap around cleaner and a cheek and tongue cleaner. And in support of the launch media accompanied by a strong integrated marketing campaign began this month. We have even more exciting new products which we'll launch in the third quarter, and we'll update you on those when we get closer to their introduction. So looking ahead, we expect volume in North America to be even with a year ago in the second quarter and the full year. Organic sales should be down modestly in the second quarter, flat for the full year. Operating profit is expected to decline mid-single digit for the second quarter and full year. Turning then to Europe. We're pleased with our results in Europe given the continued difficult macroeconomic conditions in both Western and Central Europe. Encouragingly, we are beginning to see positive growth in the Oral and Personal Care categories while declines in Home Care are slowing and our market shares are solid.  In 2010, we were the only company that increased our regional market shares in all Oral Care categories and that momentum has continued into 2011. On a year-to-date basis, our shares are up in toothpaste both manual and battery toothbrushes and mouthwash. In toothpaste, our launch of Max White One has been successful across the region. In Greece, Sanex resulted in a record share of 50.3 in the latest period. In Italy, where we are now the market leader, our share is up almost a full point year-to-date and Max White One has been completely incremental to the Max franchise. In manual toothbrushes, our share is up 40 basis points across the region to 20.3% with the most recent period up 20.8%. In non-Oral Care categories, we're very pleased with our share performance in fabric conditioners where the share is up 70 basis points year-to-date. In France, our biggest market, our share is up 50 basis points to 51.4, the best performance in over three years. So while we remain cautious in our outlook for this region, we expect the results to improve throughout the year. Volume growth for the second quarter and full year is expected to be low- to mid-single digit, with organic sales growing low single-digit. Operating profit is expected to decline modestly in the second quarter, but should be up mid-single digit for the full year. Turning to Latin America, business across this region remained solid. As noted in the press release, we maintained our leading share position in toothpaste. And despite competitive challenges, our most recent Scantrack market share data in both Brazil and Mexico show increases versus the prior period, with Brazil at over 70% and Mexico at 80%. Our leading market share in toothbrushes is up over a full point on a year-to-date basis, fueled by good gains in Brazil, Mexico, Venezuela and Colombia. In Brazil, our share is up almost 1.5 points as products such as Colgate 360 meet with continued success. In mouthwash, we continue to grow share. Our share is up one full point year-over-year, narrowing the gap with a leading competitor from almost 30 points in 2007 to just under 12 points. In bar soaps, we increased our leading market share position up over a point year-over-year. And we now hold the number one position in 8 of 12 countries around the region with Protex holding the leading brand position followed by Palmolive.  In Mexico, our share was up 1.3 points driven by the successful relaunch of our Palmolive Naturals line. Year-to-date market share has also increased in underarm protection and fabric conditioners. And in liquid cleaners, we were stable and maintained our regional number one position. We're encouraged with the momentum in our Latin American business. As you know, volume growth in the first quarter of 2010 was 8%, presenting a difficult comparison. Going forward, we expect to see an acceleration from the first quarter of 2011 in both volume and organic sales. We expect volume growth for the second quarter and full year to be in the mid-single digit range with organic sales growing double digit for both periods. Operating profit is expected to grow double digit for the second quarter, up absolutely and as a percent of sales. Operating profit on an absolute basis for the full year is expected to grow double digit. Turning then to Greater Asia/Africa. The momentum in this part of the world continues. Despite pressure on gross profit due to increased raw material costs, our good control of overhead expenses allowed us to increase advertising to support both existing and new products. This has resulted in solid market share performance.  Our year-to-date regional toothpaste share increased year-over-year by 20 basis points and now stands at over 40%. We expect to continue to see strong results with a continued support of our relaunch of Colgate Total as referenced in the press release and the introduction this quarter of Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief Multi Protection. Toothbrushes, we maintained our regional number one position, close to 37%. In mouthwash, new products, strong media support, effective promotions and in-store visibility have allowed us to continue to grow our business. Year-to-date, our market shares are up 250 basis points to nearly 17%. And of particular note, in India and Russia, our shares are now over 20% and in China, our shares are almost 30%. While this is still a small category, we see very good growth potential and are excited about our progress. All of this bodes well for the rest of the year.  Looking forward, we expect volume in Greater Asia/Africa to be up high single-digit for the second quarter and full year with organic sales growing double digits. Operating profit on an absolute basis is expected to grow high single-digits for the second quarter and full year. And Hill's, we're delighted that our Hill's business has renewed momentum. The plans that we implemented throughout last year have delivered good results. First, our rightsizing and right pricing initiatives and then a full rollout of relevant new products. Volume growth was good both in the U.S. and internationally, and we're seeing an improvement in market shares and uptick in veterinary recommendations.  Here in the U.S., we see continued growth behind Science Diet Healthy Mobility, which was launched in June of last year. We are the number one brand in the mobility category and have brought new users into the Science Diet franchise. Their repeat rate is very high, evidence of the product's efficacy. Much of the advertising support has been through online and in-store activities. Increasingly, we see digital as a very effective and less expensive vehicle for supporting our brands. We told you on previous calls about success across Europe of our Science Plan VetEssentials, a wellness food distributed only through the veterinary channel. That resulted in an increase in our brand recommended most often in Europe by 2 points. Shipments in the first quarter exceeded our goals by 10%. So we're very excited about our launch here in the U.S. this quarter of a similar product, Science Diet Healthy Advantage Vet Exclusives. Initial orders have exceeded our goal. In support of the launch, we have distributed free bags to vet technicians to encourage endorsement. With a continued stream of new products planned for the balance of the year, we are encouraged about the prospects for Hill's. Volume for the second quarter and full year is expected to increase mid-single digit with organic growth at similar levels. Operating profit is expected to increase mid-single digit for the second quarter and full year, up on an absolute basis.  So in summary, we're pleased with our results for the first quarter, particularly with the global macroeconomic challenges we and our competitors have been facing. Momentum is building and we expect that to continue as we go through the balance of the year. Our strategies are in place and working, our market shares are increasing and Colgate people around the world are committed to delivering another good year in 2011. Lisa, that's the end of my prepared remarks. And now I would like to turn it over to the Q&A session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll now take our first question from Bill Chappell with SunTrust.
William Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Just wondered if you could quantify a little bit more for us kind of the commodity exposure. This is an old metric, but it used to be $1 of oil was $0.01 to EPS all else equal, and I didn't know if there was any way to look at that and maybe kind of quantify what pricing is needed to offset that?
Ian Cook: Okay, Bill. Well, let me try and give you a holistic view on commodity costs, the pressure they bring and how we are dealing with it. And I think frankly, the situation and the answer is probably more complex and broader than simple algorithms. Perhaps I could take this opportunity to do what we traditionally do on this call and that is to give you the roll forward of the prior year gross margin to this year's gross margin for the first quarter. So prior year gross profit was 59.2%. We have some minor other and pricing offsetting, but the crux of it is that the material price impact was 1.9 percentage points negative quarter-on-quarter and our Funding the Growth savings were 1.1% positive, and that's the 80 basis points difference. So what we saw in the first quarter is that our Funding the Growth was inadequate to offset the cost impact and pricing did not contribute. If you take a step back from our point of view, as we entered this year, we said we were redoubling our focus on Funding the Growth. And if you look back at 2010 and prior years, you will know that the way our Funding the Growth program builds, it tends to progressively improve quarter-on-quarter, which is to say that the first quarter is the lowest quarter in terms of our Funding the Growth savings. And with our focus this year, we very much expect a similar progression across the balance of the year. So we will get a better offset with Funding the Growth savings against the material prices as the year progresses. Secondly, on pricing, we took pricing in the first quarter broadly across categories and around the world, and we'll have more pricing as the year progresses. But with the lead lag on pricing, what we're going to see is that we will get some benefit in the second quarter, but the majority of the benefit from price will come in the second half of the year and that pricing will see our organic sales move from a mid-single digit to a high-single digit level. So we will be taking appropriate pricing in the circumstances so as not to prejudice volume, and it will not be at the levels we took in 2008 or 2009. And if you put that together, that is what gives us our view on holding gross margin this year at the first quarter level, essentially offsetting the dollar impact of the material costs. Now the other thing we said was that we were focusing on structural overhead changes that we could also bring to the income segment as the year unfolded, and we continue to very much focus on that. And we'll report as we have anything to report. So that's an additional area that we are focused on.
Operator: And for our next question, we'll go to Wendy Nicholson with Citi Investment Research.
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Inc: If you can just continue on that train of thought because that was a lot of information, and I don't know if I got it all because if the savings is supposed to accelerate as we go through the course of the year and the benefit of pricing is supposed to get better. As you look forward for 2Q, 3Q, 4Q, what have you budgeted or assumed that, that 1.9 drag from inflation in the first quarter is going to escalate to? And the next part of that is, can you talk about your expectation for promotional levels, kind of given that you've got a back half weighted, I think, new product program or innovation program, do you think your promotional spending is going to go up so there's going to be an incremental drag, if you will, on the gross margin?
Ian Cook: Thanks, Wendy. That's very much factored in. As you know, when we go through this gross profit roll forward, we tend to focus on the quarter that we're in and not talk to the prices going forward. As we look at commodity costs as the year unfolds, I think the last time we spoke, we talked about an 8% to 10% increase. That range over the year is now between 11% and 13%. Therefore, the Funding the Growth savings and the pricing we think judiciously and appropriately being taken will offset that headwind over the balance of the year. Now from a promotional point of view, as we look around the world, frankly, we continue to see elevated levels of promotional activity, and we continue to meet that promotional activity where necessary. But we think the pricing we have in, we can take in the context of maintaining our volume momentum. And so therefore, whatever activity to generate trial for our new products that we have built in are already built into those assumptions. And as you know, Wendy, when one thinks about price and leveraging from a gross margin point of view, we focus, yes, on the pricing per se but also on the innovation and what premium pricing that can bring on our promotional activity and how we can make that more efficient with Colgate business planning on resizing in order to accrue a margin benefit. So there is the basic price and then the multiple marketing techniques that we have to advance gross margin.
Operator: And for our next question, we'll go to Doug Lane with Jefferies.
Douglas Lane - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Can you put a little bit more color on the reduced outlook for North America, what's driving that? And then maybe as part of that answer, can you talk about recent declines here in Mennen and Irish Spring, which seem to have been fairly persistent?
Ian Cook: Okay, if we talk about the U.S., as you know, Doug, over half of that business is in the international markets and the growth attained there, North America and Europe, as we have discussed them before have slower category growth to begin with. And we have seen, as Bina commented, a slowdown in the growth of our categories even from the fourth quarter to the first quarter. So you see stepped up promotional activity in our categories. The big factor for us in North America is the timing of our innovation, which last year was very much first quarter oriented and this year is very much third quarter oriented. We have already received the benefit of the relaunch of Total that we did last year, which is helping consolidate our leadership market position on toothpaste. Bina mentioned the new Max variant, which is just going to market in the second quarter. And then I think you'll be quite excited by some of the innovation you see in the second half. If I turn to the other two businesses that you called out, actually, Irish Spring is a very strong and buoyant business. And the modest slowdown we have seen is in part related and planned for in the pricing action we took, given the sharp run-up in fats and oils, but we have extended that equity quite nicely into the body wash category and have grown a very good market share position there. On the underarm business, that is a challenging category. It is highly competitive with multiple key players. We have seen our Mennen shares under pressure in that business. We believe we have a stream of innovation now that is relevant. We have a stream of promotional activity that we view as strong, and we are looking to see that business stabilize as we work our way through 2011.
Operator: And we'll now go to Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.
Dara Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley: Ian, can you give us an update on and an overview of the competitive environment in your key categories and geographies in Q1? You mentioned North America remains intense, but is promotion getting better at all in other regions? And also can you give us a bit more detail on what's occurring in North America?
Ian Cook: It is just in-store promotional activity, price-related, seeking to attract consumers in markets that are not growing at historical levels. And I think there are several factors at play in the United States. Unemployment, even though the numbers are edging down, they are still high, and the underemployment rate is even higher, which has people economizing. You have the cost of gas where we see some quite substantial shifts in consumer shopping behaviors, both by types of stores and how frequently they purchase. And there is therefore a focus on price promotion to try and attract those consumers. Now hopefully as some of the macro factors will improve as this year and next year evolve I think ultimately from our side, which is what you will begin to see in the U.S., but meaningfully see as the second half opens is a stream of innovation that the consumer believes adds value and the value that they are prepared to pay for. And ultimately, it's that I think that is the challenge to brand marketers to win most from the consumer and move away from the price promotion, which we would very much like to do but we are not going to see our market shares disadvantaged. When you look around the world, we see similar levels of promotional activity in Europe. And as Bina said, in that context, we're particularly pleased with the progress we have made there. And in some of the emerging markets, as competitors perhaps take on strong established positions, we see significant promotional activity with more than half, in some cases, of businesses being sold on promotion and portfolios where it is the low price variance in the portfolios that are being pushed. But again, our approach in those emerging markets is to meet the activity we think we need to meet from a promotional point of view and to try and drive innovation so that we can grow categories and grow pricing, and therefore, margin. But I would say that the promotional landscape continues to be intense worldwide.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] For our next question, we'll go to John San Marco with Janney Montgomery Scott.
John San Marco - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Ian, can you comment on what your revised 2011 gross margin expectation should tell us about your mid-decade gross margin goals that you've communicated in the past?
Ian Cook: Yes, I think if we had, had visibility to the commodity cost increases that we have all enjoyed over the past six months, we would have commented on that already. So I think it's fair to say, John, that while we continue looking into 2012 and beyond to look for ways of having offset the dollar impact, then we rebuild the ratio as we did over the 2008, 2009 period, that would continue to be our goal. I do not think that a 65 in that mid-2015 timeframe is clearly a reasonable goal in this environment, but we continue to expect to make progress having got the significant impact of 2011 behind us. And as I also have said a couple of times before, we are broadening our focus, not just on savings that we can accrue for the gross margin but also what we can do structurally with our overheads to reduce that as a factor and bring that into the income statement as well. So you'll continue to see progress, but 65 is unlikely to be realizable by the mid-2015s and you will see a broader focus on overhead. You might see, I would say, of the gross margin something more in the 63 range by that 2015 period.
Operator: We'll go to Mark Astrachan with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Mark Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Couple of housekeeping questions. First, just what is the price of oil that you're assuming in your overall expectations for 2011? And then North America, in terms of the difference between volumes being up and sales and profit being down sort of, what is the assumption there in terms of the split to get operating profit negative in North America? How much is COGS versus promotional pricing, that sort of thing? And then just lastly, on Hill's, curious your views on whether you can take pricing there or not and just sort of how you think about the opportunity or ability to take pricing in that business going forward, especially given the improvement in volumes?
Ian Cook: Yes. What I think -- let's start in the order you had them I guess, Mark. First, from an oil point of view, our estimate at this stage has about $100 for the balance of the year. Although we have modeled beyond that, in fact, up around the $110 level, and obviously we will manage pricing and Funding the Growth between that depending on what unfolds. So I guess the answer is, in the estimate, it's $100 million. We've modeled $110, and we would feel comfortable if that's where the year ends up. So I guess that would be one. Moving to Hill's. Obviously, Hill's and pricing have been a topic of much discussion over the last couple of years. And clearly having got that business back, we think on a sustainable growth footing with the rightsizing, with the right innovation, with the right pricing, we are very sensitive to committing the mistake we made a couple of years ago again. That said, the commodity cost pressures are strong from an agro [ph] point of view. We have pricing assumed in the third quarter, modest pricing. And pleasingly, we have, in terms of publicly available information this time, a confirmation that others in that business have already announced pricing. So unlike the last 3 times where Hill's was the follower in that regard -- Hill's was a leader in that regard, this time Hill's will be a follower in that regard. From a North American point of view, really what you're looking at is a pickup in top line growth over the back half of the year and sequentially, an improvement in gross margin. And the offset is the investment we intend, plan to put behind that business behind that second half innovation stream.
Operator: And we'll go next to Ali Dibadj with Sanford Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: I got a couple of just very quick follow-ups and then kind of the core question. One, on buybacks, given Sanex, should we be assuming the same amount as you've talked about before? Number two is, you certainly addressed North America, you addressed kind of the challenges from a promotional perspective. But versus your expectations, you see North America and Asia, Africa were worse than expected. So what was that delta? Was it promotional or was it else -- other things? And the core question is really just around pet and kind of linked to the answer to your last question...
Ian Cook: What, I'm sorry, around?
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Pet. Sorry, pet. How do you think about it philosophically, particularly given the -- it sounds like tougher conditions for you to lead on pricing or raise prices? My guess is, as it has been given your company structure, the negative 190 basis points from commodity perspective was disproportionately on the pet food business and that has been historically. And so Funding the Growth is obviously a company-wide initiative, and in some sense you could think about subsidizing pet by other pieces of the business. And how do you think about that? Clearly, it's a good business, I'm not saying it's not. But how do you think about that as you kind of work the portfolio of your categories, particularly under this very difficult time of commodities and limits on how much pricing you can take. So two follow-ups and the core question.
Ian Cook: There's always a great way to beat the one question rule. In terms of the buybacks, as you know, we can comfortably acquire the Sanex business. Any final determination will be when it actually closes, but we would say at this stage that our buyback intentions are basically unchanged. If we turn to North America and Asia/Africa, let me take it in reverse order. Asia/Africa was basically Russia. The Russian markets were slow to down in the first quarter, which we were not expecting, had not modeled. They have started to come back, and we see that business back on track for the balance of the year. It really is as simple as that. And without trivializing a topic that we are extremely focused on, which is our North American business, you kind of hit it on the head, which is, that it is the promotional activity and the fact that in general, people are getting less return in terms of consumption from the promotional activity in the marketplace, which is why we want to cycle out of that as we move into the second half of the year with a significant step up in innovation. And on Hill's, whether one thinks about it philosophically or operationally or any other way. First, we are not subsidizing the business. Secondly, actually when you look at the cost breakdown, it is not this time disproportionately driven by the Hill's business. And third, we're always assessing the long-term vitality of categories that we are in. Hill's is no exception, but the characteristics of that business are still very sound which is to say that in the main pet owners give their pets the same, if not more affection than they give their children, which leads to good growth as the demographics change which leads to an ability to absorb price so long as you don't take it too far and which has a good gross margin and has the underlying security of that professional recommendation, which as Bina said, along with our volume and share is on a bit of an uptick right now. So those fundamentals, we like, the turnaround is actually playing out a little bit quicker than we had planned. And we think Hill's can and will continue to earn its way to private place in the portfolio going forward.
Operator: And we'll now go to Joe Altobello with Oppenheimer.
Joseph Altobello - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: First question, in terms of pricing, Ian, could you just give us a rundown of where you've taken or announced pricing in terms of categories in the first quarter? And then maybe in terms of the year-over-year change in volumes on promotion versus where you were last year? And then one last one, if I can sneak it in on Sanex, I imagine your outlook on M&A has not changed, and this is really a unique situation but correct me if I'm wrong on that point.
Ian Cook: Well, let's do it in reverse order, Joe, just to mix it up. On Sanex, no, our view on M&A has not changed. We actually view the Sanex acquisition as fitting exactly what we look for in an acquisition in the sense that it is strategic, that it gives us strength in a business that is important to us and that it is a premium-priced product with a simple and consistent healthy skin positioning and the consumer strength that comes with that. And we were able to signal our intention to buy that business at the same time as we sell a lower gross margin, inherently lower growth detergent business. So to your point, it was the perfect combination of both sides of our strategic equation. And we will continue to think about acquisitions the same way we always have from which the Sanex acquisition came from. In terms of pricing, I think frankly, it would be competitively unhelpful and also take too long to try and take you through our pricing that we have taken by category, by geography. But suffice to say, we have taken pricing in all geographies across a broad array of categories. And we'll continue to do that as the year unfolds in a very planned full way, balancing always on the competitive environment, the innovation stream we have to support the pricing, the consumer's ability to absorb the pricing. So we are unafraid of taking the right analysis to take pricing on the right businesses at the right time. And on the promotional line, again, that varies by geography. I think it would be fair to say that our promotional activity would be higher in the developed markets. And frankly, if you look at the developed markets year-on-year, they are depending where you look, modestly higher than last year, and in some cases, lower than last year first quarter. But I would say about the same level, modestly higher certainly in the United States.
Operator: And for our next question from Chris Ferrara with Bank of America.
Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch: So I guess I just wanted to revisit advertising. And in the quarter, I know that it was up sequentially and you talked about it going up against the higher comp, right? But if I go back to when I look at '07, '08, 2010, you were north of 11% in advertising. This quarter, you're back down below that in a year where I think we were talking about advertising running higher. I guess, can you just I guess give an updated view on how you're thinking about advertising for this year in light of the competitive environment and things like the shift from promotion to advertising and back and forth and so on? Thank you.
Ian Cook: Sure. I mean our view is unchanged, Chris. Our plan is still to increase advertising double digit. And we will see advertising go up both on an absolute and as a percentage to sales. Now in all things, one ends up with internal differences across divisions and across categories depending on how much you use the more efficient digital. And as I've said before, in some of those developed markets, the use of in-store techniques and vehicles, which sometimes hit the gross to net line, which is between the gross sales and the net line. So our advertising focus is behind gaining trial on our innovation. When we look at the advertising, we have behind the innovation, we have in our priority markets, it is exactly where we would want it to be. And the phasing on the year, as you say, is partly related to a year-on-year comp but more related to the timing of our activity, and we will see sequential increases in advertising ratio over the next couple of quarters.
Operator: We'll now go to Bill Schmitz with Deutsche Bank.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG: So can we just talk briefly about Latin America, specifically Brazil and Mexico because I don't think Mexico was mentioned in the press release. So I guess volume trends in Mexico? And then kind of how you look at those two businesses, which are obviously, the bulk of your Latin American sales? A look at how you think that is going to progress throughout the year? And then conversely, I think people kind of have beaten you up on the March contraction in Latin America, but it seems like Asia has more than overcompensated for that margin decline in Latin America, so maybe just a question longer term on the sustainability of that margin expansion in Asia?
Ian Cook: Well, let's start with your first question, which has to do with Latin America. I mean the Latin American story, frankly, is a very simple story. The volume this quarter, as Bina said, was up against the highest comp in the prior year. And the highest comp in the prior year, that 8% that Bina talked about was entirely related as it has been in the fourth quarter before to a step-up in activity consciously against the national rollout of the competitive toothpaste business. And that was predominantly related to -- exclusively related to Brazil. Going forward, we don't have that comparison. And as Bina said, we expect to see over the balance of the year, our volume in Latin America at a, we think, healthy 4% to 5% clip with again appropriate pricing on top, taking the organic to double digit. And obviously, in order to accomplish that, we have to get appropriate growth in Mexico and Brazil, and we are very confident that we can do that. I'm pleased to say this quarter has started off quite nicely in that regard. If you then talk to Greater Asia, again, somewhat consistent with the comment we made about gross profit. In total, we are expecting for the company this year that our gross margin will be basically around the first quarter level and that plays out in Asia the same way. Our expectation would be depending on what 2012 brings what we could, as we did in that 2008, 2009 period, start to make ratio progress again around the world, including Asia.
Operator: We'll now go to Joe Lachky with Wells Fargo.
Joe Lachky: I just have a question here related to SG&A, other than advertising. And I guess in context of your guidance and correct me if I'm wrong here, previously just walking through the guidance gross margin, you've previously said would be up 30 to 50 basis points, and if gross margins stays at the first quarter level, I guess that would imply now a headwind of about 70 to 80 basis points. And with EPS unchanged, and unless there's something going on below the operating lines, advertising is going to be up. It appears that the majority of the difference there may be in other SG&A, can you discuss maybe the trajectory of that, I guess, in context of it being up 40 basis points in the first quarter?
Ian Cook: Yes, well, as I said on the call -- as I said earlier on the call, as we look going forward, we see indeed our overheads improving, which is to say lowering as a percentage to sales as the year unfolds. You will remember in the fourth quarter, we talked about taking a restructuring that would benefit a couple of geographies, Hill's, North America and our European business, and we indeed have done that and that is going to drive that ratio down. And as I also mentioned earlier on the call, we continue to focus on other opportunities to change our structure organizationally only to do even better than that. But the difference is that sharper focus on the overhead component of SG&A.
Operator: We'll now go to Lauren Lieberman with Barclays Capital.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: My question was really quite broadly around pricing. I know you've talked about it several times already on the call. But I am just taken by your confidence in taking pricing, and I'm still not totally clear on how much it is through the course of the year. So this quarter, was there still any Venezuela pricing within Latin America? Why would single-digits is justified with currency in your favor in that market and margins arguably kind of got a little bit maybe ahead of themselves in '09 when you had taken so much pricing. So I don't know, I just struggle a little bit with why pricing can be so strong as you seem to suggest and also without any resultant impact on volumes?
Ian Cook: Okay, Lauren. Well, I guess if we want to take a step back, clearly, in the 2008, 2009 period, we took pricing at levels we had not seen in the prior 10 years for both of those years. When we think about pricing today, and what we have assumed in our plans, we're not talking about that level of pricing, and we're talking about perhaps a greater frequency of pricing. I mentioned that we have announced broadly in the first quarter and we have more pricing to come as the year unfolds. And we say volume in the 4 to 5 area and organic growth moving from the mid-single digits to the high single-digits as the year unfolds. So that kind of puts a boundary around the pricing that we are taking. And our view in terms of what we know about the consumer, the way we tend to take pricing, which is not just, you know you see the same package on the shelf and suddenly it's 3% higher, it gives us confidence we believe that at the levels we're talking about, we can execute them and not prejudice the year.
Operator: We'll now go to Connie Maneaty with BMO Capital.
Constance Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Could you explain a little bit what you mean by structural overhead changes? It's come up a number of times on the call. And I'm wondering what sorts of initiatives you would think about as you say sooner or later this will show up in the P&L? Or should we be thinking there is a restructuring that you're planning?
Ian Cook: No, I did not say that. What we're talking about here is what we did in the fourth quarter, which was that we -- I had identified some strategic improvements we could make to our organizational structure. We offset it against some one-time gains, and we will see the benefit, as I mentioned earlier, as we work our way through this year. So what we're talking about is working those efficiencies to the income statement as we work over the balance of 2011 and the kinds of things one is talking about I think we have talked before, about the shared service center in Warsaw, servicing 27 European countries, which changes not only how you organize to do it but actually changes the processes you use to get the work done, which brings further savings and efficiency. It's that kind of structural change that we are looking at for the balance of this year and into 2012. And you will remember, we set that after the -- our fourth quarter call and before because we wanted to have a broader view on where we could get savings from given the commodity pressure in 2011.
Operator: We'll now go to Javier Escalante with Weeden & Co.
Javier Escalante - Weeden & Co., LP: Ian, now that during the call you have reiterated your framework about the type of acquisitions that makes sense for Colgate, I cannot resist asking you if you could please apply that framework against an holistic relation that is now being rehashed? One that runs contrary to the reduction of Colgate exposure to categories that are commoditizing like Home Care, and which is the type of businesses you have been divesting for years? I'm sure you already guessed it. I'm referring to this notion of a deal where [indiscernible]. I know that it's not your favorite type of question, but if you could please comment on that.
Ian Cook: Well, first, Javier, let me reaffirm, it is not my favorite type of question. So you are correct. I think the answer is that we don't comment on those kind of rumors, which as you know have been around for a long while and are often self-serving and not helpful. So the answer is, no comment on that type of rumor. But as to your remark about our Home Care business, the truth in life is that when you rank things something comes lost. And therefore, as a matter of strategy, our Home Care business has the characteristics that place it as number 4 in our strategic prioritization. That means, I guess, like a fourth child, we don't love it any less. And although those categories do tend to have more commodity characteristics than Personal or Pet or Oral Care, you can find your way through. The example Bina gave with fabric conditioners in Europe where innovation can raise price and raise market share. And some of these categories without being too grand eloquent, I mean the emotional characteristic of a fabric softener is perhaps warmer than a bleach-type product that you might use for other reasons. And of course, bleach was the last of the Home Care businesses we divested in Latin America and Canada those years ago. So we like the business. And we think we can bring the innovation necessary to compete in that business, and we have no intention of selling that business.
Operator: We'll now go to Lauren DeSanto with Morningstar.
Lauren DeSanto: Yes, thanks for taking my call. My question, you spoke a bit about kind of the investment that you are needing to make. I guess I wanted to get a little bit more specificity to how you're thinking about investment as comparing emerging markets versus developed markets? Specifically kind of tactically, how you go about approaching the consumer when you've got a consumer in emerging markets that's got less discretionary spending versus ones in mature markets, where you see maybe they're making more trade-offs. So kind of just any kind of strategically or tactically how you think about going at those consumers to kind of build growth back in both regions?
Ian Cook: Well, Lauren, very broad strategic question. When you talk about the emerging markets, which are over half of our sales, I'm not sure we need to think about bringing growth back. I think the challenge is how do you maximize the growth you could get, and that is a lot of factors. I mean first, you have to focus on those consumers looking into your categories because we know when they do, they don't give up those behaviors even when times get tough. Then you have to have your products available to those consumers who can often live in the rural parts of the country so that your brand is accessible to them in sizes and at a price point that they can afford when many of them are buying on a daily basis. You then have to educate consumers to want to buy into an oral hygiene practice, which is what we do with our Bright Smiles, Bright Futures program. As you move more up the middle-class, you put focus on dental professionals to educate them to the great oral hygiene you can get with higher value, higher-priced products and, of course, bring the advertising pressure, often times television at one end as the family still gathers to watch the evening news and maybe digital telephones with text messaging at the other end as you reach the villages that don't have electricity. Now when you come to the developed market, our brands are often well-established, well-known. In fact, a recent global brand survey made Colgate the second most loved brand on the planet. And there you still need advertising to connect. You very much want to use the professionals whether it's on your Pet Nutrition business or your Oral Care business to recommend, but you will have more of your engagement with consumers in digital vehicles and you will have more of your engagement with consumers on the shop floor in the larger retail outlets that those consumers shop. And then the way we allocate our funds is what does it take to get those jobs done in both of those geographies. But we think we understand the consumers in both worlds, and we think we know how to reach them with our products and distribution and engage them in a conversation about our brands.
Operator: We'll now go to Jason Gere with RBC Capital Markets.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: You know what, the important questions have been asked. So I'll just make this call a little shorter.
Operator: We'll now go to John Faucher with JPMorgan.
John Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Ian, in looking at the new gross margin target, should we assume -- I guess I want to know how you're looking at it? I'm not asking you to predict raw materials over the next couple of years because they've been so volatile. But in that assumption, are you assuming that the current level is sort of a new base and we grow from here? Do you assume at some point there is a pullback and then you grow it at probably a little bit faster rate off that pull back. Just give us a little bit of color in terms of how we should map that out over the next four years or so, if you have any thoughts?
Ian Cook: Yes, thanks, John. Congratulations on the 80 basis points, by the way. I think our current thinking now is that we would start to build as we enter 2012, but of course, that all has to do with where we finally see commodity costs evolving to. But I guess philosophically, and we took that view over the 2008, 2009 period, job one is to offset the dollar impact of the materials, job two is to continue making the progress on the gross margin ratio in order to make sure that you can grow both on the topline and the bottom-line.
Operator: We'll now go to Andrew Sawyer with Goldman Sachs.
Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Just a quick one on growth rates by category. I think exiting last year, I had the impression that Oral Care was going into the mid-singles and Personal Care and Home Care are more flattish. You're seeing a little bit of reacceleration here early in the year? Can you just give us a sense of whether that's Personal Home Care business is picking up or if Oral Care has gotten stronger in some of the initiatives? And then how should we think about it as we went into the second half as some of your new products come out?
Ian Cook: Okay, thanks, Andrew. Well, let's take I guess net sales. The progression I would say is pretty much the same as the way you laid it out, Andrew, which is that Oral Care is running in a mid- to high-singles. I'm now talking the first quarter, Personal running in the mid-singles and Home Care not far behind that and Pet Nutrition somewhere between Personal and Home and Oral Care. So no substantial acceleration. But our expectation is that those categories, the Oral, the Personal and the Pet Nutrition will be the ones leading the pack. And as we said, we see and we forecast that, that growth rate will start to pickup particularly in the second half of the year.
Operator: We'll now go to Jon Anderson with William Blair.
Jon Andersen - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Just a quick update on Dish liquids in the U.S. I think you talked recently, Ian, about some innovation going into that market that's designed to impact the trajectory of that business. Is there any update there? And then also just a quick update on Sensitive Pro-Relief in the U.S., if there is any?
Ian Cook: I'll just take your second point. First, there is no material update on Sensitive Pro-Relief in the U.S. We continue to grow share internationally. We continue to build professional recommendation internationally. In fact, in some markets, we have a strong leadership position in terms of the dentist recommending Sensitive Pro-Relief for a sensitive condition over and above the leading brand previously. So continue to make very good progress outside the U.S. and no update on the U.S. Now the Dish, you're right. We had two main activities in the first quarter of this year. One was bringing the complete resizing and bottle change of the portfolio to the marketplace, which was completed at the end of the first quarter. And the second was introducing the first and only Dish liquid approved by the EPA to kill germs on dishes as opposed to on hands when you use the Dish liquid as a liquid hand soap, which we think is a strong claim in today's market. Clearly, because those two things have just happened pleasingly, our market share has grown in the first quarter from the fourth quarter of last year and obviously, with the new portfolio at shelf and the innovation, we're looking for that to continue as the year unfolds. So early days, some encouraging progress.
Operator: And we'll now take our final question from Linda Bolton Weiser with Caris.
Linda Bolton Weiser - Oppenheimer: I don't think you ever gave very much detailed information about the severance charges you took a couple of quarters ago. Can you talk about -- are those headcount reductions already all completed or will they be spread throughout 2011? And then how much in cost savings are we looking for from that? And are you thinking of it as an offset to higher commodities or is part of the savings going to drop to the bottom line?
Ian Cook: I'll start with a strategic answer first. The answer is yes, we are thinking about it as a way of insulating the income statement to the volatility of commodity costs. That's why we began to set up our efforts in that area the second half of last year, and why we took the charge we took in the fourth quarter. And secondly, they're not all completed. They are working their way through the year. They are reflected in the reduction in the overhead ratio that I mentioned a little bit earlier and were all built into our budget. What I said earlier was that we continue to look for additional opportunities that we may choose to work through the income statement and take as the year unfolds. But the general principle is that it is a focus that we have taken over the past year and one which will continue given the environment that we are in. So I thank you for all of your questions. We look forward to reporting again as the second quarter draws to a close. And thanks to all the Colgate folk around the world who make it happen.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-01-27 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Ian Cook - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Bina Thompson - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Constance Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital William Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets Alice Longley - Buckingham Research Group, Inc. John Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co Mark Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Ali Dibadj - Bernstein Research Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets, LLC William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG Douglas Lane - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC John McMillin - Prudential Equity Jon Andersen - William Blair & Company L.L.C. Alec Patterson - RCM Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Caroline Levy - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Nik Modi - UBS Investment Bank John San Marco - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Henry Capellan Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good day, and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company's Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year-end 2010 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I'd like to turn the call over to Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson. Please go ahead.
Bina Thompson: Thank you, Katie. Good morning, everybody, and welcome to our Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2010 Earnings Release Conference Call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, Chairman, President and CEO; Steve Patrick, Vice Chairman; Dennis Hickey, CFO; and Elaine Paik, Treasurer. This conference call will include forward-looking statements. These statements are made on the basis of our views and assumptions as of this time and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual events or results may differ materially from these statements. For information about certain factors that could cause such differences, investors should consult to our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on our website, including the information set forth under the captions risk Factors and Cautionary Statements on Forward-looking Statements. We'll discuss our results and outlook, excluding the one-time charge of $271 million related to the transition to hyper inflationary accounting in Venezuela as of January 1, 2010, and the fourth quarter items described in the press release. We will also discuss organic sales growth, excluding foreign exchange, acquisitions and divestitures. A full reconciliation with the corresponding GAAP measures is included in the press release and is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.colgate.com. And we'll be glad to answer any questions you may have, including or excluding these items as you wish. As we get started this morning, I want to put our fourth quarter in a more strategic context and share our thoughts going forward. You'll see, as I review the divisions, that our market shares are very healthy around the world, and especially in the emerging markets, which represent over half of our business. We continue to perform well, given the current competitive and economic challenges, and are committed to investing in growing our business and expanding our strong market share position. As you read in the press release, the fourth quarter included multiple unusual items, all of which are offsetting in net income and earnings per share. We had the sale of brands in Latin America and the savings from a non-recurring tax project. While our tax rate each year benefits from global tax strategies, this initiative capitalize on a highly unique set of events and circumstances related to the combination of both Venezuela being considered hyperinflationary effective January 1, 2010, and the subsequent devaluation on January 8, 2010. By re-organizing the U.S. tax status as CP Venezuela, we were able to capitalize on these unique events and realized a one-time non-recurring tax benefit. These projects have allowed for a one-time charge resulting from termination benefits related to ongoing overhead reduction initiatives. This charge will allow for savings to be generated in 2011 and beyond, which will be used to reinvest behind our business. Excluding these items, operating profit was down 5% mostly due to the Venezuelan devaluation, and we've added a new Table 9, which reconciles our tax rate to 32.5%. And while our fourth quarter volume was below our longer-term targets, namely as a result of a sluggish growth in the developed world, our expectation is that we will return to the mid-single-digit range for 2011. We're pleased with our strong innovation stream plan for the year. And although the year has just begun, we're encouraged by the results so far. The decline in gross margin of 40 basis points in the fourth quarter was due almost exclusively to the continued increase in commodity costs that we and others in the industry began to face in the second half of 2010. Going forward, we expect to be able to offset those cost increases. We have begun to implement price increases, particularly in the emerging markets. In addition, our Funding the Growth program remains very strong and is getting broader. We've talked to you before about SKU rationalization and formula harmonization, among other programs, and we see meaningful opportunities for savings in this area. For 2011, we expect margin to increase sequentially throughout the year. We also expect to achieve savings in our overhead expenses reflected in SG&A. For instance, savings from indirect materials now represent almost half of our total procurement savings, and we see more opportunities here. Areas such as media production, merchandising, outside market and clinical research, just to name a few. In addition, as you read in the press release, in the fourth quarter, we funded some overhead reduction initiatives at Hill's and in Europe with the gain on the sale of non-core brands. And also last year, we implemented the shared services operation in Europe, which has only begun to deliver significant savings. We expect to continue to fund other overhead reduction opportunities as they arise, which should keep us competitive in terms of our cost structure and allow us to reinvest additional savings into the business. Our worldwide implementation of SAP is another area of focus as we move to very important next-generation applications. The latest upgrade in demand planning will allow us to take planning of inventory, production and distribution to the next level, which should result in reduced inventory levels and an improved manufacturing asset utilization and customer service. The ability for supply chain and commercial operations to better synchronize supply and demand will enable us to respond more quickly to cost savings opportunities. Innovation remains key, and our product pipeline is robust. For Colgate Sensitive Pro release, which is in the second era of our worldwide rollout, we have plans to enhance our communications to our consumer, expand the product portfolio and maintain strong advertising support. We are also in the midst of a worldwide relaunch of Colgate Total. New graphics and structure have tested very well, showing potential for increased purchase intent. We are expanding our professional campaigns to scientific publications and have extended our patent protection for the range. Here in the U.S., the early results are very encouraging. With our new product initiatives span all of our categories, with some particularly successful examples in our Hill's Pet Nutrition business, and you'll hear more about these as we go forward. And finally, our leadership team is focused on the quality of our execution on the ground. As you know, for 2011, we plan increased investment levels in advertising as we seek to deliver solid volume growth and market share behind a robust pipeline of new products, as well as our base business. This, coupled with our commitment to increasing gross margin and reducing fixed expenses, positions us well to deliver mid-single-digit profit growth. Our balance sheet and cash flow remained strong, giving us ample ability to fund our dividend payments as well as our share repurchase program. So let's look briefly at some of the success we are having in the divisions. Starting with North America. This part of the world remains highly competitive with continued sluggishness in category growth rates. We're very encouraged, however, by several new entries in toothpaste, as well as other categories. To ensure their success, we've also budgeted a meaningful increase in advertising as well as in-store support for this year. The relaunch of Colgate Total toothpaste, which started shipping in November of last year, has resulted in both increased sales and market share for the franchise. This quarter, we've added Colgate Total gum defense, which will be accompanied by a refreshed version of our "Seeing is Believing" campaign, leveraging our unique FDA-approved claim. In the Home Care category, we're very excited about the launch of our new Palmolive antibacterial dishwashing liquid, the only one that is approved to kill 99.9% of E. coli, Salmonella and Staph on dishes in seconds. Previous products were only approved to fight bacteria on hand, not dishes. This will, as you would expect, be supported by a robust integrated marketing campaign, spanning the general, as well as Hispanic markets. In Canada, our launch of Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief has been extremely successful. It is now the number one selling SKU, and we're getting quality support from our top customers. In addition, it is resulting in an increased professional endorsements. Not surprisingly, our number one competitor has reacted with deep discounting, but as that subsides, they have lost market share. As in other countries around the world, the launch of Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief has expanded the entire sensitivity category. Looking ahead, volume in North America is expected to be up modestly in the first quarter and up mid single-digits for the full year, with organic sales expected to decline modestly in the first quarter and increase low single-digits for the full-year. Operating profit is expected to be down in the first quarter and should be flat for the full year. Turning then to Europe. As you know, the macroeconomic conditions in this region have been very tenuous. Although fragile, there is an improving trend in GDP growth, but the recovery remains uneven between countries. We see stronger growth in France, Italy, the U.K. and especially in Germany, where 2010 GDP is expected to be 3.6%, the highest level since reunification. That is not yet translated into much growth in our categories, but it is perhaps assigned for eventual acceleration. Pleasingly, however, our share performance continues to be strong. The new products referenced in the press release have contributed to the share gains. Market shares are up in toothpaste, manual and battery powered brushes, mouthwash and fabric softener, and stable and liquid hand soaps, bar soaps and liquid cleaner. Our largest European subsidiary, France, is driving toothpaste growth, while the northern countries are driving growth in the battery-powered toothbrush segment. Across the region, Colgate is driving growth in the Oral Care category way ahead of any of its competitors, and the only one growing in every subsegment. Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief is performing well across the region. It has increased our share of the sensitive segment from 9% to 14% and has helped us gain leadership in this segment in Greece. Germany has driven performance in liquid hand soap behind our new authentics line, which is in its early stages of launch, but shows very high incrementality. Authentics leverages the Palmolive equity heritage with great Mediterranean inspired fragrances and ingredients. This is a great example of a new product developed in our category innovation center in Rome, drawing on key insights from local consumer preferences. Looking ahead, volume in Europe is expected to be up modestly in the first quarter and up low to mid-single digits for the full-year. Organic sales are expected to be slightly down in the first quarter and should be up in line with volume for the full-year. Operating profit is expected to be down mid-single digits for the first quarter and should be up high single digits for the full year, up absolutely and as a percent of sales. Latin America. Our business in this region remained strong. Year-to-date, our market shares have increased in toothpaste, toothbrushes, mouthwash, bar soaps and underarm protection and are stable in the dish liquid category. The below average volume trend was due in part to our business in Venezuela and also to a particular situation in Brazil. Fourth quarter volume in Brazil decreased high single-digits versus the difficult comparison against the double-digit increase in 2009, as increased promotional volume was shipped during the fourth quarter of 2009 in preparation for strong market activity in the first quarter of 2010. It's important to note that absent the one-time situation in Brazil, Brazilian business itself is doing very well, with gains in market shares across categories and, importantly, in the premium segments. Our strong toothpaste share was already referenced in the press release. Premium priced Colgate total toothpaste has been a major contributor. In toothbrushes, our high-end Colgate 360 toothbrush has helped increase our leading toothbrush share, up almost two full points on a year-to-date basis. And our premium offering in the bar soap category, Protex, has helped increase share. Protex share in Brazil is at record levels following a hand washing campaign conducted in association with the Ministry of Health. In addition, we've gained professional endorsement from the Brazilian Dermatological Association for Protex. In Mexico, despite heavy promotional spending by competitors, our toothpaste share is still well over 80%. Likewise, despite heavy dealing by competitors in the toothbrush category, we've been able to continue to grow our toothpaste share, up over three points on a year-to-date basis to a record 41.8%, with the most recent share at 43.2%, which gives us volume leadership in that country. In Mexico, shares also increased in mouthwash, bar soaps and shampoos while we maintained our number one positions in dishwashing liquid and fabric softeners. Looking ahead, volume in Latin America is expected to be up slightly in the first quarter and up low single-digit for the full year. Organic sales are expected to grow at mid-single-digit for the first quarter and high single-digit for the full year. Operating profit is expected to decline mid-single-digit for first quarter and should be up double-digit for the full-year, up absolutely and as a percent of sales. Greater Asia/Africa. Business in this region continues to be robust. Our Oral Care market shares are strong. In addition to the good performance in India referenced in the press release, our toothpaste market share in China was up a full point from the year-ago period. Premium brands are driving growth in this vast country. Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief, launched in key cities, already has almost 1.5 a share. Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief is also meeting with good success elsewhere in the region, with particularly strong performance in Taiwan, Hong Kong, Singapore and Turkey. Our regional toothbrush share is up almost half a point, maintaining our market leadership position. In India, our toothpaste share is up a full point on a year-to-date basis to over 39%. In Turkey, our toothbrush share grew five full points to 24.3% with the latest read at 26.1%. And we continue to grow our mouthwash business as well, with gains in virtually every country where it is sold. Notably in Malaysia, our share was up 550 basis points to 17%, a record share, with the most recent period at 19.2%. And in the key cities of China, our mouthwash share climbed almost six full points to 30.8% with the most recent read at 32%. In the shower gel category, new products under the Palmolive equity helps grow share in markets such as Russia and Turkey with the year-to-date shares at 27.5% and 39.8% respectively. So looking ahead, volume in Greater Asia/Africa is expected to grow double-digit for the first quarter and full year with similar organic sales growth rate. Operating profit is expected to grow double-digit for the first quarter, down modestly as a percent of sales. For the full year, operating profit is expected to grow double-digit, up absolutely and as a percent of sales. And Hill's. The Hill's business is beginning to show signs of improvement. As we have said, our plan was to correct pricing and sizing in the market, and then back that with stepped up innovation, and that is indeed happening. Towards the end of the year, we saw not only unit consumption increase year-over-year, but as we exited 2010, we also saw volume increases. New products, such as Science Diet Healthy Mobility and our Small and Toy Breed initiatives, represented almost 4% of the business in the fourth quarter versus less than 1% a year ago. And this new product phase will continue. In the first quarter of 2011, we launched Science Diet Weight Loss System in the U.S. Initial shipments exceeded our estimates by over 30%. A full integrated marketing campaign is being rolled out in the first quarter, including social media and PR using Alison Sweeney, host of the TV program, The Biggest Loser, as a spokesperson. In Europe, last year's launch of Science Plan VetEssentials has resulted an increased market share and an increase of two points in brand recommended most often to 27%, the first increase in three years. Building on our European success, we launched a similar veterinary exclusive product here in the U.S. in the first quarter, Science Diet Healthy Advantage. The reception at veterinary congresses across the country has been exceptional. Our messaging of best preventive vet nutrition has been well understood. So looking ahead, volume at Hill's is expected to be up modestly in the first quarter and low to mid-single-digit for the full-year. Organic sales should be flat in the first quarter and up mid-single-digit for the full-year. Operating profit is expected to decline modestly in the first quarter but should be up modestly for the full year. So in summary, we are looking forward to a strong year of investment and volume growth and continued accelerations in our market shares worldwide. Our leadership team is committed to winning on the ground, with superior execution behind an ever-increasing flow of innovative new products. We have a full pipeline of new products spanning all price points to enable us to succeed in developed and emerging markets alike. And we look forward to sharing our results as we go through the year. So now, Katie, I would like to turn it over to the Q&A session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Tim Conder with Wells Fargo.
Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Could you give us where your R&D spend as a percent of sales was for 2010? And then, maybe your thoughts and plans going forward with R&D plans as a percent of sales and how that feeds in the new product pipeline?
Ian Cook: We haven't, over the years, tended to quote that number, Tim. This year is in line with history. By this year, I mean 2010. And interestingly, 2011, the ratio is modestly up. But I think the more important way to think about it is what is the profile of the innovation that we are producing to put behind our business. Now some of that is internally generated by our R&D organization, and some of that is technology that we scout and acquire externally and bring into the company. Indeed, the Pro-Argin 9 that drives the successful Pro-Relief product was one such where because of our very strong external relationships in the world of academia and also scientific development in oral care, people tend to come to us with technologies that can be new to the category. So you have to look at both. And we are very connected externally to access, not just what we can develop, but what we can bring in from the outside world.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Mark Astrachan from Stifel Nicolaus.
Mark Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Quick clarification and then a question. Brazil numbers, Bina, would they be up year-on-year, excluding the one-time situation that you described? And then, switching to the Hill's business. Given some of the supply chain disruptions by one of your competitors, I'm just curious how much of an impact that was, and frankly, I would have thought maybe the business would have been performing a bit better. So I'm just curious about how you sort of support your belief that we're going to continue to see that business produce at better levels versus what we saw in the first half of 2010?
Ian Cook: The answer to the first is yes. The answer to the second is that as we track the Hill's business, you will remember that our distribution of the Hill's products is restricted in terms of the channels that we make our products available to consumers in, and that is pet shops, that is vet clinics and also the PETCOs and the PetSmarts. So in terms of many of our competitors who have far broader distribution, you don't benefit as much if there is marketplace interruption because our distribution is more limited. So we don't think that has disproportionately affected the flat performance consumption-wise we saw in our U.S. business. What we are pleased about, and when we talked about the journey we were on with the Hill's business, we said we needed to resize and reprice to be competitive. And we completed that in the second half of last year. But we said what would re-establish volume growth in the business would be a strengthening innovation stream. And that, we are indeed seeing, starting with the small pet mobility product we had in the second half of 2010, and more importantly, the weight control and VetEssentials products that we just brought to the United States Hill's business beginning this quarter. And all I would say is the start we have seen this year continues what we began to see towards the end of the fourth quarter and gives us conviction that the growth will come from having the right pricing relationship with our competitors, but more importantly, the right innovation to drive growth.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ali Dibadj with Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Bernstein Research: Wanted to ask about gross margins in particular, and I guess permission in understanding the context of we still think gross margins are going to be up, given what's going on with commodities. And if you think back to, I think with Q4 '08 and commodities were up, at least our numbers are about 600 basis points or so, remember our discussion about most of that was from Hill's, even though at that point, you're able to take double-digit 12% to 15%, say, pricing in that business. Now that the same commodity, the act commodity in particular, are up dramatically, and there I think you might not have the same opportunity to take prices up to offset in Hill's, how should we think about how you're going to deal with that, how you're going to offset it? I guess that's the first part of the question.
Ian Cook: Let me start with the gross profit in the fourth quarter and then try and build my way out into 2011, and put it in the context of how we're thinking about it. Fourth quarter gross margin, as you obviously saw, was down some 40 basis points, modest compared to some others, but nonetheless still down. And obviously, as you have seen and just said, what we see in the commodities market is an acceleration of the pricing pressure that began in the third quarter. So the fourth quarter was even stiffer. And if we work our way through the gross margins, fourth quarter 2009 gross margin was 59.5, material prices were a headwind of about 260 basis points to gross profit in the fourth quarter. And we offset a substantial portion of that with Funding the Growth savings of about 240 basis points. And then, there were other mixed divestiture changes and 0.1% on pricing, which gets you to the 40 basis points. So despite our strongest Funding the Growth savings program in the fourth quarter, we weren't completely able to offset gross margin. Now when you look forward to 2011, we had on the last call said that our preliminary indications across the entire company, including Hill's, was that the increase in commodities would be between 4% and 6%. As the fourth quarter evolve, it is clear that, that increase will be more order of magnitude between 8% and 10%. We have a very robust Funding the Growth savings program lined up for 2010. I will come back to pricing in a moment. But that, in combination with pricing, has us confident that we can increase the gross margin of the company between 30 and 50 basis points. But as we also have said before, Ali, our focus is not just on savings in the area of materials that go into product. Our focus is also on savings in the so-called indirect areas, as Bina mentioned, and we have a very sharp focus on that for 2011. As Bina also mentioned, part of the one-time that we benefited from in the fourth quarter, we used to continue to execute our overhead reduction initiatives, particularly in North America with Hill's and in our European operations, thereby, giving us overhead benefit, which can also help us in terms of delivering investment funding and the bottom line. In terms of pricing, the kind of pricing that we are thinking of in the context of what our competitors have been saying is obviously the pricing will be appropriate. It will be consistent with what we see happening in the marketplace. We have already begun to price against transaction and commodity effects in the emerging markets. But the kind of price shift that we expect in 2011 is going to be more in the 1% to 2% range rather than what we saw at the time of the subprime, and we see that in harmony with what happens in the marketplace. And as we think about our gross margin expansion on the year, our view is that the first quarter will be at about the same level as this quarter, and then we will see sequential improvement across the balance of the year. So it's pricing, but lesser pricing in line with the marketplace. It's a continued sharp focus on funding the growth. And it's building out our initiatives in indirects and overheads, which we began in the fourth quarter.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Bill Chapell with SunTrust.
William Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets: It's actually just more of housekeeping items. On the share repurchase, it looks like you did about $160 million worth in 2010, is that right? And is that kind of what we should be looking at for 2011, or are there other better uses of cash? Are you thinking about stepping that up? And then the other housekeeping is can you give us, you might have already done this, an effective tax rate for 2011? And I'm assuming there is nothing else in Venezuela coming.
Ian Cook: Okay, let me take your questions in the Venezuela, Bill, I guess. The first is that actually, our share buybacks in 2010 were just under $2 billion, and part of that reflects the very strong cash that we have been delivering over the last couple of years, holding this year at basically the same very elevated level we delivered in 2009. And our expectation going forward, as Bina said, is the cash we're delivering gives us a confidence to continue the dividends that we have paid consistently and increased consistently for a long, long time. And also, at this stage, we'd see our share buybacks in the same $1.8 billion to $2 billion range, as we enjoyed in 2010. And then turning to your second point in terms of effective tax rate for 2011, as we were very anxious to make clear, and there is a full reconciliation with the earnings release note, the tax benefits we enjoyed in the fourth quarter related to Venezuela were one-time non recurring. So we do not expect to see them again, obviously, in 2011 and are saying that we expect our tax rate to be between 31.5% and 32.5% in 2011.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Doug Lane from Jefferies & Company.
Douglas Lane - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: You had talked about the commodity cost environment apparently deteriorating since we talked in late October. Can you give us an update on the promotional environment, maybe region by region? Where it stands today versus where you thought it would be on the third quarter release?
Ian Cook: Frankly, it's kind of where we thought it would be. You will remember, despite a lot of chatter in the marketplace, that promotional activity was easing and that competitors were taking pricing, given particularly in the developed world, the slow rate or muted rate of market growth, it was our sense that promotional activity would not lessen, and depending on what part of the world you go to, we do not see, did not see in the fourth quarter any pullback in that rate of activity. Now there has been a lot of commentary about the need to take pricing and pricing action that will be taken in the marketplace. And as I said earlier, it is very much our intention, given the commodity costs that all companies face, that we will clearly be moving our pricing in line with the marketplace, and that will be driven by less price increases and reduction of activity to the extent that we see it in the marketplace. But the fourth quarter, we did not see a material easing of the competitive landscape.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Chris Ferrara with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch: Guys, it looks like, I guess, North America organic sales obviously came in at a little bit light of what you guys have thought it was going to come in a couple of months ago. It seems like it's non Oral Care. I mean, the toothpaste in the scanner data, which isn't everything, I know, but the category is up significantly. You guys are up significantly. A, is it right that it's dish soap that's driving this and other soaps? And B, and how bad is it, and what's the plan to get those numbers improved considering how -- it looks like Oral Care is doing pretty well and it's not the problem in North America?
Ian Cook: You're right. The fact of the matter is that the primary category that we need to focus on in the United states is dish liquid. You have heard many times the introduction of a second brand by the other principal competitor in that category at a lower price point. And we have responded to that in terms of a complete upgrade of our dish liquid line, including resizing, to make ours adequately competitive in the marketplace. And then I think very importantly, with the two new innovations that Bina mentioned just coming to the marketplace, an antibacterial dish liquid approved to make claims that it is the only one to kill germs on dishes, in other words, the hygiene platform. And a hand caring product, which is entirely consistent with the heritage of the Palmolive brand, we see that putting us back on track and recovering our momentum in that business. And it is that business that we need to see recovered momentum in North America, as you say.
Operator: We'll go next to Bill Schmitz with Deutsche Bank.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG: Just looking at some of the category growth rates, especially in Latin America, they seem pretty awful. I mean, is there an explanation for that? I mean, there is some sort of average sign price deflation going on. But people aren't not brushing their teeth and they are certainly not buying toothbrushes. So how will you explain that?
Ian Cook: I don't know what data have you -- we can do it off-line, Bill. But we see category growth rates in Latin America, obviously, with the exception of Venezuela, that are pretty good. Mid-single-digits across most of the geography. We see it across the markets, Mexico, Brazil, Columbia. So we see the category growth rates as pretty robust in Latin America, as I say, mid-single-digits. High single-digits in Asia on a value basis. I'm talking value here. And of course, more usage growth in North America and Europe.
Operator: We'll go next to Henry Capellan of Oppenheimer.
Henry Capellan: I guess two questions I have is, one, you mentioned taking price increases towards that commodity cost inflation, particularly in emerging markets. And I wanted to know what you had expected, what you had baked in terms of category growth for those regions as a result of this higher pricing? And then the second question was if you had an update on the Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief and the timeframe for entering the U.S. market?
Ian Cook: Pricing is not a new phenomenon in the emerging markets. And over the past three years, we have seen pricing in the emerging markets. And the markets have proven resistant in terms of growth. The kinds of levels of pricing that we are talking about, even with the commodity increase that I mentioned to you is substantially less than the pricing taken during the subprime/commodity years, and will be done appropriately, intelligently, in line with marketplace moves that we see. And therefore, we do not see a significant, indeed, any impact of that modest pricing on the growth rates we're seeing in the emerging markets. In terms of Pro-Relief, we continue to be quite pleased with our progress, delivering, approaching a 2% market share in the countries in which we compete with Pro-Relief today, which is about 75% of that category on a world basis, about $1 billion segment. We are seeing our recommendation levels from dental professionals, so important to changing habit in that category building. And in some markets, Brazil would be one, already exceeding that of a long-established marketplace leader. And relative to the United States, we continue to be in discussion with the FDA, and we expect to get approval any time between the next year and three years, depending on what the course of action is there. Now we have a sensitivity offering in the United States as to other competitors. It is not as good technology nor the other competitors as we believe Pro-Relief to be. And in the U.S. marketplace, we're already coming to the market with three new innovations on toothpaste and three new innovations on toothbrush to accelerate our expansion in both those segments. So we're not waiting for Pro-Relief. Even though we believe deeply in the technology, we continue to drive our business in appropriate ways, with appropriate innovation in the U.S. while we continue to build what we believe to be world-leading technology in the area of sensitivity relief around the world. You may remember that when we launched Total in the United States, it was several years after we had built a position internationally, and I guess the silver lining was that the dental professionals in the United States by that time had heard so much about the performance of the product that they were ready to accept us. Hopefully, we can do the same job with Pro-Relief in the United States.
Operator: We'll onto Andrew Sawyer with Goldman Sachs.
Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I was hoping maybe you could flesh out a little more how the growth rates look globally by segment? How did Oral Care look versus Home Care versus Personal Care? And maybe as part of that, it seems, at least in the U.S. data and maybe just build on Chris' question, that most of the defensive spending to date has gone behind Oral Care. Is that something that's true globally? And as we look into 2011, how should we think about your offensive spending and ad spending, and how that's allocated across the different sub businesses?
Ian Cook: Let me address your first point, Andrew, which is the growth rate. Now when you say growth rate, you're talking about our growth rate, I assume. So if we take Oral Care, our growth rate has been around mid-single-digits for Oral Care-- it's high single-digits for the year. Personal Care has been low single-digits and Home Care slightly lower than that. So the leading business for us has been Oral Care, around 7% plus, Personal Care around 3%, and Home Care between 1% and 2%. That's what we've seen. And depending on geographies around the world and depending on the categories, often there is a very U.S. focus to these kinds of comments. The spending internationally has been appropriately behind Oral Care, and we have seen that in our market shares. We have seen our China market share up a point, with the competitor down 10%. We've seen our Brazilian market share up over 70%. We've seen our leadership share in Russia hold. We have seen our share in India continue to rise beyond 50%, all strong leadership shares. We see our share in Mexico at around 83%, the competitor having built to around about 11%. But unlike history, where that 11%, as I have mentioned before, prepped to 13%, seems to be plateauing at around 11%, and we seem to be plateauing at around 83%, which is encouraging. So we have seen good reaction to the money we put behind Oral Care. But internationally, the spending has gone more broadly than Oral Care, and we'll continue to do that in 2011. And in the United States, frankly, until we got the sizing right on dish, until we have the right innovation to put behind the dish liquid business, we kept our powder dry. And that business will receive its appropriate share of support behind what we now believe to be an appropriate action program in 2011. So continued on Oral Care, but broader.
Operator: We'll go back to Lauren Lieberman, Barclays Capital.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: What I was going to ask was if you could just help us first with the impact of Venezuela on Latin America this quarter? So last year, you've given us a sense for just how much of a drag it was on volumes.
Ian Cook: We had tended not to do that, Lauren. But I would say, as the year has evolved, the impact has become lesser. So I wouldn't call it out as a significant factor.
Operator: We'll go next to Connie Maneaty with BMO Capital Markets.
Constance Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I have a follow-up question on Venezuela. You highlighted in your press release about the devaluation that was announced in December, that it reduced your operating profits from the re-measurement. Did you know that devaluation was coming? Because, otherwise, if it was announced on December 30, how could you have a related tax benefit on your books on December 31? Can you just walk us through the timing? What you saw coming? How you planned for it? And then, also what rate will you be using going forward?
Ian Cook: We didn't know it was coming, Connie, or that we did, so we did not know. You have to -- the tax initiative that we -- two separate things, I guess. We had the one-time non-recurring tax program, which frankly, had started long before the fourth quarter but was executed in the fourth quarter. What happened in terms of the re-measurement devaluation, it was offset by tax accrued for repatriated funds, that we thought we would get at the lower rate, and therefore, have a higher tax. So they were basically offsetting. So they are two separate things. As we think about Venezuela going forward, we will, of course, continue to manage the business and report the business at the 4.3 official rate, except our assumption in the budget now is that we will be acquiring raw materials at the 4.3 rate, not the 2.6 rate, and that was already assumed in our budget planning.
Operator: We'll go next to Alec Patterson with RCM.
Alec Patterson - RCM: Just trying to get my hands around the gross margin algorithm outlook. You walked through, you've got funding the growth and raw materials and all this. Raw material component, it sounds like you've got probably like a 400 basis point headwind to manage through this year, if I'm just taking your raw material inflation number and flowing it through your gross margin. So could you talk about that? And then the pricing, it sounds like it's kind of back half weighted. It's definitely emerging market weighted. So here in the first half, I'm just trying to get comfortable around how you are managing to keep gross margin sequentially flat? Funding the Growth must be stepping up dramatically.
Ian Cook: Yes, we are putting a significant focus on Funding the Growth going forward, as I've tried to say earlier. And we have goals for 2011 that are significant and higher than 2010. We expect pricing, as you say, to start to influence the equation in the second quarter, but not the first. And whilst I said we have started taking pricing in the emerging markets now, depending on where the commodity prices take us, again, appropriately and in line with what we see happening from a competitive point of view in the marketplace, you may well see pricing in the developed world as well. Remember, all of these commodity pressures are being felt by everyone. What gives us some encouragement is that if we look sequentially through 2010, and if you track back to the margin roll forward we had talked about over each of the preceding quarters, our Funding the Growth savings stepped up quarter-on-quarter, and indeed, we ended up exiting the year with one of the strongest portfolios we have had for a long time. So we feel good about the breadth of our Funding the Growth, with the pricing on top and in expansion range that is more in that 30 to 50 basis points increase, which is why I talked so about the focus on indirects and our overhead structure, starting with the actions we took this quarter and clearly, looking to do more as the year unfolds.
Operator: We'll go next to John San Marco with Janney Capital Markets.
John San Marco - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: I was just hoping to follow up on Brazil with a couple of more details. Can you tell us how takeaway compared to your shipment volume if you haven't already? And how you think Brazilian retail inventories compared today versus three months ago and a year ago?
Ian Cook: Yes, I think -- and that's exactly the point. Compared to the year ago, the inventories are down because we were building inventory for the market expansion that we were expecting from the competitor that announced. So it was a very conscious decision. We wanted to do what was right by the marketplace and by adjusting our shipments to the consumption, which remain strong. No change in the consumption pace in Brazil. We have seen the inventories come down on that year-on-year comparison and feel good about the way we are stepping into 2011.
Operator: We'll go next to Nik Modi with UBS.
Nik Modi - UBS Investment Bank: Ian, just a quick question on Latin America in terms of the profit growth. It looks like you're looking for a nice size increase on the margins for the year. Can you just give us some perspective, if given the first quarter guidance? Is there something specific going on in the back half of the year in terms of cost saves? Or is this just a function of easier comparisons?
Ian Cook: You're talking gross margin?
Nik Modi - UBS Investment Bank: I'm talking on the profit growth that Bina cited in her remarks.
Ian Cook: Well, the profit growth in terms of returns for the year is basically at this year's level. For the first quarter, on a dollar basis, we see the profits at around last year's level.
Operator: We'll go next to Caroline Levy with CLSA.
Caroline Levy - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: I'm just looking at Latin America in particular, and the Venezuela situation makes things difficult to understand. But if you look historically, you've actually always been able to more than offset any devaluation with pricing. And going forward, do you expect to be able to do that? How should we think about pricing in Latin America versus history?
Ian Cook: We, I think, have demonstrated an ability to take pricing in emerging markets, particularly where transaction costs and, indeed, commodity costs have impacted the cost of goods sold for the company and an ability to take pricing in those emerging markets in order to offset them. We see that continuing to be our strategy in 2011. We see a continued ability to take pricing in Latin America. Now obviously, part of that pricing is related specifically to Venezuela, as I've mentioned earlier, which you're are right, have potentially clouds the situation. But we see ourselves taking pricing more broadly than that. And we see ourselves with the ability to expand, which is to say increase gross margin in Latin America, consistent, if not, slightly ahead the rest of the world.
Operator: We'll take our next question from John Faucher with JPMorgan.
John Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Procter seems to indicate that things have slowed a little bit over the course of the quarter, at least falling off towards the end of the quarter, and I apologize if you've mentioned this already. But did you see any trends through the quarter? And did that vary necessarily by geography, what have you?
Ian Cook: John, I sort of mentioned that in passing, but I guess bears repeating. If you take sort of a 60,000-foot view of the world, what we're seeing on a value basis in terms of category growth rates is the Asian markets continuing to be robust with high single-digit growth, 8% plus. Latin America, high single-digit growth, but slightly lower pace than Asia. And indeed, in Europe and North America, the range of growth is substantially lower than the emerging markets depending on the category and the geography between a 0% and a 1% category growth rate, which is why our share progress in Europe is encouraging. And I must say that was slightly shy of where we had thought the categories would be going into the quarter.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Alice Longley with Buckingham Research.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Just using some of the guidance that, Bina, you gave out. I don't know quite how to read the slide modestly. But it looks like you're expecting organic sales growth in the first quarter to be a little better than in the fourth quarter, like 2% to 3%, is that accurate?
Ian Cook: If we look at the total company, that would indeed be accurate. Remembering that, that is up against a strong first quarter of 2010. But to answer your question, the answer is yes.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jon Andersen with William Blair.
Jon Andersen - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: I was just wondering if you could talk broadly for a minute again about the M&A environment and whether there is any heightened interest or lessened interest when you look at acquisitions?
Ian Cook: I would say there is the same intense interest that we have always had. I think you know the company's philosophy, which is to say, that when we think about growing our business, we think about organically we growing the business. We do not rely or count on acquisition to deliver a growth rate. So everything that we have talked about today in the mid-single-digits, we have talked about today are growing the business that we have today. Now when we think about M&A, we view M&A, without being too trite, as exclusively a strategic endeavor. Something that can strengthen our category position for the long term, not something to increase the pace of a sales line. And then, of course, the other end of that book end is that, and I think you know this by our stance over many years, is that we are very disciplined on the valuation process that we adopt to assess what we are prepared to pay for an acquisition. And whilst over the years we have done many that have strengthened the company, and we have been prepared to pass when we think the valuation is too high. So we remain as open as we have always been to the right strategic acquisition at the right price, but our stance has not changed versus our sales guidance.
Operator: We'll go next to Jason Gere with RBC Capital Markets.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Just wanted to ask you a quick question on Asia Pacific. Continue to be impressed by the strength that you have and your trends in that region. So I'm just wondering if you could kind of look at the next few years out? I mean, do you believe that we could ever, we could see the sustainability kind of in the high single-digit trends? Can you, I guess, put into perspective the level of penetration that's still out there in some of these markets?
Ian Cook: Well, I think, again, without being too trite, I think the answer is a strong yes. We have seen these growth rates over a fairly extended period, even through the worst of the subprime in Asia. You do all of the math about the emerging middle class, you look at the penetration levels in different countries and you look at the usage, which oftentimes is, even if the penetration is low, the usage is only one time a day. So again, without being trite, we are strategically very confident that there is robust growth in those geographies over an extended period of time.
Operator: We'll take our next question from John McMillin with Lord Abbett.
John McMillin - Prudential Equity: Did you say anything about triclosan, if I'm pronouncing it right? I mean, I read the story in Advertising Age, and it did, I just don't know if it's a real fear for Total brand, for the Total?
Ian Cook: Yes, as you well know, John, that ingredient in the United States was approved by the Food and Drug Administration as being safe and effective. It's clinically proven to reduce gingivitis in a toothpaste. And we continue to have full confidence and belief behind that product. Now some of our competitors use that ingredient in other products, like dish liquid. We, from an innovation point of view, found an even better formula with the lactic acid that we are bringing to the marketplace today, which actually kills the germs on the dishes. So after 20 years of use in our segment, all of the inspection the ingredient has gone under, all of the government reviews it has endured, we are confident, as the government seem to be confident, in the safety and efficacy of the product, particularly given the disease condition it controls that other products don't.
Operator: We will take our final question from Ali Dibadj with Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Bernstein Research: I'm having trouble kind on how to ask this question. But what I'm trying to get underneath is how you see, given your experience, the kind of competitive environment going forward? Because we are hearing for sure, and I've been surprised this morning in particular about the upping the ante from a kind of taunting or fighting words perspective about share gains here and there with your major competitor, or heavy dealings and high promotions and deep discounting versus this hope that with commodity prices, we can raise pricing, assuming that the consumer can take it, as well as a little bit of an underlying piece there, which is that, as you mentioned, some of your competitors' share gains are plateauing. So is there going to be more pricing promotions? Is there going to be more aggressiveness and we are kind of leave commodities fall the way they may? How do you guys see this? How do you anticipate this evolution of a competitor environment that frankly, over the past couple of years, has made your sector, this sector, our sector, somewhat uninvestable? So any guidance there would be really helpful.
Ian Cook: I guess, over the years, although, frankly, it has not been fashionable, we had taken the stance that we took the role of the business to be to grow the top line and the bottom line. And as we said coming out of the third quarter, we found ourselves in a position where we felt a need behind a strong innovation stream to up our intensity to recover a pace of growth that we believe we can deliver for the long term. Our philosophical belief is that the right way to do that is by creating value that the consumer is prepared to pay for and to gain trial of those products by innovative marketing techniques and not by price. So to the extent that the economic landscape in the world changes and because of the commodity pressures, pricing starts to move up in our categories, we would welcome that. And we would be clearly amongst the first to take full advantage of that, so we can build businesses by traditional marketing means, at the same time, as we're building top line and bottom line value. So if that's the final question, I thank you all for your participation. We very much look forward to coming back and talking with you at the end of the first quarter and giving you a progress report on the company. So thank you, and thank you to all of the Colgate people around the world.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. We appreciate your participation.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-28 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Ian Cook - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Bina Thompson - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Constance Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Victoria Collin - Atlantic Equities LLP Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital William Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets Alice Longley - Buckingham Research Group, Inc. John Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co Mark Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Joseph Altobello - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Ali Dibadj - Bernstein Research William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets Corporation Douglas Lane - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Inc Jon Andersen - William Blair & Company L.L.C. Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Alec Patterson - RCM Linda Weiser - Caris & Company Nik Modi - UBS Investment Bank Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch John San Marco - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Colgate-Palmolive Company's Third Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, for opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson. Please go ahead.
Bina Thompson: Thanks, Dana. Good morning, everybody. And welcome to our third quarter earnings release conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, Chairman, President and CEO; Steve Patrick, CFO; Dennis Hickey, Corporate Controller; and Elaine Paik, Treasurer. This conference call will include forward-looking statements. And these statements were made on the basis of our views and assumptions as of this time and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual events, or results may differ materially from these statements. For information about certain factors that could cause such differences, investors should consult our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on our website, including the information set forth under the captions, Risk Factors and Cautionary Statements on Forward-looking Statements. We will discuss our results and outlook excluding the one-time charge of $271 million related to the transition to hyperinflationary accounting in Venezuela as of the 1st of January 2010. We'll also discuss organic sales growth, excluding foreign exchange, acquisitions and divestitures. A full reconciliation with the corresponding GAAP measures is included in the press release, and is posted on the Investor Relations page of our website at www.colgate.com. So we'll be glad to answer any questions you may have, including or excluding these items, as you wish. We are pleased that our third quarter, again, exhibited solid performance, reflecting the successful implementation of our financial strategy well known to you all. Our gross margin increased and we reduced our overhead expenses. This provided funds to increase our advertising, both absolutely and as a percent of sales, to grow the top line while at the same time increasing our profitability. And this was particularly pleasing, given the macro economic challenges we faced in the more developed regions of the world, coupled with ongoing competitive activity in all our markets. Importantly, our market shares in many key countries around the world are strong and growing. Often the majority of our categories, including toothpaste, toothbrushes and mouthwash. You'll hear more about specific share performance as we review the regions in more detail. And as you know, relevant innovation is key, and we continue to launch new products across categories across a range of price points to appeal to all consumers. Our global launch of Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief continues to do well. As of the end of this quarter, it is now being sold in markets that represent 75% of the sensitivity market world wide. As well as a strong P&L, our balance sheet is solid. Our strong cash position has amounted to increase our dividend this year, as well as to continue with our share repurchase program, both of which provide a good return to our shareholders. So let's turn to the divisions for more specifics. Starting with North America. Business in this region remains solid. We continue to launch new products across categories and have an exciting pipeline slated for the first quarter of next year. As you know, this quarter, we are in the midst of a relaunch of our Colgate Total toothpaste line. This is being accompanied by strong media and trade support. Relaunched with innovative packaging incorporate's very impactful integrated marketing campaign and in-store activity across all retailers. Our MaxFresh line, which is particularly relevant with the Hispanic consumer, will see increased focus on key Hispanic accounts in the fourth quarter. Our manual toothbrush shares continue to do well, up 150 basis points on a year-to-date basis, to over 30%. The Colgate 360 franchise is doing well, fueled by the ActiFlex line launched earlier this year, and we continue to build trial and repeat for our on-the-go toothbrush with Colgate Wisp. Another encouraging signs of U.S. business is that private label growth appears to be flattening, and we see consumers reverting to branded products. As you know, private label in toothpaste is virtually nonexistent, and we see the trends in other categories improving. We've just launched Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief in Canada. While as early days, results are particularly encouraging. In three weeks, we've achieved 80% distribution, a process which would normally take closer to three months. Acceptance on this part of the trade and the profession has been excellent and we started to see replenishment orders. So looking ahead in North America, volume growth is expected to be solid in the fourth quarter amid single-digit, and should be up mid-single-digit for the full year as well. Organic sales are expected to be up low-single digits for the fourth quarter and full year. Operating profit is expected to decline modestly for the fourth quarter, but should be up mid-single digits for the full year up both absolutely and as a percent of sales. Turning then to Europe. The macroeconomic situation in Europe continues to be challenging. As you know, recently U.K. are implementing austerity measures, and the general climate in these key [ph] countries is very depressed. As we told you last quarter, private label continued to make inroads in the Home Care categories and growth in all our categories is sluggish. But despite this, our market shares are up in the important categories of toothpaste, toothbrushes and mouthwash. And this has been due to the consistent introduction of innovative new products, many of which are premium-priced. Our launch of Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief in this region continues to drive incremental share. In fact, our overall toothpaste market share is up 70 basis points on a year-to-date basis, with our sensitivity product at a 1.2% share. In Greece, our overall share is in a record 47% on a year-to-date basis, up almost four full points within those recent share at 48.9%. And Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief leads the sensitivity segment with almost eight points of share. In the U.K., Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief is at 2.6% year-to-date with the most recent share at 3.4%. And we've narrowed the gap with our leading competitor from almost 13 points to about 10.5%. In the countries where GABA is strong, we've launch the sensitivity product under the Elmex name, which uses the same breakthrough Pro-Argin technology. While only in markets since August, we've gained distributions very quickly and trade and professional reception is strong. Our manual toothbrush share was up 70 basis points on a year-to-date basis to 19.9%, with the most recent read at 20%. In the U.K. our share increased three full percentage points behind launches such as the premium-priced 360 ActiFlex. And in Italy both the Colgate and GABA brands drove our share almost 0.5 a point. And in Germany, we gained share behind both the premium and mid-tier segments. In mouthwash, our share was up a full point with increases from both the Colgate and GABA brands. Germany launched a new mouthwash under our very successful Meridol name targeted particularly for those suffering from bad breath. Our market share there is up 60 basis points on a year-to-date basis to 21.7%, with the most recent read at 23.6%. As a result of the successful recent launch. So looking ahead, volume in Europe is expected to be up modestly for the fourth quarter and full-year with organic sales down modestly for the same period. Operating profit is expected to decline double digits for the fourth quarter and should be essentially flat for the full year on a dollar basis, but increasing as a percent of sales. Latin America. Business across Latin America remains solid with good market share performance. Our regional market shares are up in toothpaste, toothbrushes, mouthwash, bar soaps and deodorants, and we are maintaining our leadership position in the fabric conditioners and dish washing liquids. In the toothpaste category, our shares are up in virtually every country. Our excellent toothpaste share performance in Brazil was referenced in the press release. Both Colgate Total and our Colgate Sensitive business are performing well in that market, where Colgate Total is up over two points on a year-to-date basis. The launch of Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief has met with success, and helped drive our professional recommendations for sensitivity toothpaste to a leadership position. In Mexico, despite heightened competitive activity, our toothpaste share is still well over 80%, and has increased sequentially for the last three periods while our main competitor has lost share. Colgate Total in Mexico is at a record of 17.6%. With the launch of Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief, we've establish the number one position in sensitivity in drugstores. Our regional toothbrush share is up almost a full point year-over-year. In Mexico, despite aggressive competitive promotions, our share is up over two points to over 41%, a new record. And in Brazil as well, heightened competitive activity has not affected our share, which is at a leading 30% of the market in the most recent period, and up almost 0.5 point on a year-to-date basis. Our Mouthwash business is very strong as well, up almost a full point on a year-to-date basis, with firmly established number one position in Brazil and Argentina. While we are the number two in the region overall, our excellent performance has narrowed the gap with the number one competitor from almost 30 points in 2007 to 15 points year-to-date in 2010. Both the Palmolive and Protex brands have helped lift our number one regional bar soap position in almost a full point year-to-date. In addition to new products, implementation of a hand-washing campaign modeled after our Bright Smiles, Bright Futures Oral Care program has contributed to our success in this category. Continuing innovation in the underarm category is critical, and a number of new products have driven our regional share, up by half a point. Men's Speed Stick Extreme, Waterproof and StainGuard and Lady Speed Stick Waterproof Professional Protection and Depil. So looking ahead, volume in Latin America is expected to be up slightly in the fourth quarter with full-year growth in the low- to mid-single digits. Organic sales are projected to be at mid-single digit for the fourth quarter and high-single digit for the full year. Operating profit is expected to decline in the fourth quarter after a very strong increase in the year-ago quarter, which should be up as a percent of sales. And for the full year, operating profit is expected to decline modestly on a dollar basis and as a percent of sales. Turning then to Greater Asia Africa. The strong momentum continues across the region, testament to the growth offered by many of these markets. Most of the countries economies are quite buoyant and categories are showing continued good growth. Our regional toothpaste share was up 70 basis points to almost 40%. In China, our share is now at 32.5%, up 80 basis points year-over-year. We've launched Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief in key cities where it is now has a full point of share. We referenced our strong share performance in India in the press release, now solidly over 50% at 51.1% of the market. In Russia, we're maintaining our leadership position of almost 33%. And in Singapore, one of our lead markets for the launch of the Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief, little over a year ago, we continue to see benefits from that new product with overall shares at almost 69%. Across the region, we enjoyed the number one position in toothbrushes. Our year-to-date share is up 40 basis points to 36.2%. India increased toothbrush shares 180 basis points to almost 40%, as we relaunched our popular Zig Zag toothbrushes in the Value segment. And in Russia, super premium new products drove our market share of 230 basis points to 51.7%. In Turkey, Colgate 360 contributed to a 510-basis-point increase to almost 24% of that market. In the mouthwash category, we increased our share in every subsidiary. In China, we have a fair share with the most recent period at 33.4%. Ongoing new product launches supported by media and effective in-store activity have driven our success across the region. So looking ahead, volume in Greater Asia/Africa is expected to grow up double digits for the fourth quarter and full year, with organic sales increasing double digits for both periods as well. Operating profit is expected to grow high single digits for the fourth quarter, and double digits for the full year, up absolutely and as a percent of sales. So turning then to Hill's. Our business at Hill's is slowly improving. Although volume was modestly down for the full quarter worldwide, volume in Europe was positive, and we saw volume increasing in the U.S. at the end of the quarter, indications that our right pricing and rightsizing initiatives are working. Another encouraging data point is that unit consumption of the large-format retailers here in the U.S. was up for the most recent one-, four-, 13-, and 26-week period, and volume was up on a one- and four-week basis, boding well for the business going forward. We told you last quarter about the launch of Science Diet Healthy Mobility here in the U.S. This product is doing very well, enjoying new consumers to the Hill's brand. Shipments are above forecast and customer feedback has been very positive. Media support and in-store activity has helped to drive these results. We also told you about the launch in Europe of Science Plan VetEssentials. Our products sold only to the veterinarian. This has been very well-received and has driven our overall market share. As a result of this launch, our vet recommendations have increased as well. Our launch of Toy Breed Science Diet in Japan has done well, and our 3.6% share is ahead of all other brands in this segment. A recently announced innovation here in the U.S. is the Hill's Prescription Diet Therapeutic Weight Reduction program, available only to veterinary clinics for obese, or obese-prone dogs. Think of it as the Jenny Craig for dogs, with premeasured food and biscuit packs. Pet owners are also provided with ongoing support in the form of therapeutic weight reduction guide providing instructions and tips. Support is also available online. So looking ahead, volume with Hill's is expected to be even with last year for the fourth quarter and modestly down for the full year. Organic sales are expected to decline modestly in the fourth quarter, down low single-digit for the full year. Operating profit is expected to be flat to the fourth quarter but up as a percent of sales, and full-year operating profit should be up modestly, both absolutely and as a percent of sales. So in summary, we're pleased with our results. We have a proven strategy that has worked over the years to deliver profitable volume growth and increasing market shares. As noted in the press release, while we're still in our global budgeting process for 2011, we are planning to continue to strengthen our volume and market share next year, driven by many new and existing Colgate products supported by increased advertising. Colgate people around the world are working hard to help them deliver these solid results, and we look forward to sharing our further progress with you as we go forward. So now, Dana, I would like to turn it over to the Q&A session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Ali Dibadj with Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Bernstein Research: I just wondered, your perspective, it's kind of a good four, five months ago that we've talked about extra investments by competitors. And at that time, you were hopeful that these conversions won't actually happen. And in fact, you believed that you could defend if they did and maintain double-digit EPS growth forever, for at least for next year. Now that's no longer the case, we're both just would get underneath that a little bit it if you would, kind of what specifically has changed? Do you have confidence now that you can really grow your EPS even mid-single digits given what you see out there from a competitive perspective and defend, or even a consumer perspective and defend? How long have you budgeted for, and/or how long do you think these investment bets from your competitors will last? What products, or countries, specifically? Just, really trying to get underneath that dynamic, if you could, please.
Ian Cook: Okay, Ali, a broad question indeed. If you look at it sequentially for us, I think in the second quarter of this year, we saw and we've been talking about the heightened promotional activity and the fact that we had responded to it and that we were going to continue assuming that would be the new normal for the back half of this year. And despite that, we reaffirm the notion of double digit earnings per share growth for 2010. Yes, in terms of the longer-term, our objective is a sustainable double-digit earnings per share growth, but fairly constantly across the third quarter. And you and I had this discussion as well, the position we took was that, as we began our 2011 budgeting process for the year 2011, we would weigh what we were seeing around the world and what we were planning to do with our own businesses and make the right determination by the business. And as we had guided for 2010 in the third quarter of last year, we thought it was appropriate to give out preliminary thinking while our budget process is not finished. And that is that, with the competitive environment we see, with the initiatives that we have to build on what we still view as a strong business, we have the opportunity to strengthen and accelerate the top line growth in 2011 with our innovation stream, supported by increased trial-generating advertising and that's the way we're thinking about 2011. So that's the way we're approaching it, Ali.
Ali Dibadj - Bernstein Research: Can you just give us more of a sense of where exactly it's happening in terms of competitive increases?
Ian Cook: Well, we haven't finished our budgeting process, but we will be focusing on continuing to build our market shares in brands and geographies important to us. But I wouldn't be more specific than that at this stage.
Ali Dibadj - Bernstein Research: How about temporarily, how long do you think something like this last?
Ian Cook: We are talking about the 2011 budget.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Wendy Nicholson with Citi Investment Research.
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Inc: My question has to do kind of just with the longer-term outlook. I know you guys have been, just historically, one of the most consistent double-digit, low-teens earnings growth companies out there, but as you think about kind of the competitive environment and how you look at something like Latin America where the volume growth, even X-Venezuela, just doesn't seem to be quite as good as it used to be, is there is a chance that there needs to be a change in your long-term sort of growth algorithm, so that maybe we're looking at, maybe a little permanently high-single digit earnings growth as opposed to reverting back to double-digit in sort of 2012 and beyond?
Ian Cook: Yes, I guess, Wendy, we don't take that view. I think as we have revisited our strategic planning process, which leads into our budget process for 2011 and without any conceit, I think we feel that the strategic initiatives we have are sound and can continue to guide the company going forward. We feel the category choices we have made are sound in terms of the inherent growth rates over time and profitability over time in those categories. We think our geographic diversity positions us well over the medium term. What we are seeing, I think, in 2010 is heightened activity from some competitors who are perhaps recovering from a slower-than-traditional performance, and we are meeting that in 2010, and we have initiatives of our own in 2011 that we want to drive hard. And I'm sure in response to question, we will come back and talk about market shares around the world, the market shares are good. So we think we're making an investment of choice in order to accelerate the top line, in order to continue to build our brands and market share, and we're viewing this as we go into it as a 2011 focus. And we will revisit in the context of our strategic plan in 2012 budget those out years. But we do not believe that there is a structural change going on here.
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Inc: And just as a follow up to that, as you think about, I know it's early in the budgeting process, but as you think about 2011, with all the new products you're launching, does it sound like the pressure on margins is going to come by primarily from step-up advertising? Or do you anticipate more promotions and price-off, which would then pressure your growth margin?
Ian Cook: We are focusing always on trying to build our brands. We have said before that when we think about marketing and building trial and awareness, we prefer to use what you might call traditional advertising. That said, we have been building in-store shopper marketing activity, which comes in the gross-to-net calculation but particularly in those parts of the world that are responsive to that from a consumer point of view and that would be more of the developed world. So as we plan going forward, it will be a mixed tier between commercial activity at retail as part of our unintentional strategy, and it will be, what you might call the more traditional advertising and promotion, the media and the sampling below the line.
Operator: And we'll go next to Joe Altobello with Oppenheimer.
Joseph Altobello - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: First question is about the "normal" you've referenced earlier. I mean it sounds like you're talking about 2011, specifically. But you guys have not really starved your brands. I mean your advertising spending, I guess year-to-date is close to 11% and that's sort of the average for the last five years. And you've put up pretty good volume growth during most of that period. I mean as we look beyond 2011, is there a chance that now companies in this space have to spend beyond 10%, 11% on advertising to really drive that mid-single-digit volume growth?
Ian Cook: I guess the way I would answer, Joe, first of all, my comments on the new normal to a certain extent was related to 2010. And we were simply saying on the last call that we weren't changing our view on the back half of the year based on remarks made by some, that maybe their pricing activity would be easing. My sense is, and our strong view is, we want to take the choiceful opportunity in 2011 to accelerate our top line and further strengthen our brands. And in order to do that, we are prepared to and want to increase our advertising, and with the backdrop of the competitive activity we're seeing. If you're projecting forward, what one could foresee happening is that maybe, the pricing intensity will lessen overtime, and advertising in that 11-plus area is a quite healthy level of advertising.
Operator: And we'll go next to Bill Chappell with SunTrust.
William Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets: Just as it looked to next year's guidance, I wanted to kind of understand if any impact comes from higher commodity costs and specifically thinking of the Hill's business, is corn and soy are spiking while you're looking to kind of lower or rightsized prices. Can you give us some color on the commodity outlook as well?
Ian Cook: Yes. Again, that's early in our process, Bill, but let me take this opportunity to do what we traditionally do and give you the role forward on our gross profit for the third quarter of this year, because it allows me to step in to the point for next year. If you looked at third quarter last year, our gross profit, it was 59.2. We have a headwind of material prices of 1.8, and we have Funding the Growth savings at Funding the Growth program of around 2, which gets you to the 20 basis points and the increased gross margin. Now if you move forward to 2011, and I stress, early days in our process as well as we are looking at it across all of our businesses including Hill's, we're seeing a range of headwind that could be in the 3.5% to 6% zone. And we are very, very focused on our Funding the Growth savings for 2011 as an ability to handle those commodity prices, and that we think at this stage, we can do.
Operator: And we'll go next to Doug Lane with Jefferies & Company.
Douglas Lane - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Can you just talk broadly about the M&A environment and any interest, heightened or lessen these days in looking at acquisitions?
Ian Cook: Well, I don't think I'll go as broad as the environment. Let me just talk about our philosophy and thinking on that topic. We view M&A, obviously, as a strategic activity. When we talk about the growth of our company, we don't say for any planning period, that the growth is going to be driven by a bolt-on acquisition. We rather talk about our philosophy. And our philosophy is we want to buy, to strategically strengthen priority categories for us. So categories of interest, would be Oral Care, Pet Nutrition and Personal Care. You're unlikely to see us with a buyer in the Home Care space. And I guess the bookend to that thinking is we are very disciplined in our financial calculations for an acquisition, and we strive, as they say, not to pay too much. And that has seen us in the past, you may recall when Pfizer sold their OTC business, not fit to buy all of that business just to get Listerine because we thought that would've been imprudent. And if I pointed to GABA and Tom's of Maine, our two most recent acquisitions, they are both outpacing the acquisition plan that we justified to our board to make the acquisition. So the headline would be, we remain interested in the right strategic acquisition, at the right price but we are not reliant on it in our planning for the sustainable growth of the company.
Operator: And we'll go next to Bill Schmitz with Deutsche Bank.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG: Can you just talk about the category growth rates? And do you think it's macro, or do you think it's self-fulfilling? So do you think it's driven by some of this pricing and promotional activity, or do you think it's more macro-driven? And then the other questions, sort of part and parcel of that, is there a time in history when both Glaxo and you and P&G have been so aggressive with both innovation and spending?
Ian Cook: Well let's talk about the categories. As we said on the last call, we continue to see now what we saw then, and that is that the emerging markets around the world are growing high-single digits on a value basis. And the categories in the developed world are growing low-single digits, with the U.S. ahead of Europe. As to whether or not that's macros or self-fulfilling, it's a bit chicken and egg, there is no question in low-growth environment, some deflationary pressure, partly consumer, partly retail and partly competitive. But that's the spread around the world, and that's what we are looking at going forward, we believe. When you come to the competitive pace of activity, Glaxo has always been a healthy competitor in the Oral Care space, maybe more headline attention now, given our activity on Sensitive Pro-Relief, but there has always been intensity from them. And in the case of Procter & Gamble, it is limited to the markets that we talked about every time we're on the call. And in fact, why don't I use that maybe as sort of a jumping off point to talk about some of those markets and give you the headline market shares around the world. If I start with the bricks, you know our share in Brazil approaching 71% and that up against the second and third multinational competitors, one at about 3% share and the other at about 14%. Russia as Bina said, we continue to hold a strong leadership position, twice the level of our nearest competitor who is declining on a year-to-date basis. India, our share is up as Bina said. China, our market share is up, and the nearest multinational competitor is down a point. And Mexico, the market share is running around 83%, with the nearest multinational competitor around 11%, 11.5%, and the more near end trends favorable to us. And I could show you that on toothbrushes around all of those markets where we continue to make favorable progress. So I would say GlaxoSmithKline situation as before, and Procter & Gamble, the new markets that we have talked about before, and the kind of results I've just taken you through.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG: Is Mexico getting better share wise? I think that was one of the few places, I think, at least my data shows that -- losing share. It sounds like more recently, it's gotten better?
Ian Cook: The Nielsen Scan data shows that it's getting better. And remember, Bill, we have seen these things before. And I've often said, our 85%, 86% can drift down to 81%, 82% and their 8% to 9% can drift up to 13%, 14%. And then there is a cycle to these events, pleasingly, the near-end market share show the share on their side weakening as our share strengthens. Obviously, we will continue to be attentive to what we're doing in the market. I was actually just down there in the past several weeks, then I was in Russia and India and feel quite comfortable with the programs they have in place.
Operator: And we'll go next to Jason Gere with RBC Capital Markets.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: I guess I want to talk a little bit about the gross margins. I know that at the height of the restructuring, 75 to 125 basis points. If I just heard your commentary correct, you're saying some of the commodity pressures will be offset by the funding of growth. So I guess the question is two-fold. One, can you just talk, maybe about the role of pricing next year, which has also been obviously an important driver of organic sales in the past couple of years. And then two, can you put into the context of maybe some bigger cost-saving initiatives? Is there anything underway? I'm not talking about our 2004, but is there something more acceleration in the cost-saving front that will help you still drive the gross margins and get towards that 65% long-term goal?
Ian Cook: Yes. When we were working our way through the restructuring process, you'll remember we took up our more historical gross margin annual expansion range from 50 to 100 basis points, to 75 to 125 basis points. And if you go back to history when commodity prices are -- we have tended to say that we will be at the low-end of that 50 to 100-basis-points range, and when commodity prices are with you, we would tend to be at the higher-end of that range in a world without restructuring. So as we think gross margin going forward, that's how I think we should think about it for 2011. Pricing, again, if you take out the extraordinary years of 2008 and 2009, the contribution of price on a global basis has tended to be in the 0.5% to 1.5% range. And again, while early days, I think as we think about 2011, we should think about it in those terms. And to your final point, always we are considering opportunities we have, linked as we are by SAP around the world now, to regionalize or globalize our process, organization, structure, and sourcing. We talked on the last call about the opening of the European business service center in Warsaw and how we're running the back office with 27 operations through that hub, bringing savings benefit and better quality, more efficient reporting. And to the extent we can identify more of those, and we are aggressively pursuing them in that overhead area, we will be most certainly executing them, working them through the P&L as we can for 2011, no question. And some of the initiatives that we have underway, obviously contributed to the 20 basis points gain that we got in reduced overhead in this quarter. So you're right, Jason, a strong area, we're focused on top of our more traditional gross margin-oriented initiatives.
Operator: And we'll go next to Mark Astrachan with Stifel Nicolaus.
Mark Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: One follow-up and then one other question, just on the gross margin, can you give us a sense of what you're anticipating for oil prices for next year, compared to, I think the $85 number that you used for this year?
Ian Cook: We're in the $80 to $85 range.
Mark Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And then just in terms of consumer spending level in the U.S. and Europe in particular, can you give us a sense of what you're seeing there in terms of what the spending is looking like? And then relatedly, are you seeing any benefits from this push towards more trade spending in terms of volume? Or just other sort things that you can give us to say, "Hey, this is actually starting to really work for us."
Ian Cook: Let's talk about the consumer. I think true around the world but particularly true in the developed world, the consumer is looking for value. And as we have said before, value is not priced, necessarily. And therefore, I think our and other people's job as marketers is to continue to create an innovation stream but while offering innovation at all price points has the ability to have consumers pay a higher price and want to pay a higher price, and believe they get the right value from a superior product. And that's, for example -- is exactly the strategy that is playing out with Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief, a clinically proven benefit of instant and long-lasting relief, a super premium-priced and the consumer thinks that price is worth paying for the benefit that they are getting. As we see the consumer behavior translated into purchasing, we tend to see them staying with the same brand. So if they were buying our Colgate Total, which is a premium-priced product, they continue to buy Colgate Total. And being a talked about some of the shares in Mexico, for example, strengthening even though it is a premium business. What we are seeing more of, is the consumer changing the way she is shopping. And we are seeing the discount club and mass merchandise retailers are getting more of the consumer's business and then also, interestingly in the U.S, the drug or the small mom-and-pop stores getting the business, usually the larger stores at the beginning of the payday cycle, and the smaller stores at the end of the payday cycle. So that's kind of the consumer's behavior. Stays with brands, private label going down, as Bina said in the U.S., particularly on Personal Care and Oral Care categories, but buys in different places and is seeking value. So that's the shape of the consumer.
Operator: And we'll go next to Lauren Lieberman with Barclays Capital.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: First, just as the follow up on when you went to the moving pieces for gross margin, you called out raw materials and funding the growth. What were the numbers for pricing, promotion, mix, et cetera, in terms of -- your more other components?
Ian Cook: Pricing was no contribution to margin this quarter.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: And then same follow-up is, you've mentioned that you expected for next year, there's to be a raw material cost headwind of 3.5% to 6%. Is that basis of 350 to 600 basis points to gross margins? Or is that you're. . .
Ian Cook: That's a year-on-year percentage increase in our raw material purchases.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: And that is purely on raw materials. Because when you talked about gross margins and then moving pieces in the past, my understanding is that currency plays into that raw material piece. So this is excluding any offset from benefits of currency?
Ian Cook: Yes. Our current thinking, Lauren, is it's not going to be such an effect next year. We're thinking that in fact, is going to be similar to what it was this year. So you can take the 3.5% to 6% as basically, the percentage increase on this year, dollar cost for buying all of our raw and packing materials.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: And then the other thing was when you talked through market growth and saying that emerging markets are growing high-single digits, developed low-single. You said that was value, right? It wasn't -- So if I just put those two together, that would suggest aggregate category growth for where you compete should maybe in the 4% to 5% range, but your organic this quarter was 3%? So can you may be talk a little bit where shares aren't so positive?
Ian Cook: Nearer 3% to 4% in terms of the category growth. Nearer 3% to 4%. And that's all categories everywhere around the world, right? So that's all categories.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: And is that consistent with what you -- where you thought categories were in the second quarter?
Ian Cook: Yes.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: Latin America, last quarter you've helped us out by giving a sense of how much Venezuela contributed to pricing and detracted from volume in the quarter. Could you do the same this quarter?
Ian Cook: Well let me just say, Lauren, I read your note. You are right. If you look at the third quarter, volume without Venezuela, it is sequentially modestly down for Latin America compared to the second quarter, which is what you were deducing, I guess. The comment I would make though is, that sequentially Mexico and Brazil, second to third, are up. And the impact in Latin America specific to this quarter was the impact of the timing of promotional activity, specifically in Columbia.
Operator: And we'll go next to John San Marco with Janney Montgomery.
John San Marco - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: What is your preliminary 2011 plan assumed for trade spend? And then as a follow-up on that because I'm not sure I'm clear on this, if you've addressed it, but particularly in the context of your positive commentary you made around private label competition, do you view today's heightened level and the heightened level from the last couple of quarters as a structural shift in the amount of trade spend it takes to support your products? Or is it reasonable to assume there'll be some positive normalization?
Ian Cook: It's difficult to answer that question with precision, John. But as I said earlier, if we talk trade spending in two parts now. One is strict price promotion, the other maybe sharper marketing activity at retail which includes merchandising and display activity. My bet is that over time, we will see the price promotion ease. Now when to call that, is a difficult thing to do, and as we said on the second quarter call, we haven't assumed that for the balance of this year. But the other part of trade spending, which is related to sharper marketing initiatives based on the marketing strategy and an insight to drive brand engagement at the retail level, is actually in our view a good strategic investment with a good ROI not just in terms of the impact on category and brand volume and share at retail level but also in terms of building the equity, particularly in those more challenged North American and European environments. So its completing the job of brand engagement at retail level and not all of it is price related.
John San Marco - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: So the price promotion piece, which you broadly view as trade expenditures, you said you weren't assuming any abatement for the rest of 2010. What about in 2011? Do you think it will be negative at the margin, positive at the margin or just sort of more of the same?
Ian Cook: Frankly, John, haven't completed the process. That really is one where all of them listening to the general chatter at 60,000 feet, we prefer to go through it country by country and understand the data of what exactly is going on in Thailand versus Equitable versus Denmark. So I'll take a pass on that and we will most surely answer it once we have been through budget process on the next call.
Operator: And we'll go next to Victoria Collin with Atlantic Equities.
Victoria Collin - Atlantic Equities LLP: I wonder if I could ask a quick question on share buybacks for 2011. Should we be looking at these, I know it may be too early, but should we be looking at these to be at a similar level to the $1.8 billion, $1.9 billion that you guided for full year '10, although we see it step back a little bit more in line with sort of the historic $1 billion rate that you were buying shares?
Ian Cook: I would say, Victoria, and again, we're talking preliminary here, and we're talking in a world where all other things are unchanged, which is to say, we don't just spy an acquisition that seems realizable, that our preliminary thinking would be, that 2011 would be around the same level as 2010.
Operator: And we'll go next to Alec Patterson with RCM Investments.
Alec Patterson - RCM: First of all, I was hoping that you can just go over quickly, the toothpaste market share is in the third quarter in the U.S., could you speak to what they were year-over-year? And then I was just wanting to get a better handle on your productivity initiatives, both overhead management and the Funding the Growth for next year? You talked about Funding the Growth, for example, offsetting the commodity cost outlook, which if I took your numbers and put them into your gross margin, you're implying roughly about 200 or 300 basis points of commodity costs pressure next year. So you're expecting roughly that same amount on Funding the Growth as an offset?
Ian Cook: Well if you look at this on that point, Alec, if you look at this quarter, we got 210 basis points of gross margin on our Funding the Growth.
Alec Patterson - RCM: So the answer is yes?
Ian Cook: I guess, yes.
Alec Patterson - RCM: And then the market share question?
Ian Cook: Yes. I actually had it by month, it's not broken down by quarter because, well, just because I don't. If you look at all outlet shares in the U.S., we're about neck and neck with our leading competitor in the mid-30 area. If you track per month, the latest period is consistent with that at about exactly the same level as the year-to-date. The prior month was slightly lower by a point or two based on the introductory activity behind their whitening product, the 3D Whitening product, which indeed got off to a very good start. And of course, as Bina mentioned on the call, we are now at work in terms of that relaunch with Colgate Total, with our innovation activity coming back in the fourth quarter. So year-to-date, about evens. And if I take the months of the third quarter because I don't have the entire month, July and September at about the same level, August, slightly lower.
Alec Patterson - RCM: Are you saying the market shares are flat year-over-year in all past few months?
Ian Cook: No. Our market share is modestly down year on year, largely related to the incursion effects. So our market share, in total, is about a point down.
Operator: And we'll go next to Chris Ferrara with Bank of America.
Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch: Can you give me one quick clarification on the raw materials thing, I know you said 3.5% to 6% increase in dollar cost of what you're buying. So how do I think about that relative to your sales are going to increase, too. So in other words, even if your sales are up 3.5% to 6%, and you're raw materials bought that 3.5% to 6% percent that would mean -- and if percentage of sales basis, those aren't going up, or is that 3.5% to 6% in inflation number on top of just the notable volume increase you'll see?
Ian Cook: We do it in constant volume.
Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch: And then just one other clarification I guess, if your pricing is going to be plus in that range of plus 0.5, to plus 1.5 in 2011 you've seen historically, I guess despite the fact that you're probably going to grow next year's earnings at about half the rate that you've normally grow on part of that is going to be increased levels of promotion, I guess where else might pricing be coming through? And does it get back to that commodities inflation?
Ian Cook: In terms of our focus, the focus for us would be on A&P. So to the extent that we can hold our pricing, and remember, we haven't been through the process yet in that 0.5 to 1.5 range, terrific. If we don't believe we can in terms of the plan, then that won't be the contribution from price. But our orientation is to try and put as much of our investment spending on A&P to drive the trial of the new product flow that we have.
Operator: And we'll go next to Andrew Sawyer with Goldman Sachs.
Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I would like to get a little color on, like Oral Care versus Personal and Home Care, because we see in the U.S. data we've seen Oral Care hold up reasonably well, but things like Palmolive and some of the Deodorant businesses have been more pressured. Is that something that we're seeing globally? And I thought you gave some context around your 3% organic sales growth. What was Oral Care substantially more than that and how has those relative trends behaved?
Ian Cook: Let me try and give you some global data on that. We can talk anything we want, Andrew. Let me get third quarter and maybe let's talk organic growth for the year in the quarter?.
Ian Cook: What you see in terms of the organic growth is Oral Care, strong mid-single digits; Personal Care, mid-single digits; and Home Care, low single-digit. So that's the profile, it's been for quite a while because obviously, we put more of our effort behind the Personal Care categories as you know from our strategy. So our Oral Care business as you say, and these are global numbers by the way, this is not talking U.S. now, so that has been pretty consistent, pretty consistent around the world, market by market. If you focus in on the U.S. the one competitive spot beyond Oral Care in the U.S. business has been the set up activity in this liquid. And you know what that has been, the introduction of a new brand to compete in that space. Our market share is down about a point. And we have responded with sizing and pricing actions that are underway, and we have three new strong pieces of innovation coming early in 2011, only one of which I will talk about, which is a dish liquid that provides a germ-killing benefit, actually on the plates themselves for superior hygiene which we think is a strong idea. Retail reaction has been good, and we will be driving that business aggressively as we get into the new year. Otherwise, the U.S. profile is pretty much like the rest of the world.
Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Just A quick one on the dish side, when you say sizing, I know you guys have done a concentration this year, are you reversing that back out because it didn't work?
Ian Cook: No, the concentration will stay. The sizing will change.
Operator: And we'll go next to Nik Modi with UBS.
Nik Modi - UBS Investment Bank: Just a couple of questions in categories where you've seen some of your bigger competitors kind of come in with increased intensity, what have you seen to the actual category growth rate? And maybe you can just give Brazil as an example if you have the numbers in front of you. And then the second question is most of your penetration in Oral Care is primarily in brush and toothpaste, so I guess there's also a lot of whitespace for Colgate to attack. Any thoughts about kind of getting to the areas of Oral Care?
Ian Cook: Frankly, Nik, the growth numbers in the category are still in those high-single digits. I mean you're either shifting people between brands with pace of bringing new people into a category or increasing their per capita consumption, tends to have uneven notes to it. So you may get period-to-period shift but on an annualized basis, the growth rates are still in the zone that I've mentioned to you. In terms of segments that we are not in, where we can drive performance and growth, you know of course, that if you go around the world and look at the segments in Oral Care, toothpaste is by far and away, the single biggest segment, followed by toothbrushes and then third would be mouth rinse. And of course, you know from some of Bina's remarks and comments that we have made before, that we have, for the last several years, had a very strong focus and still do have a very strong focus on driving both that category, which is in many countries, growing double-digit consistently, and of course, building our market share at the same time. And mouth rinse shares both growth and the gross margin characteristics that we so like in Oral Care. So I guess the third territory that we would stick out is the international mouthwash market.
Operator: And we'll go next to Connie Maneaty with BMO Capital Markets.
Constance Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: What is your all-outlet market share in the U.S. in toothpaste including Wal-Mart, Dollars stores?
Ian Cook: All outlet is between 35 and 36, Connie.
Operator: And we'll go next to Linda Bolton Weiser with Caris.
Linda Weiser - Caris & Company: I was just curious on the topic of M&A, would you have considered Alberto Culver putting aside valuation and not considering evaluation, but just as strategy, would that have been something that would have fit in to Alberto Culver with haircare and skincare?
Ian Cook: We did not consider Alberto Culver, Linda.
Linda Weiser - Caris & Company: Can you explain why it wouldn't have fit?
Ian Cook: I'm not sure it helps to go there. It's a Personal Care category that doesn't fit within our strategic frame.
Operator: And we'll go next to John Faucher with JP Morgan.
John Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co: So taking a look at the Latin American business, and you've talked about sort of the volumes being sort of flattish. And I guess the question is, you've talked over the past couple of years as we've had this raw material and FX volatility about the playbook related to pricing, and here's what you do and you get this type of volatility. And I guess looking at the results over the past couple of quarters, is there any change to the playbook? Is there something that played out differently than you would have anticipated as we've seen the volumes go sort of closer to flattish? And then I guess the other question that goes along with that would be, maybe one of the reasons why you had the strategy you've had is because you guys gave earnings guidance on a dollar basis as opposed to sort of an FX-neutral basis. And have you given any thought given some of the volatility to maybe changing how you end up guiding?
Ian Cook: To the second question, we debate options often. We have elected thus far, not to change the way we guide. We are a diverse global company, and therefore, we guide the way we guide in terms of the dollar performance as it actually is. In terms of Latin America relative to the playbook, now I would say our thinking relative to the playbook has not changed. The principal weight on Latin America this year has been Venezuela playing out.
Operator: And we'll go next to Jon Andersen with William Blair.
Jon Andersen - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Could you just provide a quick update on the resizing and repricing of the health business and have the new sizes kind of made it to retail shelf ? And it sounds like we should expect volume to be flat in the fourth quarter, but should we get back to more of a historical trend in the mid-single digits as we move into 2011?
Ian Cook: Yes. The short answer is, yes. The sizing and pricing is in place. As Bina said, we have seen volume, reported volume, dollar-weighted volume increase in Europe. And in the U.S., we have for the past six months seen units increase and for the last couple of reporting periods, seen that convert into volume growth. So we believe the mechanical fix that needed to be made is both made and is effective at retail. As we said on the last call, and to your point, modest nearly flat volume this quarter, expectation for flat next and a return to volume growth in 2011. And as we have said on previous calls, that has a lot to do with the innovation stream that we are now bringing to bear on Hill's. Bina mentioned some of them, and there are several others that have not yet been announced publicly, and therefore I will refrain. But the move now is having fixed the base. We're now moving to a stepped up innovation flow supported by trial building, marketing activity, and we are hopeful of turning back to good, sustainable volume growth in 2011.
Operator: And we'll take our final question today from Alice Longley with Buckingham Research.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: I'm trying to get at the price mix question there or the price question the other people have asked. You're saying you're determined to get your volume accelerating in 2011. Do you also feel determined, have your organic sales growth accelerated into 2011?
Ian Cook: Yes, Alice. Absolutely. Part of our intention here is setting ourselves the target of returning to the pace of organic growth that we have seen in the not-too-distant past. Yes.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Which was what?
Ian Cook: Which was a strong mid-single digits.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: So you're determined to get back to 4% to 7%, something like that?
Ian Cook: That's a good spread, Alice.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Do you think you can do that in 2011?
Ian Cook: Well that's what our preliminary budget planning is taking us to. We will work through the budget process and put the plans together necessary to do that. So that's our intention, yes.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: And then my other question is on mix, which I know you put into volume.
Ian Cook: It's all the way to volume, yes.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Is mix -- can you talk about what's happening with mix? And is it continuing to be positive in Oral Care through this difficult times? And then the second part of that question is, if it is positive in Oral Care, is it a positive, neutral or negative for you overall, considering what might be happening in Home Care?
Ian Cook: That's a very broad question. I guess, my only way of answering it would be to say that we continue to see in Oral Care the premium price and margin accretive variants lead the growth of that business, which would be a way of saying, yes, that's certainly our portfolio mix would be favorable. Beyond that, I really don't have the data on the top of my head to answer.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Within Home Care, are you seeing a downward shift in mix?
Ian Cook: Mix is less of an issue in home care, because the portfolio tends to be more of homogenous from a margin point of view. Okay. Well, thanks, very much guys. Thanks to all the Colgate people around the world who make it happen and talk to you in the new year.
Operator: That does conclude today's presentation. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Ian Cook - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Bina Thompson - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Alice Beebe Longley Edward Kelly - Crdit Suisse AG Constance Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital William Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets Mark Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. John Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co Ali Dibadj - Bernstein Research Joseph Altobello - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Michael Kwon William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets Corporation Douglas Lane - Jefferies & Company, Inc. John McMillin - Prudential Equity Jon Andersen - William Blair & Company L.L.C. Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Linda Weiser - Caris & Company Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good day, and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company Second Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time for opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Bina Thompson: Thank you, David and good morning, everybody. And welcome to our second quarter 2010 earnings release conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, Chairman, President and CEO; Steve Patrick, CFO; Dennis Hickey, Corporate Controller; and Elaine Paik, Treasurer. This conference call will include forward-looking statements. These statements were made on the basis of our views and assumptions as of this time and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual events or results may differ materially from these statements. For information about certain factors that could cause such differences, investors should consult our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on our website, including the information set forth under the captions, Risk Factors and Cautionary Statements on Forward-looking Statements. And we'll discuss our results and outlook, excluding the one-time charge of $271 million related to the transition to hyper-inflationary accounting in Venezuela as of January 1, 2010. We'll also discuss organic sales growth, excluding foreign exchange, acquisitions and divestitures. A full reconciliation with the corresponding GAAP measures is included in the press release, and it's posted on the Investor Relations page of our website at www.colgate.com. We'll be glad to answer any questions you may have including or excluding these items, as you wish. We are pleased that we continue to deliver solid results despite slowly growing economies in many parts of the world of foreign exchange headwinds and continuing challenges in Venezuela. These factors obviously affected our top line growth with organic sales up 3.5%. Pleasingly, we are still seeing stronger growth in developing markets. Our gross profit margin was flat year-over-year and was significantly affected by Venezuela, which provided a drag on the total company margin of 90 basis points. A portion of this is the result of pricing actions being less than originally anticipated. Additionally, gross profit was burdened with higher cost inventory longer than originally projected. Know at the end of last year, we had purchased inventory at parallel market rates, which translated into a higher U.S. dollar costs. And under hyper-inflationary accounting, this inventory is carried at historical cost. So due to slower consumptions, it took longer than previously anticipated to sell-through this higher cost inventory. Going forward, inventory values are now at lower U.S. dollar replacement cost and coupled with more favorable pricing, gross profit margins started to improve at the end of the second quarter and are expected to be higher for the balance of the year. The company, as a whole, gross profit margins in the third and fourth quarter are expected to be up around 50 basis points year-over-year. As you read in the press release, advertising was up modestly in the second quarter. And you'll hear in a moment how that has helped increase market shares in countries around the world. You know that our shopper marketing initiatives are an integral part of our marketing communications strategy worldwide. This includes effective in-store merchandising and promotional activity in instances where many purchase decisions are made at the shelf. Accordingly, in developed markets, our commercial investments skews more heavily to this type of trade promotions, and therefore, it's reflective in negative pricing rather than advertising reported in the P&L. World-wide overhead was down as a percent of sales, reflecting our relentless focus on generating savings on every line of the P&L. Our cash generation was good, and our balance sheet remains strong, with both receivable and inventory days trending down. So a solid quarter in the face of world-wide challenges that we and all our competitors are facing. Let's turn to the division. North America. We're pleased with our 5% volume growth in North America, particularly in what has continued to be a highly competitive marketplace. We've launched a number of new products throughout the year and supported them with very effective in-store activity as part of our overall integrated marketing campaign. Our excellent toothbrush share was referenced in the press release. As you know, our Colgate 360 Toothbrush has been a success in each of its markets around the world. Since launching the first brush here in the U.S., we've added 360 Sensitive, 360 Deep Clean, and this year, 360 ActiFlex, all of which have added incremental share and have nearly doubled the share for the franchise in 2006. It's now over 10.5%. Also our Wisp Toothbrush continues to perform well. Wisp Plus Whitening was launched in March of this year, and the buzz and PR for the Wisp franchise continues with over 15 million impressions in the second quarter, including articles in Fitness and InStyle magazines and mentions on The View and numerous blogs. College sampling also has driven awareness along with brand ambassadors on campuses and a Facebook fan drive. As a result, trial and repeat levels continue to climb. We often told you about our ability as a global oral care leader to share best practices and ideas around the world. In the Greater Asia division, we launched an integrated marketing campaign for Colgate Total toothpaste called, Seeing is Believing, in the fourth quarter of 2009, which has contributed to an increase of the share for Colgate Total in many countries. We will be using the same integrated marketing campaign here in the U.S., reaching all touch points starting this quarter. The key communication points are: one, as you finish brushing with ordinary fluoride toothpaste, bacteria starts to grow back in the mouth right away; two, bacteria is the cause of most common oral health problems; and three, unlike ordinary fluoride toothpaste, Colgate Total helps fight bacteria for 12 hours and provides 12-hour protection against bacteria buildup. We use the striking illustration of the before and after germ scan, where more plaque bacteria are shown to have grown back 12 hours after using regular toothpaste, and much less so after brushing with Colgate Total. This demo is memorable and easily understood. So this should be an important part of our Colgate Total commercial investment scheduled for the second half of this year. In Personal Care, the categories that is growing well is shower gels. We've launched a number of new variants throughout the year. And one that has been particularly successful is Nutri-Serums. Building on this success this quarter, we're introducing Nutri-Serums illuminating with Mineral Extracts with a concentrated dose of skin softening emollients with stand-out gold beads. General beauty products is very popular in the higher end beauty stores, and this brings them to the mass market at a more affordable price. So looking ahead, volume in North America is expected to increase mid-single digits for the third quarter and full year, with organic sales increasing low-single digit for both periods. Operating profit is expected to be up modestly for the third quarter and full year, both on an absolute basis and a percent of sales. Turning then to Europe. As we all know, the macroeconomic situation across Europe is quite difficult. A number of countries are beginning to implement austerity measures in the face of large deficits. So in this context, we're pleased with the quarter's results. We're till seeing modest overall category growth in Oral and Personal Care. And encouragingly, as we continue to launch relevant and value added new products, our market share is strong. Our market shares are up on a year-to-date basis: toothpastes, toothbrushes, mouthwash, liquid hand soap, bar soaps, cleaners and fabric softeners. We continue to see good results in the launch of Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief. This breakthrough innovation is rolling out across most of Europe in 2010, supported with a strong and innovative integrated marketing campaign. Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief has already been launched in the U.K. and Ireland, Greece, Sweden, Poland, Romania, Iberia, Denmark and Norway and most recently, Italy. End market results are outstanding, ranging from a 2% share of the market in the U.K. to almost 4.5% in Greece. In the U.K., Colgate has doubled its share of market within the Sensitive segment while trial and repeat rates for Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief are ahead of any toothpaste launched within the Sensitive segment, reiterating the strong potential of this product. In Greece, Colgate has achieved leadership in the Sensitive segment. Further innovations under the Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief platform will be launching in 2010 to further enhance the strong momentum of this product. In Personal Care, Europe's major 2010 innovation is the launch of Palmolive Nutra-Fruit, a line of three shower gel variants enriched with moisturizing cream and pleasurable fruity fragrances, selected from top fragrance houses in a breakthrough swirly formula. This critical strategic initiative is helping establish Palmolive in a premium Beauty Care/Shower Gel segment. End market results are already significantly above initial stimulated test market protection for the Nordic countries, thanks to a powerful and integrated marketing campaign, So Pleasurable, It's Addictive. Nutra-Fruit's value share reached 4% in Sweden, 4.5% in Norway and almost 6% in Denmark in the latest period. Nutra-Fruit variants already ranked among the best sellers of the category, one of the most successful launches since the Palmolive Aromatherapy launch in 2001. And importantly, Nutra-Fruit's share has, so far, been highly incremental to the overall Palmolive franchise, 60% on average. Other European countries, Nutra-Fruit was also very encouraging. Value shares are already nearly in line with year-end targets, reaching 1.6% in Greece, 2.5% in Romania, 2% in Poland and the Baltic states and almost 1% in France. April saw the launch of Colgate-Palmolive's first cross-category care platform, Natura Verde, a performance that carries through your home and beyond. The Natura Verde platform has been applied under our three core home care brands of: Ajax, for cleaners, Palmolive, for hand dish; and Soupline, for fabric softeners. Natura Verde is a true innovation in the home care category designed to meet the needs of consumers looking for products with ingredients of natural origin and environmental reassurance without having to compromise the efficacy, and it represents another step in our commitment to offer an environmentally responsible product. The Natura Verde range was launched with a fully integrated market campaign in France, Greece and the Netherlands, and in May, in Belgium and Switzerland. Despite the recentness of the launch, initial results are promising. While this division is still building this early stage, May retail audit data shows we are tracking well versus objectives. In our main market, France, after less than two months in store, we've already achieved a 2% share in the latest period, which is 50% of our year-one share objective. TV support started in June, with more activities planned for July and August. Launch plans are in progress for other European markets. So looking ahead, volume in Europe is expected to grow low to mid-single digits for the third quarter and full year, with organic sales growth projected to be in the low-single digits. Operating profit is expected to decline low-single digits for the third quarter, but to be up as a percent of sales. operating profit for the full year is expected to be up modestly, both absolutely and as a percent of sales. Turning then to Latin America. We are pleased with a continued good share progress across the region. Of course, Venezuela has been a volatile and challenging environment. And as referenced in the press release, current macroeconomic conditions have resulted in a revised forecast for the full year impact on the overall P&L. Volume declines in Venezuela affected the division volume growth by that 400 basis points. But across the rest of the region, business is encouraging. Our toothpaste shares have increased in all but two countries. In Mexico, where we have been faced with new competitive entries, our year-to-date share is still well above 80%, consistent with prior experience. Brazil, we reached a record level of almost 71% in the most recent period, with particularly good performance from premium products. Colgate Total share is now over 18%, and our share of the Sensitive segment is over 3%. And despite the difficult macroeconomic conditions in Venezuela, our toothpaste shares set a record, almost 94% of the market on a year-to-date basis. In the toothbrush category, we've also performed well in the face of ongoing strong competitive activity. In Brazil, our market share climbed to 29.5% in the most recent period, within less than a point of the market leader. Excellent merchandising and effective in-store activities have been critical to this success. In Mexico, our year-to-date toothbrush share is at 41%, up 30 basis points from the year-ago period, and the most recent period is at 42.8%. As you know, another focus for us in Oral Care is mouthwash, where we have met with continued success in markets around the world. Across Latin America, our share is up two full points year-to-date, narrowing the gap between the leading competitor from 29.3 points in 2007 to just 15.7 points. We achieved leadership positions in Brazil and Argentina. And in Mexico, we achieved a record share in the most recent period of almost 18%, which positions us as number two in the market, while the leader competitor continues to lose share. Bar soap. We've maintained our number one position across the region and are market leader in eight of 12 countries. Protex is now the number one brand followed by Palmolive. New product introductions as well as the implementation of a hand-washing campaign have contributed to this success. So looking ahead, volume in Latin America is expected to be up low to mid-single digits for the third quarter and full year. Organic sales are expected to grow high-single digit for the third quarter and full year. Operating profit is expected to decline modestly for the third quarter and full year. Turning then to Greater Asia/Africa. We're very pleased with the continued strong business momentum in this region, excellent volume and profit drove the company by market share increases in toothpastes, toothbrushes, mouthwash and shower liquids. As in other regions of the world, we continue to roll out Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief with encouraging results. You may recall that Singapore, along with the U.K., was our lead market for launch in September of last year. On a year-to-date basis, Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief has almost three full share points and has been completely incremental to our share of the Sensitive segment, which has grown from 4.5% to over 9%, while the leading competitor has lost almost three points a share. In fact, Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief has been almost entirely incremental in every market across the region. And in key cities in China, we've established a leadership position in the Sensitive segment. Toothbrushes. We're maintaining our number one position at 36.5%, up 60 basis points from the year-ago period. The launch of a range of new products across price tiers has increased our share of Indian market by 320 basis points to 40.3%. Premium price offerings, such as Colgate Max White and 360 ActiFlex has helped grow our leadership share in Russia from 49.7% to almost 52%. Continued focus on mouthwash has helped our business as well. From just over a three share in 2007, we've now climbed to 15.4% with increases in every country. Russia, our share is over 23%, having just introduced mouthwash this year. Colgate Plax Complete Care has been an important driver for the business, along with the launch of Colgate Plax Ice and Colgate Plax Whitening in select countries. Gaining credibility and endorsement from this profession has been an important element of our roll-out plan. Colgate Plax is the brand recommended most often by 26% of dentists, up from 12% three years ago and way ahead of the nearest competitor at 4%. And we've told you often about our consumer innovation centers, strategically located in important markets throughout the world, so as to better understand local habits and preferences in developing new products. Success in the shower liquid category in Russia is an example of unique and relevant innovation, based on specific local trends and context. The Sensorial segment, we launched Palmolive Thermal Spa Steam Banya. A banya is a place where the Russian consumer goes to get purified and rejuvenated. This new product offers daily banya at home. As a result, our market share is up over a full point year-over-year to 28.2%, with the most recent share at 28.9%. So looking ahead, volume in Greater Asia/Africa is expected to grow double digit for the third quarter and full year with organic sales growth at similar levels. Operating profit is expected to grow double digits for the third quarter and full year, up both absolutely and as a percent of sales. And finally, Health. Decline in volume for the quarter, which was greater than expected, was due primarily to two factors: the roll out of Hill's comprehensive resizing and repricing initiatives and delayed shipments to Russia. Delays in finalizing customs agent and distributor contracts upon transition to a subsidiary structure precluded shipments to Russia in the quarter. This contributed to a 1.5% drag on Hill's volume for the second quarter. Shipments to Russia have resumed in July. As we indicated in the press release, implementation of Hill's comprehensive resizing and repricing initiative also impacted volumes during the quarter. Dry package sizes were reduced in key markets globally during the first six months. Adverse impact upon initial shipment of smaller sizes is expected to be offset by a shortened consumer purchase cycle over time. Considering implementation timing and an average consumer-purchase cycle generally in the 50- to 60-day range, this transition was not completed by the end of the quarter. Encouragingly in the most recently reported period, unit consumption in the United States was up nicely compared to the prior year. So looking forward, we expect unit consumption to be increasing sequentially for the balance of the year, while volume, as a result of the downsizing, is expected to be flat for next quarter and full year. But we're encouraged by the prospects for Hill. We have a number of new product launches, both here in the U.S. and abroad. Science Diet Healthy Mobility was launched in May and initial customer feedback and sell-out pace has been positive and a strong promotion and media campaign is planned for this quarter and next. Across Europe, we've launched Science Plan Vet Essentials and distribution continues to expand. In Germany, this was launched in conjunction with the season of prevention campaign. The season of prevention program started in Italy, and we've expanded it from there. Similar to Oral Health month, we work in partnership with the Vet Association, and we offer free checkups and education for the wellness of pet to the pet owners. As we repeat the program every year, the numbers increase accordingly. In Germany, we registered 2,100 vets in the program who did 15,500 health checks with pet owners. The online portion of the campaign had 52,000 unique website visitors, while 22,000 pet owners registered online. In both in the U.S. and Japan, our Small and Toy Breed products are also a good start and a comprehensive support plan, which includes print, online and word-of-mouth campaign is in place. So looking forward, as we said, volume at Hill's is expected to be essentially flat to the third quarter and full year with organic sales down modestly for the same period. Operating profit is expected to increase modestly to the third quarter and full year, up absolutely and as a percent of sales. So in summary, we are pleased, to again, deliver profitable growth in the face of numerous macro economic challenges around the world. Our market shares are healthy, as a result of our continued support behind our leading brands. Our pipeline of new products is strong. And Colgate people around the world remain tightly focused on our clear strategies and priorities. So we look forward to sharing our results with you as we go through the balance of the year. And now, David, I'd like to turn it over to Q&A. But before I turn it back to you, I would just like to say that we've got a lot of new analysts now. There are a lot of you out there. I'm sure you have plenty of questions. [Operator Instructions] So David, let's go ahead.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Bill Chappell with SunTrust.
William Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets: I guess, just on the trade promotion spend and the competitor environment, how should we look at this quarter compared to earlier in the year and how you see the rest of the year playing out? I mean, has it gotten better? Has it stabilized? Or is this, kind of, the new normal in terms of competitive stand that you're just going to have to keep matching the competitors for the next two, three, four quarters?
Ian Cook: I think, Bill, to sort of put that in a broader context, and then I will come back and answer the direct question. I think the trends in our, shall we say, consumer engagement spending or commercial investment have been clear for some time. We have said that as part of our communications strategy, particularly in the developed world where we are seeing slower growth, a lot of consumer engagement is happening at the store level. So we have always been quite strategically conscious of having shopper marketing programs at retail, which of course comes out of trade spending, and is not measured in the traditional A&P. And as we have seen our A&P progress, the traditional media spending has been led by the emerging markets where the consumer engagement is more that, direct-to-consumer advertising. If you talk about trade promotional activity on top of that, we have, I think, said before that there was that activity in the marketplace, that it seemed to be quite focused on household product categories. Those that have a very direct volume impact. And I must say that we have seen an uptick in promotional activity in the second quarter across a broader array of categories. We have responded to that with the in-store shopper marketing programs that I have mentioned. And as we look out to the balance of the year, we have used the second quarter as a guide for our developed market activity in this regard. So if we look at our A&P spending going forward, we're going to see A&P up, both absolutely and as a percent of sales, but within that, we're going to see more of the at-retail activity in the developed world, while the emerging market will see strong traditional media investment. So going forward, there will indeed be more of that focus in the developed world.
Operator: We'll go next to Doug Lane with Jefferies.
Douglas Lane - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Can you break down the total company outlook for your top line growth this year between volumes, pricing and organic sales growth? And secondly in your gross margin commentary, it sounds like you're still looking for expansion, but maybe not getting fully to the 60% for the full year, so I read that as, kind of, a tick down in your gross margin outlook. Is that due solely to the second quarter? Or is there a change in the lay of the land that might impact gross margins in the back half?
Ian Cook: If I start with the gross margin, obviously, as we try to identify, a significant drag in the second quarter was Venezuela. As Bina explained in her prepared remarks, that drag lessens over the balance of the year. And we see ourselves with our traditional funding of the growth programs, increase our gross margin. And we will be around that 60% level by the end of the year, which is what we had said on the last call. So holding to the, around 60% by the end of the year, not for the year average. In terms of the growth of the company, again responding to what we have seen in the second quarter, where in the developed world, we have seen a slowdown in our categories by about a point or so, perhaps in harmony with the economic landscape. And our sense for the balance of the year is that we will still be within our 4% to 7% volume range, but towards the lower end of that range.
Operator: Our next question is Chris Ferrara with Bank of America.
Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch: Just wanted to ask about -- so SG&A x advertising and your other expense line, together they look like they got about 100 basis points better. I guess, in light of the fact that sales had decelerated. What's driving that better leverage this quarter?
Ian Cook: I think Chris, simply said, it is our unremitting focus on finding cost savings. And largely, those cost savings are in our overhead area. So we are simply, as part of our strategy, being more efficient in how we invest in the overhead area.
Operator: Our next question is Joe Altobello with Oppenheimer.
Joseph Altobello - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Just a quick question on the market slowdown, Ian, you just cited. Is that new for 2Q? And is that mostly Europe? Or are you also seeing that slowdown exacerbate in North America as well?
Ian Cook: It is a change in the second quarter, and it is across Europe and the United States as well. And it's about a percentage point in both cases. The emerging markets continue to be quite strong, high single, low-double digits, which of course, is encouraging, given the global breadth of our business.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ali Dibadj with Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Bernstein Research: You did mention how much Venezuela hurt on volumes in Latin America, but you didn't mentioned how much it helped on price? So if you guys clarify that, that would be great. And the other real question is, as it sounds like more and more investment is needed to be -- [indiscernible] of the market, whether it be shipping from advertising to above the line or what have you, first to defend competition and defend the, I guess, slow down in the consumer, I'm trying to understand how much more you're going to need to invest, particularly as it sounds like it's spreading? And I guess I asked that on the context of, kind of, your level of certainty on making our double-digit EPS growth for this year and going forward, which you've, sort of, publicly said you would do?
Ian Cook: I can answer the first question quickly, and that is we don't break that out, so you can see the effects of Latin America, in terms of our price as we show the division and the rest of the world. And given the environment we have just talked about, our expectation going forward is that we would see pricing modestly negative for most of our geographies with the exception of Latin America, going forward. Now when you turn to the consumer and what is required to engage and entice the consumer, both from a marketplace point of view and a competitive point of view, there is more at play than simply advertising. Of course, we feel that we have a very strong innovation flow for the back half of the year starting in this quarter, and part of engaging in consumers is having a strong flow of products. Then you come to the engagement. And as I said earlier, in terms of engagement in the developed world, in a slower economic environment, we are seeing increasingly consumers making decisions at the point of purchase. And therefore, your best way of engaging is to do it at the retail level, and our plans for the balance of the year, consistent with our strategy, assume that. And with that shift in the developed markets, our total advertising increases on an absolute basis and on a percentage to sales basis, driven more by the emerging markets where the traditional media engagement still applies. Now all of that said, and we feel quite comfortable with that decision, obviously we have absorbed the additional impact to Venezuela and the headwinds we faced from a currency point of view, keeping our advertising at levels we believe are competitive. Indeed, as a traditional share invoice analysis, we do show that our spend levels are quite healthy year-to-date, and our market shares are quite strong. All of that said, absorbing those pressures and maintaining what we believe to be the right focus on advertising for the balance of the year, we have indeed reaffirmed the double digit, but in that environment, it's a double digit closer to the 10%.
Operator: Next question is Ed Kelly with Crdit Suisse.
Edward Kelly - Crdit Suisse AG: Ian, could you provide more color on the issue with the resizing and repricing of the Hill's business? And I'm specifically interested in the strategy behind it. And then, why it took a bit longer to rollout?
Ian Cook: Yes, I guess there's a couple of things to say, again, in the broader context with Hill's. The repricing and resizing is an important part of a corrective strategy when we knew we had gone one price increase too far. So as Bina said, for the balance of this year, new product activity supported by commercial investment to the consumer. And some of these larger promotional events, like the German one that Bina mentioned, are very important parts of our Hill's business recovery and growth. Now when you turn to the specific pricing and sizing, the pricing we were able to effect at the shelf quite efficiently. The sizing, unfortunately, has taken us longer. And the objective of doing both was to return our relative pricing compared to other premium products in the channels in which we distribute to historical levels, i.e., before the price increase we took that was one price increase too far. And as I said while the pricing was reasonably easy to execute, the sizing took us longer to get to the retail shelf than we would have wanted. And then to the point Bina made with a two-month purchase cycle, the rebuying of bags ends up being pushed out of the quarter. And as Bina also said, at the end of the quarter, we have seen quite a nice run-up in terms of the unit purchases. But simply said, if the consumer was buying nine bags a year before, she's now going to have to buy 10 bags. So your pick up from a volume point of view is somewhat delayed. And it was that slowness in getting it to the retail shelf against our original projections and the interval approaches that has pushed the recovery back a little bit to the flat scenario that Bina mentioned earlier. So that was really the crux of the matter.
Operator: Your next question is Bill Schmitz with Deutsche Bank.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG: The gross margin bridge -- I don't want to waste my question on that one, but if you're feeling charitable, that would be great. And then the other question is, I know when Procter bought to what normal BU [ph] this Project Achilles [ph] to really drive your toothbrush share. Is there a similar sort of holistic global plan to try to address the receptive spending pretty much globally in toothpaste now? And if you can add any details on it, that would be great also.
Ian Cook: Well, let me be charitable. So the margin bridge runs as follows: prior year, obviously 58.8%, pricing picked up 20 basis points, funding the gross savings of 1.6, basically offset material prices of 1.7 and that saw us back at the 58.8%. And as we said, Venezuela was basically 90 basis points of that from a transaction of view. Turning back to the Project Achilles [ph], we don't have any Greek-coded plans in a holistic context. But we do have a global strategy and specific set of programs that we deploy when faced with competitive activities in specific markets. We have deployed them before and I think they are understood and well tested and as Bina said, Brazil continues to perform very well, we believe, from a share point of view. And in Mexico, we are still north of 82 share points as the competitors cyclically has back up to 12, 13, which is exactly the kind of curves we have seen historically with the activity. So suffice to say, we do have specific global plans that we deploy to each market condition in our Oral Care category and part of it is when that category comes under attack. But part of it is us picking markets in which we want to grow our share or we want to establish a category expansion position as with mouthwash. And China share is growing. India share is growing. Brazil share is growing. And in Russia, we're holding a strong 34 leadership position and bringing toothbrushes and mouthwash along behind it. So it's a combination of a global plan deployed by country in response to competitive activity and then it's selective plans by market to grow our businesses by segment, country by country. So I guess, the short answer would have been, yes, we do.
Operator: Next question is John Faucher with JPMorgan.
John Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co: If I'm looking at my model correctly, it looks like the European comp gets -- from a volume standpoint, gets dramatically more difficult in Q3 versus Q2. And I think you're guiding for roughly similar volume growth. So can you talk a little bit about what you see there that's going to drive that sequential improvement in the underlying performance?
Ian Cook: Yes, it is specifically an innovation flow, John. I think some of which, Bina talked about, along with the strengthened integrated marketing activity that we have across the year, the balance of the year and the plans developed with retailers against those. So it is innovation joint business plans with customers, behind increased commercial investment.
Operator: And we'll go to our next question Lauren Lieberman with Barclays Capital.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: Just actually wanted to continue on Europe. One thing is that in the quarter and in your remarks, you've said that the categories, while they slowed categories are still up and your shares are up. But your organic sales was down in the quarter in Europe, and a very significant deceleration sequentially. So what kind of -- can you just give me a little more color, I guess, maybe on the quarter? And then what change the significantly sequentially because that doesn't look like a 1.4 than in market growth, that looks like something more.
Ian Cook: There is nothing that stands out from a sequential point of view that I can talk to, Lauren. It is a slowdown in the category growth, maybe there is some timing of activity, but nothing material that I can point to.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: But from 7% volume in Q1, Q1 and a half and Q2, so was there are lot of shifting for Pro Sensitive that helped Q1 and...
Ian Cook: Let me put that into context. The fact of the matter is in the first quarter of 2009, we had a very weak point of comparison because we had, at that point in time, some fairly meaningful, shall we say, altercations with some retail partners, that saw us without product at retail in some categories. And certainly, far lower levels of promotional activity than we had. So that was the reason for the, I would say, abnormally high comparison, first-quarter-on-first-quarter. Second quarter, if you take an underlying volume rate in Europe at between 2% and 3% then that comparison for the second quarter alone, I think tracks quite well with a category. So it was an aberration of comparison, first quarter to first quarter last year, driven by trade situations rectified in the first quarter of 2010.
Operator: Next question is Jason Gere with RBC Capital Markets.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Just a question on the advertising in the quarter. I was wondering if you can just kind of rank in the buckets, when you look at the 1% spend, I mean how much was affected by, one, I guess the magnitude of the Q1 spend which was up over 30%. Two, some of the shift to promotional spending. And then three, was there difficulty getting inventory, just with the World Cup going on, had been hearing that a lot of the media rates went up? I just want to see if that was actually a factor as well?
Ian Cook: The World Cup was not a factor, particularly given the early exit of the U.S. and England. So it was not a factor. If you kind of profile the second quarter advertising, I would make a couple of observations. I think I have painted the strategic framework of how we think about advertising and how one engages with consumers in the developed markets versus the emerging markets to give some texture around that from a geographic point of view and where the spending is point of view. The advertising, and now I'm talking the traditional A&P below the line, as you would see it increase in the emerging markets, strong double digits. In the developed markets, we spent competitively. But we moved spending into shopper marketing programs at retail. And our overall commercial investment grew high single digits on a global basis driven by the developed market. So that's the profile we're seeing in terms of how best it is to engage with the consumer and that's how we're thinking about the balance of the year.
Operator: Next question is Connie Maneaty with BMO Capital.
Constance Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I think you'd probably expect a Venezuela question out of me. What I'm wondering is if you could sort of put market conditions in context in Venezuela if you think the impact is going to be limited to this year? Or will there be some operating spillover into next year? And if you're still getting the preferential rate?
Ian Cook: The answer is, as we think about Venezuela from an operating point of view, even though this is a soft comment, I think our people down there are doing an absolutely terrific job in very challenging and difficult circumstances. As we think about the balance of this year going forward, we recognize what happened in the second quarter. And although our market share has continued to be quite strong, toothpaste at 94%, Venezuela consumption is of course under pressure. The margin will improve, as we said, because of that change in hyperinflationary accounting. And we have modified our investment over the balance of the year in harmony with that. We are still getting the preferential rate at that 2.6 level, quite a sizable sum, allowing us to continue to operate the business. You well know that there are elections in September of this year, and would I think be irresponsible of me to talk about 2011. As we see how this unfolds, we will provide, I think, the customary early advice that we have all the way along on Venezuela, as we get a better sight on 2011. But that's how we're thinking about 2010 and the access continues even if the process is a little bit slow.
Constance Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And I don't know if you mentioned this, but what did Venezuela cost EPS in the second quarter?
Ian Cook: We didn't mention it, and we wouldn't mention it. We gave the guidance for the year.
Operator: Next question is Alice Longley with Buckingham Research.
Alice Beebe Longley: My question is about North America. You said that categories have weakened here from the first into the second quarter and yet your volume was still up 5%. And we've seen in some other companies that shipments have started to be up more than sell-throughs because some retailers are restocking, particularly the biggest one in America. And I'm wondering if you've seen any of that or expect to see any of that in the second half, meaning do you think your shipments have been or will be up more than your sales at retail?
Ian Cook: I think that's difficult to project. We haven't historically and don't believe so far, have seen that kind of restocking swings to any magnitude. That, of course, will depend on strategies that retailers deploy over the second half of this year. As you know, we have seen a shift in terms of the consumers' buying habits to more of the so-called mass club and the dollar retail outlets. And again, we'll just have to see how those strategies from the retailer's perspective play out in the second half of the year. But I don't think -- I know we're not planning for, and I don't think we would suggest that there would be an inventory imbalance, let's say.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Sawyer with Goldman Sachs.
Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I was going to follow up again on the topic of weaker U.S. and European category sales. And my question is that we've seen a pretty broad increase in promotional spending from your sales in a lot of your competitors. What are your metric say about the effectiveness of that promotion in this sort of consumer environment? Are you seeing abnormally low volume lift as you promote? Or is there something else going on that's driving that category deterioration?
Ian Cook: Yes, well, part of it -- I mean, from a value point of view, obviously part of the category deterioration is promotional activity itself, not compensated for by volume lift. I think the answer to that question strategically and why we have been so cautious over time in terms of this promotional arena, is you have to ask yourself the question -- which is the question you're asking -- what is the most engaging way of reaching the consumers at retail? And many of the programs that we tried to structure, albeit executed at retail seek to bring a conceptual value, not just a price value, so that there is more of an equity build than simply a price-related volume build, which may be a transfer from one store to another or will suffer the peaks and valleys in future periods. And when we do that, we see good lift. We see good lift on traditional promotional activities too, but those tend to be shorter term and you do them in order to protect your business from what you see from competitors. But ultimately, our belief and my belief, even though we are assuming it's for the balance of this year, is that manufacturers will have to move away from that and back to brand building through engagement, not price promotion.
Operator: Next question is Jon Andersen with William Blair.
Jon Andersen - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Pricing and aggregate improved slightly from first to second quarter in light of your commentary on developed markets and incremental shopper marketing programs. How do you see pricing playing out in the second half of the year and the full year?
Ian Cook: I think we covered this a little bit earlier. We would see the balance of the year, from a price point of view, in line with our historical average, which is less than a percentage point for the full year. And that really is composed of, as I mentioned earlier, pricing that would be positive in Latin America and part of that, of course, is Venezuela. And yet pricing in the other divisions, particularly the developed world, reflecting the shift of activity to trade spending, the so-called above-the-line investment at retail shopper marketing engagement program. So positive in Latin America, modestly negative in the rest of the world, driven by that strategic shift in the developed markets and under a percentage point for the year all up.
Operator: Next question is Nik Modi with UBS.
Michael Kwon: It's actually Mike Kwon for Nik. Could you just give us some perspective on Lat Am [Latin America] volume momentum outside of the 400 basis point drag from Venezuela, I mean did you see a slowdown in marketing growth as well? Just trying to reconcile the volume trends with your commentary on market share gains.
Ian Cook: Yes, from a volume point of view, we didn't see much of a slowdown from a -- yes, we didn't see much of a slowdown in Latin America or at all, nor in the rest of the emerging markets and every other geography in Latin America was up. So which was why we called out the drag of Venezuela, because we're actually quite pleased with our continued volume growth in Latin America x Venezuela and, of course, share progress as well.
Michael Kwon: So would you say there's nothing really to look at behind, going from 8% last quarter to 5%, if you put back in the 400 from Venezuela?
Ian Cook: That's basically yes.
Operator: Next question is Linda Bolton with Caris.
Linda Weiser - Caris & Company: Do you have any estimation of when you would get FDA approval for your Sensitive toothpaste in the U.S.? And if not, can you tell us when you filed?
Ian Cook: Well, as is customary with these things, Linda, we are in conversation with the FDA, as is part of a customary process, and I have nothing I can comment on relative to timing. When we have a clearer view on that, you will be amongst the first to know.
Operator: Next question is a follow up from Chris Ferrara with Bank of America.
Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch: Ian, on the ad spending, I know you said that it would be -- I think you said it would be up as a percentage of sales over the rest of the year. I think you were referring to both media advertising and the gross to net promotional spending, but can you just clarify that?
Ian Cook: No, Nik (sic) [Chris], I'm glad you asked the follow-up question. Earlier, I was trying to say from a strategy point of view, we are deploying investment in the gross to net, as you call it, the trade spending, particularly in the developed world to engage with consumers, where they increasingly make their purchase decision in a slowing economy. The number I was talking about was the traditional Advertising & Promotion, which is exclusive of the gross to net, the number that we customarily talk about. And I was saying that, that, which is to say advertise, media and promotion will be up absolutely and as a percent of sales for the balance of the year. Led by the emerging markets as in the developed world, we put more of our investment into those shopper marketing programs at retail.
Operator: We'll go to our next question from Mark Astrachan with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Mark Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Just following up on the advertising question again, just thinking about it from the effectiveness of spend standpoint, when do you think you'll see evidence of an improvement? And then sort of related to that on the develop market standpoint, do you think there was a bit of restocking towards the end of last year coming out of the economic issues? And now that things are potentially getting worse again, are you seeing a destocking that has to get cycled once again?
Ian Cook: I don't believe so, Mark, we don't believe so. The rule of thumb in our business, certainly the way we approach it with our major retailer is we're always looking for inventory efficiency. So you don't tend to get these swings of destocking and restocking. So no, I don't believe that's a factor.
Operator: We'll go next to John McMillin with Lord Abbett.
John McMillin - Prudential Equity: I know you want to look forward, not backwards. But if you look backwards, a year ago, you said, come hell or high water, we're going to have our double-digit EPS in dollars, despite whatever happens to dollars and euros and so forth. And I just wonder kind of in your retrospect with your kind of -- you used too much gas in the tank and kind of left the organization with a little vulnerable lead either the P&G and so forth. But if you just look backwards for a second with me, and say, was that a prudent move?
Ian Cook: I'm not sure, John, that I would have said hell or high water. But I think we committed to double digit and we believe, as an organization then, as we do now clearly, as we reaffirm it, that this is an appropriate stance to take. We believe we have modified our plans for the balance of the year in a way that is responsible in terms of building our brands by redeploying between Advertising & Promotion and the in-store marketing. So we challenge ourselves all the time in terms of the appropriate balance between performance and brand building and we feel this is still the right place for our company to be.
Operator: Our final question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays Capital.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: One was just -- in the press release, I noticed there was a comment about Sensitive toothpaste of some sort launching in the U.S., can you just say what that is? Because obviously, it's not the special one?
Ian Cook: It's a traditional potassium nitrate technology, which rounds out our offerings in terms of our current portfolio. So this is not the so-called Sensitive Pro-Relief that we talk about all the time.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: Was that part of your initial plan or is it something you're doing? Because there's been a greater delay with the FDA approval and you've had P&G and Glaxo being very aggressive with Sensitive toothpaste in the U.S. clearly, in anticipation of you launching Pro-Relief?
Ian Cook: We didn't have Pro-Relief built into our plans, no.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: But I mean, was this -- the Multi Protection, is that something you've...
Ian Cook: That's something we would have done anyway. Yes, it's something we would have done anyway. In fact, if you look at our businesses around the world, we have quite a well-developed line of Sensitivity toothpaste using what I might call traditional technologies and Pro-Relief is what we believe sets a new standard and we have that on top.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: And then just on the other expense line in the P&L, because it's just -- it's twinning around a lot. Could you tell us how should we think about it for the rest of the year because there's about $38 million, $39 million a quarter in the back half last year, $2 million in June. So I guess that's a pretty being big swing factor.
Ian Cook: I think, Lauren, if you take a general look at the balance of the year, you should see it reducing.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: Year-over-year?
Ian Cook: Yes. Well, thanks everyone for the questions. Thanks for being disciplined to ask almost one, and we look forward to catching up with you again as the year continues to unfold. Thanks very much.
Operator: And this does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Ian Cook - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Bina Thompson - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Caroline Levy - CLSA Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital Constance Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets U.S. William Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Alice Beebe Longley Joseph Altobello - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets Corporation Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Inc Douglas Lane - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Linda Weiser - Caris & Company Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company First Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgate.com. At this time, for opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson. Please go ahead.
Bina Thompson: Thank you, Dana, and good morning, everybody, and welcome to our first quarter 2010 earnings release conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, Chairman, President and CEO; Steve Patrick, CFO; Dennis Hickey, Corporate Controller; and Elaine Paik, Treasurer. This conference call will include forward-looking statements. These statements are made on the basis of our views and assumptions as of this time and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual events or results may differ materially from these statements. For information about certain factors that could cause such differences, investors should consult our most recent annual report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on our website, including the information set forth under the captions "Risk Factors" and "Cautionary Statement on Forward-Looking Statements." We'll discuss our results and outlook excluding the one-time charge of $271 million related to the transition to hyper-inflationary accounting in Venezuela as of the 1st of January 2010. We'll also discuss organic sales growth, excluding foreign exchange, acquisitions and divestitures.  A full reconciliation with the corresponding GAAP measures is included in the press release and is posted on the Investor Relations page of our website at www.colgate.com. And we'll be glad to answer any questions you may have including or excluding these items as you wish. We are really delighted with our results. We started off the year with good momentum and strong financials. Our financial strategy, which we have been deploying for well over a decade, continues to deliver a healthy P&L, solid balance sheet and good cash flow with increased volume and gross margin while containing our fixed expenses, which has allowed us to invest generously in advertising, while at the same time, growing the bottom line.  We had told you last year that 2009 would be a transition of balancing price and volume. And in each successive quarter, volume growth increased while pricing played less in the role. We've seen that shift again in the first quarter with volume increasing solidly in nearly every operating division.  Of particular note, as Ian said in the press release, is our 170 basis point increase in gross margin. And as you can see, this is as a result of our cost-savings efforts including many Funding the Growth programs around the world rather than from pricing. This is consistent with how we have achieved gross margin increases over many years.  You'll hear as we go through the divisions how market shares have increased in many categories. And as always, new products play an important role. Our very healthy increase in advertising of over 30% has allowed us to support both new product launches as well as our ongoing businesses. Cash flow was good, and our working capital remains at very low levels. And as you may recall, we recently announced the dividend increase of 20% effective this quarter along with the renewal of our share repurchase program. We expect our strong cash generation will allow us to fund these activities while maintaining a low level of debt.  And as we indicated in our previous guidance, the tax rate in the first quarter was below the first quarter of 2009 due to the devaluation in Venezuela. Also included in the quarter was a $9 million one-time charge related to the elimination of the tax deductibility of the Medicare Part D Retiree Drug Subsidy. Our expectation going forward is that the tax rate will be between 32% and 33% for the remainder of the year.  And as previously disclosed, first quarter results were also impacted by the currency devaluation in Venezuela. A gain of $59 million or $0.11 per diluted share is included in net income to the quarter related to the remeasurement of the Venezuela balance sheet and lower taxes on accrued but unpaid remittances. This gain was partially offset by the impact of translating our Venezuela financial statement at a lower exchange rate, resulting in a reduction in net income of approximately $30 million or $0.06 per diluted share. As mentioned in the press release, the company continues to estimate that the full year impact of the devaluation will be a net reduction of $0.06 to $0.10 per diluted share. The impact for the quarter and full year is in line with guidance we provided in January of this year.  So let's turn to the divisions starting with North America. Results in North America was solid with healthy volume growth and excellent operating profit growth. We told you about a number of new products last quarter and the new product growth continues. Most recently in the Oral Care area, we'd introduced Colgate ProClinical toothpaste, a product which brings cosmeceuticals to oral care. Colgate ProClinical is a new line of professionally inspired daily toothpaste formulated with clinically-proven technologies that provide health and beauty benefits. It started shipping at the end of the first quarter when media and online activity also began.  Colgate Wisp continue to perform well. A second variant with Plus Whitening was launched in March. Trial for the product continues to grow monthly, exceeding our initial goals, and importantly, the repeat rate continues to grow as well. It's considerably ahead of where Colgate 360, the best-selling toothbrush in the U.S., was at a similar time frame following its launch. This has resulted in the excellent market share as referenced in the press release. Distribution into new channels is increasing as well including convenience stores, gas stations, airports and college campus bookstores. And we told you last quarter about a new deodorant product, Speed Stick Stainguard. Initial shipments were strong, and a very comprehensive integrated marketing campaign is in place to support this launch. We're combining TV media with a targeted sampling program as well as in-store activity. And we also have a partnership with Hanes T-shirts, a sampling program which highlights that Speed Stick Stainguard is designed to help fight yellow stains on white T-shirts. So looking ahead, volume in North America is expected to grow mid-single digits for the second quarter and full year. Organic sales are expected to grow low- to mid-single digits for the second quarter and full year. And operating profit is expected to grow double digits in the second quarter, up absolutely and as a percent of sales and should grow at least mid-single digit for the full year, up absolutely and as a percent of sales. Europe/South Pacific. We're very pleased with the continued momentum in our European business. Although macroeconomic conditions remain somewhat fragile, successful new products backed by healthy advertising have resulted in good volume and organic sales growth. Across the region, our market shares increased in toothpaste, manual and powered toothbrushes, mouthwash, bodywash, liquid hand soap, bar soap and fabric softeners.  We're continuing our introduction of Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief throughout the region. Results are very encouraging. In the U.K., one of our initial markets, our toothpaste market share is now over 50% and Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief has added incremental share. In the Sensitive segment, the gap between Colgate and the leading sensitive toothpaste has been cut almost in half. In Greece, after four months in the market, we'd now taken leadership in the Sensitive segment at 8.5%, over 2.5 points ahead of our nearest competitor. In Italy, where Total Advanced Clean was named new product of the year for 2010, our toothpaste share is up almost two points year-over-year. We're excited about new products in other categories as well. We told you about our new bodywash, Palmolive Nutra Fruit which began shipping late in the first quarter. Even before advertising the product, consumer response has been excellent which bodes well for the second quarter when media support will begin.  Other new products into the Home Care category. We will be building our existing equities of Ajax cleaners, Palmolive dish liquids and Soupline fabric conditioners under the brand Natura Verde. Targeted to consumers who are eco aware who desire uncompromised efficacy, these products ingredients of natural origins, and their formulas are biodegradable while still offering strong performance, the kind of performance which these leading brands are already known. Early trade reaction has been extremely encouraging and the products are shipping now. So looking ahead, we expect volume and organic sales to be up mid-single digit for the second quarter and the full year. Operating profit is expected to be up double digit for the second quarter and full year, up both absolutely and as a percent of sales in each period. Latin America. We're especially pleased with the continued strong performance in our Latin American business, particularly given the challenges we and other companies are facing in Venezuela. And as noted in the press release, we saw strong volume gains in most of our markets and continued good performance in our market share.  In toothpaste, our latest exciting innovation, Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief is being rolled out across the region. It is now selling in Brazil, Mexico and the Southern Cones, and has contributed to year-over-year market share increases in all of those geographies.  In Brazil, where our overall toothpaste share was up year-over-year, Colgate Total reached a record level of over 18%. In Mexico, despite heightened competitive activity, our toothpaste market share is up 20 basis points year-over-year to over 85%. And in Venezuela, our toothpaste share increased 3.6 share points to a record 93.7%. As you know, Mouthwash is another critical area of focus for us in many parts of the world. Across Latin America, our share is up over two points year-over-year to almost 30%, nearly halving the gap with the leading manufacturer that existed in 2007. We gained two more share points in Argentina, consolidating our leadership position to over 50%. The gain was achieved through growth in our base Plax business as well as the recent launch of Plax Whitening.  In bar soaps, we've maintained the leadership position across the region we established in 2008, and our 2010 year-to-date share is up 20 basis points. And in fabric conditioners, our share was up 50 basis points to over 50%. Our most recent innovative new product, Suavitel GoodBye Ironing, helped increase share. New TV testimonial advertising reinforced the key benefits such as wrinkle reduction on clothes and time saving.  So looking ahead, volume in Latin America is expected to grow mid-single digits for the second quarter and full year, with organic sales growing double digit for both periods. Operating profit in the second quarter is expected to decline modestly from the very high level for the second quarter of 2009. Full year 2010 operating profit is expected to be basically flat due to the negative currency translation effect in the Venezuelan business. Greater Asia/Africa. Results in this region were very strong, continuing the momentum with which we exited 2009. Toothpaste shares across the region was strong. In China, our share was up 120 basis points to almost 33% and with over 33% in the most recent period. Part of this was driven by the launch of Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief in key cities. In Russia, our year-to-date share was up almost a full point. And you may recall, we launched Elmex, a GABA product, in this market last year and that has contributed to the growth along with our Colgate business. Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief has now been launched across the region, and in the second quarter, we will be shipping a whitening version in addition to the original variant, thereby increasing presence on the shelf.  We maintained our leadership share in toothbrushes across the region. In India, our share is up 400 basis points year-over-year to over 40%. And in Russia, our share is now over 51% up 220 basis points on a year-to-date basis. Another category which has been very strong is mouthwash. As we continue our focus on this category in markets outside the U.S. Our shares increased in every market we are present in, more than doubling in a number of markets.  Our shower gel shares are up almost two points across the region. New products supported by increased advertising drove our Palmolive franchise in Russia and Turkey. And in Thailand, a new thematic campaign for Protex accompanied by impactful in-store activity drove our share up two points year-over-year. So looking ahead, we expect volume and organic sales to continue to grow at high single-digit levels for the second quarter and full year. Operating profit is expected to increase double digit for the second quarter and full year, up both absolutely and as a percent of sales. Turning then to Hill's. We're encouraged by the improvement in our Hill's business from the fourth quarter of 2009. As we told you, we've been working around the world to ensure that our pricing is competitive in the marketplace through a combination of price reductions as well as rightsizing. And that process, which began in September of 2009, should be substantially complete by the end of this quarter in the U.S. and by the third quarter in Europe.  In conjunction with this, we've been building brand awareness via an integrated marketing communication plan. The print and online campaign leverages powerful testimonial to communicate nutritional efficacy, strong visuals to showcase new lower prices and includes the tag line, "Vet's #1 Choice to Feed Their Own Pets."  We're already seeing the benefits in the marketplace. Monthly scanner data through March indicates that consumption of those right-sized, right-priced products in U.S. large-format retailers has increased as compared with the prior six months average. And in addition, we are seeing veterinary endorsements returning to their historically high levels.  A number of new products initiatives are helping to restore growth in market share. We told you last quarter about our launch here in the U.S. of Science Diet for small- and toy-breed dogs. We began shipping in February and have achieved excellent distribution and overall consumer response.  So this quarter, we'll be launched in the small and toy breed in Japan. We've customized the product for the region with even smaller kibble sizes and smaller package sizes. This is a great opportunity in a country where 65% of registered dogs are five kilos or smaller in size. And in Japan, these dogs are considered precious and treasured family members that require food specifically tailored to them.  Another new product launched recently across Europe was Science Plan for healthy mobility canine. Following this success, we're now launching the product under the Science Diet brand in the U.S. in June with a very comprehensive support plan, including the healthy mobility challenge to improve a pet's mobility in just three days.  And just this month in Europe, we're launching a wellness product which will be sold exclusively through the veterinary channel. Initial reaction has been very positive. This should help drive brand recommendation as well as market share. So looking ahead, volume at Hill's is expected to be essentially flat year-over-year in the second quarter and should be up low- to mid-single digit for the full year. Organic sales are expected to decline modestly for the second quarter with growth for the full year in the low single digits. Operating profit is expected to be up mid-single digits for the second quarter and full year, up absolutely and as a percent of sales. So in summary, we are very pleased with the way 2010 has started. Clearly, the momentum in our business which we enjoyed as we exited 2009 is continuing this year. Our strategies are working. Our ongoing Funding the Growth programs are helping to increase gross margin significantly. Our worldwide focus on increased advertising is resulting in excellent sales and volume growth. And our market shares are healthy and increasing around the world. So we look forward to sharing our progress as we go through the remainder of the year.  And now, Dana, I would like to turn it over to question please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Alice Longley with Buckingham Research.
Alice Beebe Longley: Could you tell us, given what's in the news, what percentage of sales in the Europe, South Pacific regions are generated roughly in Spain, Portugal, Italy, Ireland and Greece altogether?
Ian Cook: I don't have that number at the top of my head, Alice. I must say if I do this, it is relatively modest on a global basis. You'll have to connect with me separately.
Alice Beebe Longley: But probably below 5% of sales?
Ian Cook: It is modest. I prefer not to guess the number.
Alice Beebe Longley: And then could you give us an update on your advertising or media ratio to sales plan for this year? And also, for your promotional activity coming off of sales, is that going to be a bigger chunk less sales or less than last year?
Ian Cook: I mean just sort of taking a little bit of a step back, I think as we worked our way through last year and talked about this year, we said that we were very comfortable with the strategic initiatives that we had, starting with the consumer and obviously, driving growth with that consumer with new products and with advertising. And we said that we would be increasing our advertising both absolutely and as a percentage to sales in 2010. And of course, we have started quite strongly in the first quarter and been pleased, not just by the financial results, but if we look at our market shares around the world, as you may have seen in the release and heard from Bina's comments, we're seeing good share progress in all of our major markets, particularly in the emerging markets around the world. So as we look forward for 2010, we continue to estimate that our advertising will be up both absolutely and as a percent to sales in subsequent quarters, and of course, for the full year. As I said before, that really is media advertising, digital advertising and sampling and professional programs we have for quite a time, when we've spoken about it for quite a time, moved our advertising emphasis into activity at the store level. That continues to be very effective in terms of engaging and connecting with consumers, and we continue to increase our focus there. And as you say, that comes between the gross and the net line and is on top of the advertising I have just spoken about.
Alice Beebe Longley: But that deduction from sales is going to expand a little bit this year?
Ian Cook: Modestly.
Alice Beebe Longley: You do tend to give some guidance for EPS growth, and you confirmed that you think EPS will be up double digits in share overall. Of course you have this big increase in the first quarter. Are willing to say that your EPS will be up double digits through the remainder of the year, in the latter nine months of the year?
Ian Cook: Alice, I think we've been very clear on this since the Venezuela matter started in January of this year. And we put out, I think quite promptly, releases, both with the devaluation and when the accounting change happened. Focusing on the devaluation, this is a subject that we have encountered many times over many years in several of the Latin America countries. We planned for it from an operating point of view, and then we executed. That's what we did in the first quarter. It has always been, and it will continue to be, a combination of the remeasurement of the balance sheet and the ongoing translation impact that will affect the subsidiary. That's how we've always done it, positive or negative, and that's how we have done it in 2010. So as we said then, I would repeat now, that the double-digit progress assumes the way we have operated Venezuela this year, which is with all of the impacts of the devaluation in.
Alice Beebe Longley: But your results, aside from that, were better at least than I thought in this quarter. So I think the general idea is your earnings will not be up double digits through the latter part of the year because of Venezuela. And should we be more optimistic than that?
Ian Cook: Again, I repeat, Alice, what I said. Double digit with Venezuela treated the way we have treated it. And circling back to your very first question, the countries that you mentioned are less than 4% of our global sales.
Operator: And we'll go next to Joe Altobello with Oppenheimer & Co.
Joseph Altobello - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: On pricing, it seems like that was most acute, at least it'd be downward pressure was in your developed markets, North America and somewhat in Europe. Which categories are you seeing the most pricing pressure on?
Ian Cook: First let me back up a little bit on price there, Joe. Yes, pricing was essentially flat on the quarter. You will know by looking back at history that, that compares to a price up, 80% in the first quarter of last year. So over that timeframe, our pricing is indeed up, and the comparisons, as you work through the second half of this year, become easier given relative pricing in prior years. So putting it in an overall context, we're expecting pricing to be more favorable as the year unfolds, with the full year in our historical 0.5% to 1.5% increase worldwide. Secondly, the gross margin, as you know, was up in the first quarter, 170 basis points, notwithstanding flat pricing, and we expect that gross margin to continue to increase as the year unfolds. Now when we think about pricing, there are really three contributory aspects. One is those things that you do to create trial for new products, the coupons that are used in the United States which go to price. Second are the promotional activities that one adopts to manage our ongoing business. And third, any actions that needs to be taken to manage competitors. Our portfolio is very much focused on the Hill's, the Oral Care, the Personal Care and then our Home Care businesses. And if you take a snapshot around the world, you would see that the pricing of competitors in the more volume-oriented Home Care categories has been somewhat sharper. So if you focused on categories, it would, from a competitive point of view, be more in the Home Care area although we have responded in a targeted way to light activity in other categories as well. But the strong bias would be to the more volume Home Care businesses.
Joseph Altobello - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: So it sounds like you expect a sequential improvement in pricing throughout the year?
Ian Cook: We do.
Joseph Altobello - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: It looks like gross margin, at least sequentially, was down a little bit. You've talked about a 60% gross margin this year. It sounds like some of that's going to come from pricing. But are you still comfortable given that we've got some headwinds in the back half of this year on the commodity side that, that 60% number is still doable?
Ian Cook: We think by the end of the year, getting to 60% is still doable in 2010, Joe. And we continue to put great focus and get a great return from our traditional Funding-the-growth program, and that is the cornerstone of our progress for 2010. And that is having built into our forward-look projections with the rise in commodity pricing, and also the increases in oil. So pricing a bit, but more the traditional Funding the Growth initiatives.
Operator: And we'll go next to Bill Chappell with SunTrust.
William Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets: It sounds like you're in Latin America, Europe and Asia or at least part, but can you kind of help us -- were you there kind of at the start of the quarter or was this more of it's roll-up period so we'd see the full benefit in 2Q? And then also any updates on where it will expand in maybe the second half of the year?
Ian Cook: You'd almost have to go country by country. It is a -- there are lot of different timings, so that's not an obvious -- it all started in January or February. Secondly, I think we have made the point before that this is a long-term journey for us. We are very encouraged by the initial share reactions with the superior technology that is Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief. We're particularly encouraged by the early trial and repeat data that we are seeing in some of the lead markets like the U.K. and Taiwan, but there is a very strong competitor in that segment. And we have said that this is going to be a multiyear journey to accomplish our overarching goal which is leadership in that $1 billion segment. In terms of our global expansion, we expect to be in about three quarters or shall we say the sensitivity world by the third quarter of next year. That's our plan and we continue to be on that plan.
William Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets: Just to follow-up, so it doesn't sound like Pro-Relief was a meaningful driver of the top line this quarter?
Ian Cook: No.
Operator: And we'll go next to Ali Dibadj with Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: You talked a little bit about the competition you're seeing in Home and Personal Care, we just heard from another one of your competitors, actually in oral care, talking about 40% growth in Mexico. And clearly, that's from a smaller base but large growth. Being the overall leader in oral care in Western Europe, Brazil being very successful and more push us benefits us but we believe potentially in India going forward. Can you comment a little bit on than that? What are you seeing? How are you reacting? How are you planning to react about what's out there?
Ian Cook: Well, let me talk about the markets and give you our perspective and observations on what we see. India, as you saw in the release, market share up over 51% now and continuing to grow. And there is only one established competitor in India. China, our market share is up quite meaningfully over a point. Business was up double digits and our leading competitor in the number two position, their market share is down in China. In Russia, our market share is up over 33%. The number two competitor in Russia is less than half of that share and the market share is down. Turn to Mexico, our market share is up, competitor is flat to modestly up. In Brazil, we have the highest market share we have had in over 10 years, continuing into the first quarter of this year. I think as may have been said, the volume growth that is being talked about there is largely to do with geographic expansion in the country when we look at the market shares in whether it's the pharmacy, whether it's in Fortaleza, they continue to be around that 5% level that I have quoted before. In Western Europe, we continue to lead in every segment, with the exception of powered toothbrushes, which is the smallest Oral Care segment in Europe. Our toothpaste share is 3x the competitor that you had mentioned. We lead in manual toothbrushes and we lead in mouth rinses. As you know, toothpaste and manual toothbrushes are by far the largest segments of oral care in any market in the world, certainly true in Europe. So we continue to comfortably lead that market in market shares in all cases. I'm talking here Nielsen market shares. And even here in the United States, we continue at least in terms of Nielsen, all outlet share to lead here in the United States as well. So our response to activities in any market are what you would expect from a traditional marketing point of view, starting with our loyalty and market shares that we have the overwhelming professional recommendation advantage that we have, and a strong linkage with the next generation consumers through the stores programs. And then of course, there is the offense in those markets of the sensitive Pro-Relief, which in Brazil, is off to a terrific start and indeed Sensitive Pro-Relief on its own with the scan Nielsen data in three months is ahead of the share, the Pro-Health product launched in over a year. So that's what we see around the world, Ali, in terms of our market shares provided by Nielsen, whether scan or outlet. And our responses will continue to be respectful. But leverage the strength, we believe we have built with consumers and customers over many years and not take any of this in any way lightly.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: In terms of what you anticipate going forward and I'm sure you guys have market intelligence. I mean, are you prepared for anything more aggressive? Are you expecting anything more aggressive even though some of that obstacle conflicts and everyone says they're gaining share? The goal at least is for everyone to gain share. So I mean how do you anticipate what's going to happen around the corner or do you think not going to be very impactful to us?
Ian Cook: We will react to what we actually see in the marketplace. We have had a lot of experience of dealing with competitors in the oral care area, whether they are local, regional or multinational. We think we know what we are doing in this category in order to both growth it. And if we defend it, and we will react accordingly. So that would be my answer.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: And I guess ask then in the context of -- what we saw on pricing this quarter and expectation of improved pricing going forward. I asked you in that context, I guess.
Ian Cook: That's why I said it early on the call, we have clearly worked all of it. That's true. And are estimating and we feel comfortable with this dance we are taking on pricing in our categories.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Sensitivity, so probably it's in the U.S. If you mentioned it, I apologize, any update there?
Ian Cook: No, none, Ali. We're in the normal process of reviewing this with the Food and Drug Administration, and that is proceeding as it does customarily and when we have any news, you will probably be the second to know behind our customers.
Operator: We'll go next to Doug Lane with Jefferies & Company.
Douglas Lane - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Is there any way you could quantify -- we've seen a lot of raw material cost movement and shipping rates looking to go up. Is there anyway you can sort of give us an order of magnitude on the cost side between shipping, energy and raw materials? What kind of headwind you're looking at now versus maybe back in January when we talked?
Ian Cook: Well, what I can say, Doug, is that we have reflected in our go-forward estimating the prevailing oil prices at around the $85 level. And we have taken account of the headwind and now being faced with some of the key commodities that we buy. And that is built into our plan for the balance of the year. And that plan continues to see our gross margin continue to expand sequentially and for the full year.
Douglas Lane - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Are you up to your assumptions on the pricing front since January to try to recover some of these cost pressures?
Ian Cook: As I said earlier, Doug, our pricing expectation for the year is between % to 1% that we have historically seen from pricing. And the bulk of our gross margin expansion for the year is forecast to come from our funding the growth program, which has been the driver of gross margin expansion for us for many, many years.
Douglas Lane - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: And then just lastly, looking at the U.S. specifically where we're looking at numbers where toothpaste market share is down a point or two. Is there a specific strategy in the U.S. to recapture lost toothpaste market share this year?
Ian Cook: Well, the -- modestly down from an all outlet point of view. The strategy is innovation and reaching consumers where we have great loyalty, which in the U.S. is particularly the Hispanic consumers where we do very well.
Douglas Lane - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Do you expect to have the sensitive product out this year? Is that more of a 2011 event in the U.S.?
Ian Cook: I can't really say, Doug. As I mentioned earlier to Ali, we're in active discussions with the Food and Drug Administration following normal models there. And I don't have any insight or projection to give you.
Operator: And we'll go next to Bill Schmitz with Deutsche Bank.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG: Can you just talk about that your category growth assumptions are as the year progress? I mean, you're expecting a category -- I know they never really slowed remarkably. But are we going to start getting back to those sort of like 4% to 5% growth rates we saw, maybe 2007-2008 timeframe?
Ian Cook: Well, I think we're certainly going to see low- to mid-single digits on a constant dollar basis. And that is going to be led, Bill, by the emerging markets which we are seeing running at a double digit cliff. And the developed world is lagging, and they are running. And we're estimating low single digits for both Western Europe and the United States. And you know, pleasingly, when we look at our categories, we've seen our Oral Care business up organically double digits for the first quarter and our Personal and Home Care businesses up low- to mid-single digits, which we're quite pleased with in that context.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG: And then just in terms of some the price force going on, especially India, and obviously not PNG yet, but that's a speculation. Are there signs that you're starting abate a little bit because I think that's kind of how we picked up in the last couple of weeks?
Ian Cook: Where? In India?
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG: Yes.
Ian Cook: Well, no, our Indian financial performance has been very healthy and our market shares continue to grow in both categories. So our pricing was -- there's a classification we're certainly not looking at in our categories in India, no.
Operator: And we'll go next to Andrew Sawyer with Goldman Sachs.
Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I wanted to follow-up on your guidance were flattish profit in Latin America for the full year. I just wanted you to parse out what portion of that was Venezuela and how it look without Venezuela? And is there things going on from a margin perspective outside of Venezuela that we should be aware of as well?
Ian Cook: Andrew, it hasn't been our custom to get to that level of detail on a division basis. If I tell you Latin America in total, we continue to expect good growth as we have said. And our gross profit modestly impacted by Venezuela are in totality, maybe down 80 basis points or so.
Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: A then just a quick follow-up on the second line, do you see that gross margin bridge that you typically do?
Ian Cook: Yes, happy to do so. So this is first quarter gross profit, Andrew. And you saw first quarter 2009 with 57.5%. And then as you work your way through pricing 0.1%, funding the growth, a healthy 1.1%. Material prices favorable 0.4%. And then all other mixed investment and et cetera, 0.1% and that takes you to the 59.2%.
Operator: And we'll go next to Connie Maneaty with BMO Capital Markets.
Constance Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: In Venezuela, have you been able to price to recover the inflation impact?
Ian Cook: We are moving forward with pricing, Connie. That does partially that. And that is in place and moving forward. And I would also comment that we are continuing to get access to dollars at the 2.6 rate for raw materials on our products with the majority of our products in Venezuela made in Venezuela.
Operator: And we'll go next to Lauren Lieberman with Barclays Capital.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: You touched a little bit on pricing in Home Care. But I was curious, if you could talk a little bit more broadly about the competitive environment there? And then specifically, I maybe missed it when Bina was walking through some description of the equal friendly Home Care products. Is it a totally new brand or is it a sub-branded underneath your existing home care portfolio? How will it be priced? Kind of what's already in the Western European market in that category?
Ian Cook: Yes, let's start with the second one because it's pretty straightforward. It is a sub-brand, but it basically ties together strong equities that we already have in Europe. So our fabric softener, our Ajax All Purpose Cleaner and our dish liquid. So it ties them all together. It is a modest premium and it is moving around Europe, but too early to comment on market share. Results, reaction from the trade has been really quite positive. So coming back to the subject of Home Care and activity in Home Care, again, you will remember that, I guess in 1988, we took the strategic view that HDD was a category that was not going to be a priority for the company globally and now have less than 3% of our business remaining in that category. And what we observed around the world that there is a lot of pricing activity in home care, specifically in the Laundry Care segment which we don't compete in. But we have also seen activity in fabric softeners and in dish liquid in some selected markets. And we have, where necessary, responded to do that. And as I mentioned earlier, we're quite happy with the mid-single digit growth rate that we have accomplished. And practically margins that are quite pleasing with category margins on our Home Care business are up healthily versus prior year.
Operator: And we'll go next to Wendy Nicholson with Citi Investment Research.
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Inc: I just wanted to go back and follow-up to Andrew's question about the profit growth in Latin America. First, and I know that you don't like to comment on specific markets, but it's fair to say that the bulk of the pressure on the Venezuela profits this year, Latin America is in fact Venezuela, I mean profit are still going to be up, for example, Brazil, year-over-year, right?
Ian Cook: It is strictly Venezuela.
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Inc: My second question have to do with the U.S. business and the fact that there seems to be an increasing divergence, if you will from the results that you post and what you see from Nielsen. And I know there's always been a GAAP because of what's not tracked. But is there anything that's changed just from within the U.S. marketplace where the Nielsen measure accounts, grocery stores in particular are particularly weak from a pricing perspective that's where a lot of the investment has to go. And that the non-track channels are actually much more whether it's rational or robust, however, you want to put? Because it just seems you're doing a lot better on netting out volume and price in the U.S. than what we see from Nielsen?
Ian Cook: Yes, I don't have a mathematical tie-in on that, Wendy. It is simply that there is a large part of the business in the United States that is non-tracked channels, which we do pick up in that so-called all outlet share, which as you know, a Nielsen sort of pantry tied measure. I guess the only thing that you could say in terms of the various channels is that the super -- the grocery stores, the supermarkets tend to have more of a high-low strategy from a promotional point of view than some of the other non-track channels. So you may see some more period-to-period choppiness there than you would in the other channels. But beyond that, I can't offer any other deeper insight.
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Inc: And you don't see a marked difference, if you will, in terms of your market share performance given your relative category pricing in one channel versus another?
Ian Cook: Not related to pricing, no.
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Inc: Did you give guidance or have you given it for a targeted share level -- a share buyback level for the full year?
Ian Cook: We have not. But now you asked, yes, you saw perhaps what we bought in the first quarter, which was around $500 billion, between $450 billion and $500 billion. And I think you could expect to see us buying forward at or around that level And this is in different quarters [ph].
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Inc: Per quarter?
Ian Cook: Yes.
Operator: And we'll go next to Jason Gere with RBC Capital Markets.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: With the pricing, I think you're back in January, you're saying pricing was going to be 2% to 3% of sales and obviously, it's a bit lighter now. I'm not sure if you said this, but you're still comfortable with the 6% to 8% organic sales for the year?
Ian Cook: Yes.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: And just another question, more clarification I think, you're talking about the gross margins, it sound like you're saying 60% by the end of the year. And I think the commentary was around 60%. Is there anything in there? You're saying funding is going to be a little better. Is that just going to be the upside there or offset by some incremental commodities, so we shouldn't expect anything better or worse on the gross margin?
Ian Cook: I'm glad you added the around, Jason.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: And with that being said, I guess it leads to the next question, just on advertising, I think in the past, you were looking for advertising up 50 bps for the year. Obviously, the first quarter had a nice big upswing. How should we think about that going forward with the gross margin still expected to be a nice increase the rest of the year? Obviously not as great as the first quarter, but should we look at like half the rate of gross margin reinvested back into advertising?
Ian Cook: I think what I would say, Jason, is that the advertising quarter-on-quarter versus prior year is going to continue to be up both on an absolute basis and a percentage to sales basis. And therefore, the same for the year. But I think, we stepped up in the first quarter to quite a healthy ratio in terms of our advertising spend.
Operator: And we'll go next to Chris Ferrara with Bank of America Securities.
Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch: I was wondering if you can comment a little bit about what you're seeing in the retail underwriting. Obviously, you're not going to comment specifically on retailers, but we're certainly see and hearing a lot of commentary about rollbacks at Wal-Mart. What kind of pressure or suggestion or anything that you're seeing from retailers with respect to increased promotional spending? Do you think the trade is trying to drive volume with increase promotion? Or do you feel like a lot of this, this sharper price points are coming more from competitors, if there's a way to parse that out?
Ian Cook: Difficult, Chris. It becomes a little bit chicken and eggs, such a discussion. I think everybody is seeking two things. One, a better understanding of how to connect with the consumers in order to grow. And I think, things that can influence that our new products, advertising, sampling, professional recommendation and applied properly selective promotional activity. And I think we are seeing all of those at play in the marketplace. And I wouldn't like to try and parse out whether it's coming from a competitive through a retailer or from a retailer.
Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch: I guess putting it on another way, I mean are retailers approaching you guys now with the hope to generate more promotional spending more today than they have been over the last couple of quarters?
Ian Cook: I think people are coming at us and others looking to grow and the question is, "What is the best strategic and tactical answer to that question?" Pricing is an answer, but pricing is often a non-sustainable answer. And I think it's the responsibility of manufacturers who understand brands and consumers to create growth where price is a component, but not the only driver.
Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch: And then just on another note, I mean, I think you said raw materials swung to being a positive impact on gross margin over the last couple of quarters. And I think you've also said in the past that your FX and the transaction dragged or helped associated with the commodity purchases in some of your international market has kind of lumped into that same line. Can you give us a sense for how we should think about the breakdown between commodities, like strictly raw materials inflation, deflation to that line versus the FX piece of it? And was FX transaction a positive this quarter? Is that a big part of why the swing went positive?
Ian Cook: Again, Chris, I'm not sure I want to get into that level of detail. I think you could say from a macro point of view that material cost in and of themselves were a favorability in the first quarter and as we look to the balance of the year, the material prices themselves, we expect in some key raw material categories are going to go up. That is built into our forecasting. And also we have the obvious transaction drag from Venezuela, which is a component as well. So fuel costs are going to start -- raw material costs are going to start going up over the balance of the year.
Christopher Ferrara - BofA Merrill Lynch: And where does the Venezuelan hit come into play in the margin drag? Is there a hit in the raw material side from a change in parallel rate and how things are trending in Venezuela right now? Is that incorporated into that raw materials break out?
Ian Cook: It's in raw materials. It's in cost, it's in margin.
Operator: And we'll go next to Caroline Levy with CLSA.
Caroline Levy - CLSA: I'm not sure if you mentioned mix, either geographical product mix and the impact on the top line. And then the other is around your dividend handout strategy going forward. Taxes on dividends are going to be going up very dramatically next year. And is there something you're discussing in terms of looking at the balance between share repurchase and dividend?
Ian Cook: Well, Caroline, we just discussed on the latter point, we discussed that all the time. We having just announced the 20% healthy dividend increase this year. We haven't yet turned out planning to what we will decide to do, assuming continues healthy cash generation for next year. But obviously, we would take that into consideration and put them in rediscussions, have already started on it. In terms of mix, I think I said earlier that our Oral Care business was up, outpacing our Personal and Home Care businesses, double-digit organic growth there compared to mid-single digits on the other two businesses. But we don't tend to go beyond that.
Caroline Levy - CLSA: So geography, you wouldn't comment on what the impact of mix was geographically?
Ian Cook: Yes, pricing is in volume. So we have a dollar weighted pricing, yes. And mix is in pricing in our case.
Operator: And we'll take our final question from Linda Bolton Weiser with Caris.
Linda Weiser - Caris & Company: Just another question on Latin America and the pricing, I guess last quarter, in the fourth quarter, it was 12% positive and it was 6.5% this quarter. What is the reason for that? Is it just the general competitive situation or what exactly?
Ian Cook: It's less Venezuela in the mix. The pricing towards the end of last year was very much driven by Venezuela. Thank you very much for being on. Thank you very much for your questions. Thanks to all the Colgate people around the world for the hard work. And we look forward to reconnecting after the second quarter. Goodbye.
Operator: Again, that does conclude today's presentation. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-01-28 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Bina Thompson - VP, Investor Relations Ian Cook - Chairman, President, and CEO
Analysts: Joe Altobello - Oppenheimer and Company Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Ali Dibadj - Bernstein Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets Chris Ferrara - Bank of America John Faucher - JPMorgan Alice Longley - Buckingham Research Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets Bill Chappell - Suntrust Alec Patterson - RCM Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs Doug Lane - Jefferies Linda Bolton-Weiser - Caris
Operator: Good day and welcome to todays Colgate-Palmolive company fourth quarter year-end 2009 earnings conference call. Todays call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgate.com. Just as a reminder, there maybe a slight delay before the question-and-answer session begins, due to the web simulcast. At this time, for opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson. Please go ahead, maam.
Bina Thompson: Thank you, Bernice, and good morning everybody and welcome to our fourth quarter earnings release conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, Chairman, President, and CEO; Steve Patrick, CFO; Dennis Hickey, Corporate Controller; and, Elaine Paik, who has been elected Treasurer, effective February 1. This conference call will include forward-looking statements. And these statements are made on the basis of our views and assumptions as of this time, and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual events or results may differ materially from these statements. For information about certain factors that could cause such differences, investors should consult our annual report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on our website, including the information set forth under the captions, Risk Factors and Cautionary Statements on Forward-Looking Statements. We will discuss our results excluding charges relating to the 2004 restructuring program, which was completed in 2008. And a full reconciliation with the corresponding GAAP measures is included in the press release and is posted on the Investor Relations page of our website at www.colgate.com. And of course we'll be glad to answer any questions you may have including or excluding these items, as you wish. We are delighted with our fourth quarter results, an excellent finish to a year which had seen momentum building through the previous three quarters. Our financial strategy with which you are all familiar continues to be effective. We were particularly pleased with our volume growth of 3% and our gross margin increase of 320 basis points. As we told you at the beginning of the year, we approached 2009 cautiously as there were so many uncertainties from a global macroeconomic perspective. We said that the balance between volume and price would shift as the year unfolded and that indeed has been the case. In addition we said that the rate of increase in our advertising spending would improve each quarter and that has happened as well. Our fourth quarter increase of 18% was a healthy one, particularly as we continued to benefit from reduced media costs in many parts of the world. Our tax rate in the quarter of 32.6 % was somewhat higher than our previous guidance due to an increase in remittances from our overseas subsidiaries. Despite that our EPS increased to 21%, well ahead of consensus. In addition to a healthy income statement our balance sheet is very strong as well. Our operating cash flow was excellent, up 42%, which should enable us to fund increased dividends and stock repurchases. Both receivables and inventory days outstanding have declined resulting in our working capital being at a minus 0.4% of sales, the first time we have seen such a low working capital on a worldwide basis and our return on capital also reached a record 39.1%. As we look out into this year there are signs that the macroeconomic situation is improving around the world. Happily, we have a robust pipeline of new products which should help continue our volume and share growth momentum. And in the developing markets such as Latin America and Asia, our strategy of offering good value at every price point should help continue to fuel growth there. I would just like to spend a moment on Venezuela. As you know, the Venezuelan currency devalued early this year. Colgate people, who have extensive experience in managing in high inflation economies, minimized the impact and we have confidence in our ability to manage it effectively going forward. While difficult to estimate precisely, we currently anticipate, the impact of the Venezuelan devaluation will be at a net reduction in 2010 earnings per share of $0.06 to $0.10. This includes a negative $0.16 to $0.24 from translation, a positive $0.05 to $0.08 from lower taxes on accrued but unpaid remittances and a positive $0.03 to $0.05 from revaluation of the local balance sheet. The company continues to believe our strong top and bottom line momentum should continue which bodes well for another year of double-digit earnings per share growth in 2010. Now, before I turn to the divisions for a more in-depth look at our results I also wanted to share with you another step in our management development process which realigns responsibilities among several senior managers effective as of February 1. As has always been the case in the past, our goal is to ensure that Colgates talented senior management team can bring their deep knowledge and experience to all aspects of Colgates global operations and key business functions. New oversight responsibilities are: Michael Tangney: Hills Pet Nutrition and Colgates South Pacific businesses, and strategic direction of our important Global Shopper Marketing initiative. Fabian Garcia: European division and strategic leadership for Colgates commercial groups: Global Marketing, Customer Development, Supply Chain and Technology. Franck Moison: Emerging markets, Greater Asia, Latin America and Africa/MiddleEast divisions. In addition Derrick Samuel will assume operating responsibility for Colgates businesses in Greater Asia. Justin Skala will assume operating responsibility for the Latin American division. Noel Wallace will continue to lead Colgates US business and will assume operating responsibility for Colgates businesses in Canada and the Caribbean. Noel will also provide business leadership for our Global Sustainability strategy. So now lets turn to the divisions starting with North America. We are very pleased with the 5.5% volume growth in North America. This is the highest level of growth in 11 quarters and is accompanied by good share performance. Operating profit was strong as well, as it has been through 2009, as the US was the first to benefit from some of the decline in raw material prices after enduring record highs in 2008. Our market shares are strong and a number of the new products which we told you about previously continue to help drive the business. Our Colgate 360 Actiflex toothbrush has added market share to the 360 franchise which is up almost a full point quarter-over-quarter. The consumer response to Colgate Wisp continued to be overwhelmingly positive in the 4th quarter. Our full year share is at 5% but jumped to 6.8% in the month of December. Turning to personal care, our bodywash share is up a full point year-over-year largely owing to the reinvention this year of the Softsoap Bodywash bundle along with the introduction of Softsoap Nutri Serums. Softsoap now is the fastest growing body wash in the United States. As in 2009, our new product pipeline for 2010 is full. Let me share a few new product highlights with you. In the oral care category we are launching My First Colgate Infant & Toddler Toothpaste, a new line of toothpaste with a non-foaming fluoride-free formula that is safe if swallowed. It has a no mess dispenser and can be used along with the companion My First Colgate toothbrush. For the slightly older child we will be launching a Bakugan line of toothpaste and toothbrushes, both manual and powered. According to the Toy Industry Association, Bakugan is the number 1 overall toy in the US, with viewership of almost 3 million boys ages 6 to 11 on the Cartoon Network. Another exciting toothpaste initiative is targeted at the adult Hispanic market, Colgate Triple Action. As you know, our shares here in the US are higher in the Hispanic market, at over 50%, as a result of our very high share for Colgate toothpaste across Latin America and specifically Mexico. Colgate Triple Action offers cavity protection, whiter teeth and fresh breath at an attractive price point. In Latin America, Triple Action has a 15 share across the region and a 26 share in Mexico, up 4 points from the prior period. In the body wash category, building on our successful new product launches in 2009, we will be launching Softsoap Body Butter Mega Moisture Bodywash. This provides the benefit of long-lasting moisturization with moisture-locking ingredients in a rich, thick formula. And in deodorants we are launching an innovative new product, Mennen Speedstick and Lady Speedstick Stainguard. This patent-pending formula is designed to fight yellow stains on shirts, while providing strong odor and wetness protection. As you would expect, we will be launching a comprehensive integrated marketing campaign including sampling and a co-promotion with Hanes t-shirts. You will hear about some other exciting innovations as we go through the year. So, looking forward, we expect volume in North America to increase low to mid-single digit for the first quarter and full year. Operating profit should be up double digit in the first quarter and high single digit for the full year, up absolutely and as a percent to sales for both periods. Turning then to Europe and South Pacific. We were pleased with another quarter of volume growth in Europe following the third quarter volume increase. For the first time in six quarters we saw a GDP growth in the Euro zone, an encouraging sign. And of particular note was good volume growth in three of our four largest markets, France, UK and Italy, with the fourth, Germany, being essentially even with the year ago period. As referenced in the press release, we launched a number of new products across categories in Europe. One of the most significant ones is Colgate Sensitive Pro Relief toothpaste which has met with very good success both with the dentists and our consumers. Launched in late September in the UK, Colgate Sensitive Pro Relief toothpaste has almost a 3% share in that market and has helped to drive our overall UK Colgate share to almost 50%. New product launches are continuing into 2010. In the personal care area we are very excited about our new bodywash line, Palmolive Nutra Fruit. This is our first offering in the premium segment. The product combines exclusive pleasurable fragrances and moisturizing skin care formulas. The unique concept of a swirly shower cream has tested well with consumers and initial orders are significantly above forecast. An exciting new product in home care is Ajax Bucket Dilutable Cleaner in packaging which is more respectful of the environment. Made of PET technology as opposed to PE technology the product will have a more modern look and feel with a new bottle designed by ergonomic experts. It's lighter than current PE bottles using 60% of recycled PET and is still 100% recyclable. So looking ahead, volume in Europe is expected to increase low to mid- single digit for the first quarter and full year and operating profit is expected to be up double-digit for the first quarter and full year, up absolutely and as a percent of sales for both periods. In Latin America, the good momentum we have been experiencing in this division throughout 2009 continued in the fourth quarter with excellent volume and record sales and profits. And as referenced in the press release, our toothpaste market shares continue to grow. Interestingly, even in the face of somewhat more challenging economic times, shares of Colgate Total, our premium priced toothpaste, increased almost 2.5 points across the region with gains of 3.5 and 4.5 points in Brazil and Venezuela, respectively. In Mexico, our share is up year over year to 85.6% despite some increased promotional activity on the part of competition. And similarly, in toothbrushes, we have gained market share despite aggressive competitive activity. Our regional market share is now 7 points ahead of the nearest competitor having been at parity in 2006. Another good success for us has been mouthwash, where we have nearly doubled our share in three years. Our regional share is at 27.6, up 280 basis points from the year ago period, with our most recent share reading at 28.7. Enhanced in-store activity as well as increased media has helped drive our share. In Brazil, where we are competing head-to-head for market leadership, we are in the number one position on a year-to-date basis. Two strong new product launches, Colgate Plax Complete Care and Colgate Plax Sensitive, have contributed to this success. Our market shares increased in bar soaps as well where we now hold the number one and two brand positions, Protex followed by Palmolive. Protex surpassed Palmolive as a result not only as successful new product introductions but also the implementation of a hand washing campaign, made particularly relevant by the recent concerns over H1N1 and overall good hygiene. So Looking ahead, volume in Latin America is expected to grow mid-single digit for the first quarter and full year. Operating profit is expected to be even with last years high level for the first quarter and up mid-single digit for the full year, up absolutely and as a percent to sales. Turning then to Greater Asia/Africa. As you have seen, Greater Asia/Africa experienced a very healthy volume rebound in the fourth quarter with strength across the region. Our toothpaste share in China was up 70 basis points on a year-to-date basis. We marked a milestone in the Philippines where our toothpaste share reached an all-time high of 55% in the most recent period with our year-to-date share up 240 basis points to 53.5%. In Russia our toothpaste share grew 60 basis points to 33%. You may remember we launched GABAs brand Elmex in Russia and that is going very well. Our scientific affairs managers have now visited all target universities and key opinion leaders. And as a result we grew our brand recommendations in Russia from 15% to 24% and are now the number one company recommended most often with the combined Colgate and Elmex brands. Our market shares for Elmex are growing in both toothpaste and toothbrushes and we have some strong plans with pharmacies across the country to further grow the business in 2010. Another important launch for us was Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief toothpaste which we launched in Singapore in September. And since we told you about it, our results have continued to improve. Selling now in Singapore, Hong Kong, Taiwan and Turkey, share gains have been incremental to our overall share in all those markets. Our toothbrush shares were up in India and Russia with Russia achieving over 50% in the most recent period. Mouthwash has been another success story. Our year-to-date share is at 12% with the most recent reading at 14.5%. Two exciting new markets for us are China and Russia where we have launched in key cities and the modern trade and have achieved over 30% share in both cases. So looking ahead, volume in Greater Asia/Africa is expected to grow high single digit for the first quarter and full-year with operating profit growing double digit for the first quarter and full year, up absolutely and as a percent to sales. And finally Hill's. As you know, this is our one business which has been disproportionately affected by the recessionary economies here in the U.S. and in Europe and Japan. While consumers and veterinarians alike have always recognized the value of Hills premium priced pet foods which offer documented superior nutrition, a series of price increases which we took beginning in 2008 and through early in 2009 to offset very sudden increases in commodity costs resulted in the price gap between Hills and our competition just being too wide. Starting in September 2009, we began to take actions to correct this. Starting with the puppy/kitten segment, a key entry point into the pet food category, we implemented a permanent price reduction. In addition, in the fourth quarter, we offered a bonus bag promotion coupled with messaging on nutritional superiority. Starting this year, we have taken pricing actions globally, with instore and media communication focused on Feed the Best for Less/New Lower Price/Same Superior Nutrition. While it is still early, we have seen evidence in some of our large format retailers that consumption is increasing. And importantly, our veterinary endorsement remains high and the gap between us and our nearest competitor is as wide as it has always been. We are also very encouraged by two new products which will be launching this year. The first is a dry wellness food for small and toy breed dogs under the Science Diet brand. Science Diet already over indexes against these dogs who have longer life expectancies than other breeds and eat more treats and wet food than the average dog. Small and toy breed dogs account for 40% of all dogs and are the fastest growing category, offering a good opportunity for Hills. A second new product in the U.S. and Canada is in the Prescription Diet line, j/d Feline. This is the first therapeutic pet food clinically proven to help cats be more active in 28 days. j/d Feline addresses the high incidence of arthritis in older cats. Because there are no long term FDA approved medications for the treatment of feline arthritis, j/d Feline is an excellent tool veterinarians can trust to help their feline patients maintain joint cartilage and improve their mobility. So looking ahead, Hills volume is expected to decline modestly in the first quarter but should be up modestly for the full year. Operating profit is expected to grow low single digit for the first quarter and should be up high single digit for the full year, up absolutely and as a percent to sales. So to summarize, we are extremely pleased with the way that we finished the year 2009. Colgate people around the world are all focused on our strategies and priorities thereby delivering consistent strong results even in the face of worldwide macroeconomic challenges. We expect this momentum to continue into 2010 and look forward to sharing our progress with you as we go throughout the year. And now Bernice, I'm finished with my commentary. I would like to open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Today's question and answer session will be conducted electronically for the telephone audience. (Operator Instructions). We'll pause briefly to compile the Q and A roster. The first question from the line of Joe Altobello with Oppenheimer and Company.
Joe Altobello - Oppenheimer and Company: Thanks, good morning, actually just two quick ones. First If you could just go into the issues at health, at health a little bit better more and obviously we are looking for a little bit better volumes there. We're testing a little bit on the prepared remarks but I was hoping for a little color there. And then secondly as you look into 2010, the gross margin side, you guys have typically put an evergreen target of up 75 to 125 bps and it sounds like you're sort of backing that as well. Although you start to lose some of the impacts of pricing and I would imagine that commodity costs become a bit of a head wind next year, so if you could comment on that as well. Thanks.
Ian Cook: Joe, good morning, it's Ian. Let me start with Hill's and try to put little bit more color, as you say, on the remarks that Bina already made. Clearly, we have understood the need to make pricing and as we've said before, some sizing adjustments to reestablish Hill's competitiveness with other premium pet nutrition brands, and we began that process in the second half of last year. Principally in the fourth quarter with light pricing here in the United States on key SKUs, and some right- sizing on the most important market entry SKUs in the puppy and kitten areas. Those programs continue into 2010. We now have effective the right pricing across all of the line here in the United States, and we'll have the right sizing in place across the SKUs to be right sized by the beginning of the second quarter and that is what will also in Europe. As Bina said, our recommendation level has been strong. When we see the right sizing and right pricing at shelf, we have seen a response in terms of consumption up take in our leading retail accounts. And what we are seeing at the beginning of this year is an acceleration of the pace of consumption of take after the pricing action has hit the shelf. So we're confident that we have the right strategy being deployed and encouraged by the initial response. We do, as shipments, take time to catch up to consumption expect to see a modest volume decline in the first quarter as Bina said, but that will turn as the year progresses and then that is a modest positive. If I move from Hill's to gross margin, you will remember, Joe, that we said this was a very important part of our strategy for 2009, and as you have seen now with our most recent quarter results, we have brought the gross margin back to 59. 5%. You're right, we tend to focus on evergreen goals in the context of our strategic planning and the way I would categorize 2010 is that we see our gross margin around the 60% level for 2010 and our [goaling] a mid- 60s gross margin over our next strategic planning period of 5 years to 6 years. So that's the way we're look at gross margin, Joe.
Joe Altobello - Oppenheimer and Company: Next year or 2010 is primarily coming from the top line, not necessarily the further gross margin expansion on the order of 200 pays points?
Ian Cook: I was focusing on gross margin. What I was saying, Joe, is that the gross margin increase, we expect to be around that 60% area coming from some rollover benefit of pricing and obviously our funding the growth Colgate business planning and other efficiency and savings programs.
Operator: The next question comes from Bill Schmitz with Deutsche Bank.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Can you tell us what the advertising and promotion ratio was for the full year, as a percentage of sales and then any guidance on what you think it could be for next year?
Ian Cook: The (inaudible) ratio for this year 2009 was around 10%. And our projection for 2010 sees us increasing both in the absolute and as a percentage to sales.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Okay, great, and this might be a totally stupid question, but when you talk about double-digit growth next year, does that exclude or include the gain on Venezuela, so the first quarter gain that you're going to book from the taxes and then balance sheet changes?
Ian Cook: Yeah, Bina maybe you came on the call late Bill. Bina made some comment of that in her prepared remarks. Let me take a step back and put the answer in perhaps a broader historical and strategic context. You know that we have had over the year's considerable experience in Latin America in dealing with devaluations in a high inflationary environments. Our approach to dealing with it has always been on a net basis, and the way we worked with our folk in Venezuela and the Latin American division was to prepare the Venezuelan company to deal with the devaluation both from a balance sheet point of view and an operational point of view as cleanly as possible and that you see reflected in the net position that we are taking. While I say that, Bill, let me offer another couple of data points. Bina talked about the tax and the balance sheet pickup in the first quarter. I would point out that from a tax point of view, that will see our tax rate in the first quarter from an overall corporate point of view running at about 24% to 25% and the full year impact of that will be to see our tax rate running at between 30. 5% and 31. 5% because of the timing of the events.
Operator: We'll be next to Ollie Debash with Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Bernstein : Just to follow that train of thought a little bit, and then a follow-up to it, if one were to just exclude Venezuela completely, do you still think it is double digit growth? I'm trying to get an understanding of how to think of Venezuela going forward in your guidance.
Ian Cook: Your question Ali is if we were to exclude Venezuela completely?
Ali Dibadj - Bernstein : Yes, the positive and negatives. Is it double digit EPS growth as you would have expected?
Ian Cook: Yes.
Ali Dibadj - Bernstein : Okay. And what about FX? Non-Venezuela FX?
Ian Cook: The FX for the year.
Ali Dibadj - Bernstein : Going forward, yes.
Ian Cook: I'm going to get it for you. What's baked into our planning for 2010 is an FX overall of flat to slightly negative, and positively in the first quarter.
Ali Dibadj - Bernstein: So still double digits how we should think about it, excluding the benefit from Venezuela and the hit there in FX. The next part of my question just been trying to understand a little bit more about the competitive environment. We have the Latin America, we've got a volume number, we didn't get an organic sales number, So I'm trying to understand that in the light of just hearing a few moments ago from one of your competitors that share in Brazil pharmacy is 20%, growing tremendously in many their new entrants, growing similarly in the Benelux with the launch there in China as well. So I'm just trying to understand competitive environment and this mix between pricing and volume going forward. First up the Latin America, but then beyond if you could please.
Ian Cook: Let me start with Latin America. And you raised organic, so let me answer the question using that as a measuring point. The organic growth that we experienced in Latin America was in the mid- teens in Latin America for the fourth quarter. We expect that our organic growth in Latin America going forward will likewise be in the mid- teens, and of course, there is a little bit of effect from pricing given the pricing action consistent with the devaluation that will be taken in Venezuela, but we expect our volumes to be in the same mid-single digit area it was in the fourth quarter. Now, if I take a step back still on Latin America, and talk about competitive activity, you mentioned the pharmacy share in Brazil, I would comment that if we look at Brazil, our overall market share for the year, nationally, was running at around 70%. In fact in December, it was up to over 71% when we look at our share in pharmacy, it's essentially flat year-on-year, and the independent Nielsen data I'm looking at says that the competitive share which is the Oral- B toothpaste brand is running at a 5% market share in pharmacy nationally, with pharmacy nationally in Brazil as we have said before at about 12% to 13% of the total category. Interestingly, I would comment that pharmacy in Brazil accounts for 50% of the consumer purchases of toothpastes that fight sensitivity and we have just introduced our Colgate Sensitive Pro Relief toothpaste which provides instant and long- lasting relief superior to what is currently available in the marketplace and, of course, we have pretty high expectations for that. So for us, nothing material has changed with the share profile in Brazil. What we see in Benelux is a light, mid-single digit share from Oral- B in toothpaste and a Colgate share that is essentially flat year on year. Benelux with no disrespect, there is obviously a slightly smaller geography than Brazil, but that's the status there, and as for China, our market share on toothpaste as has been commented is actually up to nearly 32% and our lead market national competitor is down in market share in that country, so as we have said before on these kind of calls, whilst we take nothing casually, we believe we have appropriate plans to meets in market events whether it be Brazil, Benelux or China.
Ali Dibadj - Bernstein: Thank you very much for going around the horn. One thing you said just maybe to cap up, Latin America specific price versus volume, particularly in the context of in the prepared remarks, operating profit being flat with last year, just some more clarity there would be great, please, thank you again.
Ian Cook: Venezuela is the answer to your second point. But in terms of Latin America overall, as I say, we've got volume running about mid- single digits for next year, and is the [SBI] running at about mid to high single digits.
Operator: We'll go next to Lauren Lieberman with Barclays Capital.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: My question is actually about the sustainability of pricing broadly speaking in emerging markets. This one thing I've been thinking about is the historically, when Colgate has raised prices in response to changes in currency fluctuations in emerging markets with your strong market shares, the pricing sticks long after currencies change course, and what that means for long- term profitability in those markets. Can you just talk a little bit about that?
Ian Cook: Our philosophy on pricing comes from two perspectives. One is the economic reality of offsetting transaction impacts for Forex or commodity costs, market-by-market. And the seconds is managing your pricing to a stated pricing strategy against key reference brands, and that is the balance that you are always seeking to manage, as we look at the way we have structured our 2010 operating plan, we don't foresee new pricing in emerging markets in 2010. In other words, we are simply maintaining the rollover benefit of actions taken in 2009 with the exception of the pricing that will be taken in Venezuela to offset the transaction impact of the devaluation there from an operating point of view. So that's our general approach to 2010, Lauren.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: The estimate that you have given, the $0.16 to $0.24, does that include the benefit from any pricing you may still take in Venezuela, or is that not yet in part of that guidance?
Ian Cook: It is all in that, Lauren, so it includes the actions that we plan to take.
Operator: We'll go next to Jason Gere with RBC Capital Markets.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets: Can you just talk about the pricing environment in the US, and two quarters in a row, weve seen some negative pricing. I know last quarter; you were talking about building some trial. Is that still the case? Is it just trade spendings increasing, and just on that point, what's your outlook for 2010 on that note?
Ian Cook: The headline would be that it is a combination in North America of a couple of things. It is a continuation of trial building behind new products, and there is a component back to my comment about offsetting costs and maintaining pricing strategy. There is a component in the fourth quarter of some localized response to competitive promotional activity. On balance, the way we look at 2010 is that pricing will be basically flat year-on-year. Jason, even with that approach in the US, the US is very much leading in terms of its recovery of gross margin in the fourth quarter, so the income statement structure worked out quite well.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets: Just in your response to an earlier question on the A&P spending. In this quarter we did see a 50 basis point increase. Is that generally the range that we should anticipate for next year or something greater just with the pipeline of innovation?
Ian Cook: I would say without getting pinned to a specific point in time number, that that would be a fair assumption. It's going to be up in the absolute, it's going to be up as a ratio, and that ratio will certainly be 50 basis points up year-on-year if not slightly better than that.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets: Could you breakdown the gross margin components as you usually do every quarter?
Ian Cook: So if we compare the fourth quarter of this year with the fourth quarter of prior year, prior year fourth quarter gross margin was 56.3. The pricing in this fourth quarter, 2009, added 1.4 points, a 140 basis points. Obviously nothing from the restructuring. Our funding the growth savings delivered a healthy 2.2 points, 220 basis points, the same as the third quarter. Material prices were again less negative minus 50 basis points in the fourth quarter and then there was a 0.1 mix divestment et cetera change leading you to the 59.5 or the 320 basis points increase.
Operator: We'll go next to Chris Ferrara with Bank of America.
Chris Ferrara - Bank of America: Can we talk about the material side on what you just said the negative 50 basis points, I know that includes currency, but can you talk about just currency. What's the currency impact ex-Venezuela to gross margin right now? And how will that flow? Will it get positive in early 2010 and then swing back to negative again by the end of 2010 based on where spot rates are right now?
Ian Cook: I don't have that level of detail in front of me, Chris, and I'm not sure I'd want to go there anyway. I guess the way we're looking at the year going forward by which I mean 2010, we're running oil baked into cost assumptions of around $75 a barrel. We obviously have that funding the gross savings on the margin line. We think material costs, which is a combination of everything, is estimated to increase between 1% and 2% overall year-on-year, and that with a combination of all we feel quite comfortable with that around 60% gross margin estimate for the year.
Chris Ferrara - Bank of America: Can you talk a little bit about mix because you guys, big mix into volume which some of your competitors break it up? Can you give a sense for how mix has gone? How has trade up trended across the oral care portfolio? If you had view on the overall company that's great, but if not, just say the US and Latin America specifically, are you seeing trade up to Colgate Total and other premium products accelerate, decelerate or neither?
Ian Cook: We don't break that out, Chris; we give a dollar-weighted volume. Let me give you one example from Latin America which might capture, my general response would be as we deliver and convince the consumer we're delivering increased value, they are prepared to pay a higher price. We see that in the early days of Pro-Relief, and the example I was going to give you is Total in Brazil which has continued to increase market share finishing the year at around $0.19 a share, notwithstanding the environment we've been working our way through. So I think if one offers the consumer value, and convinces the consumer as to that value, and in the case of total professional recommendation helps, the consumer continues to move what they see as a better value even if it carries a higher price.
Operator: We will go next to John Faucher with JPMorgan.
John Faucher - JPMorgan: A follow up on Chris's question, is it safe to say that we are just simply not going to see raw materials end up as a benefit to gross margin. If I look at raw materials moving up next year, so we are not going to get that big windfall it seems like and then the second question totally unrelated. You've talked a lot about the competitive activity in oral care what are you seeing in terms of competitive activity on the household side? Is that heating up dramatically around the globe?
Ian Cook: Yes, if I talk about material prices, as I said earlier, John, we're seeing at least thus far our estimate is that our material costs will be up year-on-year between a point and two points which will be a negative pressure on the gross margins. So our gross margin improvement in 2010, this year, will be funding the growth savings programs and the rollover benefits we get on pricing. Remember, on the material side also, we're facing the transaction impact of Venezuela in 2010 as well. So no big favorables just in terms of base commodity pricing. If I move to the categories, we have seen less competitive activity in the personal care categories and we have seen more observable competitive activity in what you may call the higher volume household care businesses which would be heavy duty detergents, which we really aren't a player in, but based on the data we see, we have seen some step up in promotional activity there. If you focus on our HDD businesses, which largely around the world are cleaners and fabric softeners. In fact, our fourth quarter volume movement in those categories is higher than the year to-date average. So we have picked up acceleration in our HP household products categories and when I look at the gross margins have materially increased, gross margins across the board. So yes, some step-up in promotional activity in volume-related categories. A clear focus on HDDs, less that is impeding us on dish and fabric softener so far.
Operator: We'll go next to Alice Longley with Buckingham Research.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: A question in line with some that have been asked earlier, if I look at the layout of the year, the first quarter looks like its up a lot because currency is most favorable and then you get the gain in Venezuela, do you think EPS can be up double digits for the quarters after the first quarter?
Ian Cook: The EPS will be up for the year, double digit and as you rightly say, Alice, the first quarter will be higher than that because of the effects previously discussed. Double digit for the year is what we're guiding.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: But is it likely to be single digit on the later three quarters?
Ian Cook: Probably so, but marginally.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: Okay, high single digits then? And then when you go out to 2011 and as Venezuela is no longer hurting you as I guess it will be in the later three quarters, but youve got that big gain, do you think you have EPS up double digits in 2011 given that comp against the gain?
Ian Cook: We'll talk about that later in the year, Alice. We're focused right now on executing our plan in Venezuela and getting as much on the ground clarity as we can, but you know well that our start point thinking is to deliver that double-digit EPS which will be our start point thinking for 2011, but let's come back to that as the year unfolds.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: All right and then you've given us some guidance for volume for the different sectors. Can you give us some summary comment on what you see volume for the year putting all the sectors together and also pricing, so we can see why you are looking for organic growth company wide?
Ian Cook: Let's talk about that very specifically. If you take the total company, Alice, we're looking at mid single digit volume. That's for the corporation worldwide and from a pricing point of view, we're looking at 2.5% to 3.5% on pricing and then that gets you to the organic of between 6% and 8%.
Operator: We'll go next to Connie Maneaty with BMO Capital Markets.
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets: I have some questions on Venezuela. A lot of companies that have reported or commented so far have said they are going to use the parallel rate because they haven't seen any evidence that business can actually be conducted at the 4.3 rate, and I think that's the rate that you're using. Are you actually conducting business at that rate?
Ian Cook: No. Interestingly, we just today, we're back up. You know they devalued to a 4.30 and then a preferential of 2.60 and the parallel hovers around 6, depending on the day of the week. We found interestingly as the details of the various rates came out, that most of our products were on the preferential rate, and we just learned this morning that we had some funds released at the preferential rate for us, in other words, the 2.6. From a translation point of view, we will be translating at the official rate of 4.30 and as an operating matter, if the early indications that we will indeed get funds at the preferential rate for our products is sustained, that would simply mean we would take less pricing in order to offset the transaction impact of that versus the 2.15, so that's where we are today.
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets: That's really interesting. In 2009, it seemed to me that the first time you reported out transaction expense price in Venezuela within the third quarter. At that point, it seems that there was an official rate of 2.15 and a parallel rate, were you conducting business back then at the parallel rate. First of all, were you conducting business back then at the parallel rate and were you hit with transaction costs in the first half that were just not reported out or do we start to get more transaction in the first half of 2010 than in 2009?
Ian Cook: Obviously, there's a pre-hyper and devaluation, and then there's a post. We were operating our business in 2009 which the devaluation and indeed the hyperinflationary designation had nothing to do with. So there was only one official rate which was the 2.15 rate and we operated our business primarily at the 2.15 rate and again, given our now 2.60 designation that may well be because our products were essential in that marketplace. We did have some non-qualified purchases at the parallel rate because there was no other rate between the official and the parallel and that's what we reported in the third and fourth quarters at similar levels in the back half of 2009. So now you come into 2010, and as I say, early indications are that from a transactional point of view, the materials should be at 2.60 from a translation point of view, there is clarity that the translation will be at 4.30, and that's how we are approaching 2010.
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets: So that means in the first half of 2010, the transactions are now recurring at 2.60 versus 2.15, but in the second half if your preferential rate holds, 2.60 compares to the [6]. Is that right?
Ian Cook: No, because a large part of the business we managed in the second half of 2009 were still at the 2.15. We simply had some non-qualified purchases at the parallel rate, which we called out in the third and fourth quarter.
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets: As Venezuela was doubling in size because of inflation over three years, what was the EPS contribution in 2007, 2008 and 2009?
Ian Cook: We don't pull that, what I would tell you Connie, going forward to the question somebody else asked that our estimates for growth in Latin America, even including the re-based Venezuela is a 5% volume growth and that 6% to 8% organic growth with the favorable exchange making the difference. So, we will continue to deliver at very healthy rates in Latin America.
Operator: We'll go next to Bill Chappell with Suntrust.
Bill Chappell - Suntrust: Just a quick one on the new product launches for this year. How does that compare in terms of numbers or impact versus 2009? Are there any particular ones you expect to move the needle? And then how will the rollout this year be pretty similar to what you saw last year in terms of timing?
Ian Cook: The answer is without sounding glib, the new product profile for this year is good. In fact, the contribution to same-year sales of new products last year were slightly higher than our historical average, pleasing. And we will have a similar if not slightly better profile for 2010. I think it's never wise to call out, the so-called needle moving events. We believe in a steady flow of good innovation that fits consumer's behavior at price points they see a value in and thats what you can expect from us in 2010. If I were to call on one, it would be Sensitive Pro-Relief toothpaste. Why? Because it's a $1 billion global segment. Why? Because the product offers instant and long-lasting relief at levels superior to currently available in the market place, and if you have pain you want to get rid of it. Our initial in-market results have been quite positive. Low single digit share increases, incremental to our Sensitive offerings, and largely increment to our overall Colgate share give us encouragement, we release it's a journey, but it is a journey we are all committed to. So if I was to highlight one it would be that one because of its strategic value over the long-term. Beyond that, you can expect a good, steady stream of innovation across all of their categories and at all price points to make sure we service all consumers around the world.
Bill Chappell - Suntrust: I would assume the Sensitive product would be a big driver on the price mix side for 2010
Ian Cook: Depending on the share progress we make there's no question it is an accretive business.
Operator: We will go next to Alec Patterson with RCM.
Alec Patterson - RCM: Just, I guess I do want to try and understand the flow of the questions surrounding the materials impact and transactional impact a little better, and I guess you've referenced how raw materials have actually been a year-over-year benefit in recent quarters in the US, so and the economies were obviously it's dollar based, there has been a benefit, and the offset globally has been the currency impact. Is that a fair assessment of what's happened?
Ian Cook: In general terms, Alec, yes.
Alec Patterson - RCM: So I guess I'm trying to understand in the fourth quarter where currency was actually a benefit, I would have thought the underlying raw material trend in dollars would still be relatively beneficial what am I missing in that equation?
Ian Cook: If you track the year, and I'm sure you have it in front of you, when we talk the gross profit impact as a negative, you see material prices as a negative moving from negative 350 basis points in the first quarter of 2009 to negative 50 basis points in the fourth quarter of this year. Now, overall, while we're getting favorability, there is a little bit of Venezuela, certainly in 2010, where we are talking about materials up between 1% and 2%, and we have seen some of the food [stocks] on the Hill's side go up and down but if we want to get into a lot more details, we'll have to take that offline.
Alec Patterson - RCM: Okay. Sure we'll take it offline. Let me just then swing over to the Hill's business. I thought in your discussion about how you're doing the right pricing, there was a comment along the lines of pricing is down in a lot of key categories volume is improving, but there was something along the lines of the price gap is not where you want it. I'm sorry, could you refresh that comment?
Ian Cook: If that was the take-away, then that was either the wrong comment or I wasn't clear. The steps we took in stages, I guess the bottom-line is the progress we have been making particularly from the fourth quarter into this quarter and into the second quarter has been to get the on-shelf pricing and then through the right sizing, the pricing and value relationship correct with other premium brands. So in the fourth quarter, we did that across some of the key SKUs, but not the entire business, and the only point I was trying to make is the right pricing in the U.S. is now in place across all of the business and by the beginning of the second quarter, the right sizing will be in place as well.
Alec Patterson - RCM: The price gap versus those key competitive sets, are they where you want them to be?
Ian Cook: Yes, they are.
Alec Patterson - RCM: Okay. And then just you talked about even margins improving as soon as the first quarter, should I presume that's being said by still a beneficial raw material environment given the pricing action?
Ian Cook: I would say yes. We are looking at continued modest gross margin improvement, quarter-on-quarter. Yes.
Operator: We'll can next to Andrew Sawyer with Goldman Sachs.
Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs: Yes, sure, I have just one quick one. Can you just give us some context on when you expect Sensitive Relief to get approved into the US, and then, we've seen a lot of market share progress out of Sensodyne from Glaxo. How would you guys be positioned differently than that if you do enter this market?
Ian Cook: Let me take a little bit of a step back. Obviously we have started our global expansion with Pro Sensitive. By the third quarter of this year, we will be in markets that account for about three quarters of sensitivity of the sensitivity category around the world, which you could read as a proxy for Sensodyne in terms of their business spread. Right now, the our Sensitivity Pro Relief product is under review with the FDA and I don't care to comment nor would I wish to try and predict the outcome of that, but discussions are underway and obviously when there is any news, we will make the appropriate announcement. As I had said before the Pro Relief product driven by a patented technology offers when applied topically instant relief from sensitivity and then off course with regular brushing, provides sustained relief and clinical data which we have taken to Academia and dental professionals validates that so our differentiation as we have introduced the product around the world is this combination of instant and long- lasting relief.
Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs: If you look at the third and fourth quarter, you guys absorbed about $0.05 or $0.06 per hit per quarter for Venezuela on transactional stuff. But the $0.05 quarter and $0.20 for the full year for next year translationally is entirely incremental for that?
Ian Cook: It's year on year incremental, yes.
Operator: We'll go next to Doug Lane with Jefferies.
Doug Lane - Jefferies: Can you talk about, how should we think about dividends and stock buy back in 2010?
Ian Cook: I think as Bina said in her prepared remarks, we were quite pleased with our cash generation in 2009 up 42% for the year actually up 70% on the quarter, but who's looking? And I think Bina made the comment in her prepared remarks that this positions us so well to consider in conjunction with the board the appropriate approach to dividends and stock buy- backs, but surprised to say, we're well positioned to have that discussion.
Doug Lane - Jefferies: There's no other draws on our cash that are unusual in 2010.
Ian Cook: No, our historical range of capital spending had been in the 3% to 3. 5% sales range when we embarked upon our restructuring and business building program which completed in 2008. We had the residual effect this year of completing capital projects which had the spending up around 4%. Our capital spending will be down slightly back more into the historical range in 2010. So no unusual draws, no.
Doug Lane - Jefferies: Okay. And just lastly, can you give us your latest thinking Mouthwash category in the U.S.? Is that something you're looking at anymore, any less, just where do we stand there?
Ian Cook: We stand in a place where we are very focused on the international market, continuing to make progress there. Refining our offerings and go to market plans, and the U. S. remains the U. S. And we will take a view there at the appropriate time.
Operator: We'll take our last question from Linda Bolton-Weiser with Caris.
Linda Bolton-Weiser - Caris: Can I ask another question, just to further my understanding of the Venezuela situation? When you talk about doing some purchases on transactions at a particular official rate, and then some at a non-qualified parallel rates, are those dictated by market dynamics, or does the government actually decide things that apply, and does that account for why we're seeing different things reported by the different companies that we're seeing involved there? In other words, can the government advantage one company over another?
Ian Cook: Far be it for me to comment on governments anywhere in the world, but from our point of view, Linda, we see it as pretty clear- cut in at least so far as the rules have been promulgated so far. There is an official rate of 430, and that we will be using for translation, and there is an official rate for essential materials or goods which is 260, which as of this morning, it appears consistent with the rules we will get access to. And those therefore will be the rates that we will be using.
Ian Cook: Thanks everyone, welcome to 2010. Thanks for your attention, and support, and we look forward to catching up with you as our year unfolds thanks.
Operator: That concludes today's conference, thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Bina Thompson - VP, IR Ian Cook - Chairman, President and CEO
Analysts: Bill Chappell - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein Wendy Nicholson - Citi Chris Ferrara - Merrill Lynch Joe Altobello - Oppenheimer Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs John Faucher - J.P. Morgan Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets Linda Weiser - Caris Alec Patterson - RCM Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets Nik Modi - UBS Victoria Collin - Atlantic Equities Alice Longley - Buckingham Research
Operator: Good day, everyone. And welcome to todays Colgate-Palmolive Company second quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Todays call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgate.com. Just as a reminder, there may be a slight delay before the question-and-answer session begins, due to the Web simulcast. At this time, for opening remarks, I would like to turn the conference over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson. Please go ahead, maam.
Bina Thompson: Thank you, Sharla, and good morning. And welcome to our second quarter earnings release conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, Chairman, President, and CEO; Steve Patrick, CFO; Dennis Hickey, Corporate Controller; and, Ed Filusch, Treasurer. This conference call will include forward-looking statements. And these statements are made on the basis of our views and assumptions as of this time, and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual events or results may differ materially from these statements. For information about certain factors that could cause such differences, investors should consult our annual report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on our Web site, including the information set forth under the captions, Risk Factors and Cautionary Statement on Forward-Looking Statements. We will discuss organic sales growth, which is sales excluding the impact of foreign exchange, acquisitions, and divestitures. And we will also discuss our results and expectations, excluding charges relating to the 2004 restructuring program, which was completed last year. A full reconciliation of these measures with their corresponding GAAP measures is included in the press release and the company's financial statements, and is posted on the Investor Relations page of our website at www.colgate.com. We'll be glad to answer any questions you may have including or excluding these items, as you wish. We are pleased with our strong results in the second quarter. Of particular note is our outstanding progress in gross margin, excellent bottom line performance, and continued healthy organic sales growth. As you know, building gross margin momentum is a critical part of our financial strategy, as is having the appropriate balance between pricing and volume. As you've seen, we have been able to successfully implement price increases through last year and into the first half of this year. With the easing of raw material costs increases and what appears to be a stabilization of currency movement, we feel pricing is where it should be and would expect to shift the focus back more to volume as we move through the rest of the year. And you will hear, as we go through the divisions, about some specific initiatives we have in place to generate volume growth. One important driver volume is advertising. As we stated on our previous call, advertising in the second quarter increased from first quarter levels. And we expect that to continue in the third and the fourth quarter as well. And as we also have previously discussed, this will be a combination of media and our increasing focus on effective in-store activities. We plan to fund that advertising through gross margin increases and overhead costs control. And as youve seen, those things are happening and to continue to happen to the balance of the year. Gross margin increases are expected to be at least at second quarter levels in the third and fourth quarter. Now it's important to note that our funding the growth program continues to deliver excellent savings and we expect to see similar benefits in the second half of the year. This gives us further confidence in our ability to increase gross margin. In short, our financial strategy, which you know very well, is working. Our market shares in key countries around the world are increasing and our pipeline of innovation is as full as it has ever been with value added offerings at every price point. Now I'd just like to spend a moment on volume. As you saw in our geographic sales analysis attached to the press release, volumes for our Colgate businesses was positive in the quarter. Volume increases for our Colgate businesses should improve through the balance of the year. And more importantly, we expect Hills volume to improve substantially and we will review that in more detail when we discuss the Hills business. Not only do we have strong profitability, our balance sheet is strong as well, including our key financial ratios, which are moving in the right direction. The second quarter delivered another quarter of strong cash generation. Our working capital declined year-over-year, and our return-on-capital reached 36.5%, up from 32.7% in the first six months of 2008. So let's turn to the division starting with North America, and we're delighted to see that the North American business is healthy with good volume growth, organic sales growth and market share growth. In fact, in the US alone, volume increased 3.5% with organic sales growing 4%. Further more in the US, consumption is strong, up almost 5% on a volume basis. Our growth is outpacing category growth, which is reflected in good market share increases. In the quarter, our share were stable or up in 11 of 14 categories. New products, obviously, are critical to our success. One of our newest innovations, Colgate Wisp, a disposable mini brush, is also a good start with strong market shares as referenced in the press release. Importantly, early trial and repeat numbers are ahead of the norm for the toothbrush category. Early display support was excellent and consumer communication included a wide variety of touch points, including terrific publicity, with the product being featured on the Today Show and other televisions shows. In the liquid hand soap category, our first quarter launch of Softsoap ensemble continues to contribute to share growth. Our overall liquid hand soap market share in the second quarter, as measured by Nielsen, was up two full points year-over-year. We have a number of additional new products scheduled for the second half of the year. One is a new line of body wash called Softsoap Nutri Serums. In facial products, Nourishing Rich Serums are known for effectively delivering soft, health looking skin. Nutri Serums is an infused with softening serum pearls, Omega 3 and 6, and vitamin E delivering serum benefits in the body wash. In the toothpaste category, we will be launching Colgate Total Enamel Strength. As you know, Colgate Total is the number recommended toothpaste by dentists and the hygienists in the US and the only toothpaste approved by the FDA for fighting gingivitis. Since its launch in 1997, with the steady stream of innovations, Colgate Total now has about 15% of the market. This latest variant capitalizes on the significant professional interests in enamel care as well as the threat to tooth enamel posed by acidic fruits and beverages in the modern diet. Colgate Total Enamel Strength is formulated to strengthen tooth enamel and clean gently while providing all the benefits of Colgate Total. Shipment starts next month. All these activities goes well for continued momentum in North America and looking ahead, volume in North America is expected to increase mid-single-digit to the third quarter and full year with organic sales growing at similar levels. Operating profit is expected to increase double-digit to the third quarter and full year as well of absolutely and as a percent to sales Turning now then to Europe-South Pacific, Europe remains the most challenging region over a macro economic perspective. With GDP growth rate declining in most of Western Europe and relatively flat in the South Pacific. Despite that, our market shares are holding a new product activity is robust. In toothpaste, as in the US, we are following a strategy of building a family of variance under the Colgate Total franchise, which continues to drive share following the original Colgate Total and then Colgate Plus Whitening. Earlier this year we launched Colgate Total Advanced Clean. In the second quarter, we launched Colgate Total Advanced Sensitive as a complimentary offering to both Colgate Total Advanced Clean. In toothbrushes, we launched Colgate Max White, starting late in the first quarter and it is now rolled out across to division with very early results. Activities in-store which showcased the Colgate Max range with both the toothbrush and toothpaste has been particularly successful in driving share. Our new product pipeline for the second half of the year is even fuller than the first. In fact we expect sales from the new products in the second half to be about double the sales of the new products in the first half. And we expect advertising spending to also increase in support of this launches. This should help deliver improved volume. So looking ahead at the balance of the year, we expect volume to the third quarter to be up modestly and down slightly for the full year with similar organic sales performance. Operating profit is expected to be flat to third quarter and down modestly for the full year. Turning then to Latin America, our business in Latin America continues to be strong, maintained double-digit organic sales, increase pricing and excellent profit growth. Although Latin America is not completely immune from the global economic crisis, our strong market position is combined with the portfolio products across all price points have allowed this region to continue to deliver very good results. And as referenced in the press release, our regional toothpaste market share continues to increase. Interestingly enough, our premium price value added Colgate Total gained two share points here to-date with increases into virtually every market, a testament to the fact that even in the challenging economic times the consumer is willing to pay for superior product performance. Our toothpaste share in Mexico is at 85.4 year-to-date even with a year ago high levels with the most recently at 85.8. Our year-to-date record toothbrush share in the region of 41.6% widens our lead to over 9 points. In 2006 we were close to parry with our nearest competitor. In Mexico our share increased almost 4 full points over 40% on a year-to-date basis. Enhanced in-store activities with a compelling merchandising helped to achieve these results. In Columbia, increase focus on the pharmacy channel helped to increase our toothbrush share by 2.3 points to almost 45%. As you know we happened to be making renewed efforts on mouthwash in market outside North America. Across Latin America, we increase our market share almost 4 points versus a year ago with gains in virtually every market. Other categories where we increased our market share across the region include bar soap, shampoo, dishwashing liquid and liquid cleaners. So looking ahead, we expect the volume in Latin America to grow mid single digit to the third quarter and full year with organic sale continuing to grow double digit for both periods. Operating profit is expected to grow at least high single digit to the third quarter and full year up absolutely and as a percent to sales. Turning to Greater Asia-Africa, the modest decline in volume in this region was largely due to weakening market conditions in South Africa, Russia, and Ukraine. South Africa was also impacted by our first quarter volume has the price increases implemented in the second quarter. Greater Asia alone increased volume modestly. And importantly the renewed momentum in China we saw in the first quarter continued with volume increasing mid single digit in the second quarter. India also continued to be strong with another quarter of double digit volume growth. And elsewhere new products played a critical role in driving volume and market share across the region. In toothpaste, our leadership market share increased in eight of 12 markets. Our share in China increased to 31.6 up 110 basis points versus the prior year. In India our share increased 220 basis points to 50.3%. In Russia our share was up 80 basis points to 34.3%. Premium priced products such as Colgate Total and Colgate Max Fresh as well as value priced products such as Colgate White and Colgate Triple Action contributed to this impressive share gains. We continue to enjoy leadership across the region in manual toothbrushes as well. In India our share was up 40 basis points to 37.6% driven by momentum and the base business as well as new products such as Colgate Extra Clean Gum Care. And in Russia our share was up to another record of 51.8% up to 260 basis points from a year ago. We told you last quarter about our successful launch of Colgate Plax mouthwash in Thailand building on this success we've launched it in other markets including China, Russia, the Philippines, and Malaysia and have built share in all these markets. We're very encouraged by the resiliency of the consumer in countries such India and China which is reflected in the health of this businesses. In addition, macroeconomic factors in Russia seemed to be improving which goes well for the balance of the year. Still looking ahead we expect volume in greater Asia Africa to be at modestly to third quarter and full year with organic sales growing high single to double digit. Operating profit is expected to grow double digit to the third quarter and full year up absolutely and to percentage sales. And finally, Hills. Hills performance was somewhat good then expected on the top line. But operating profit increased nicely due to the higher pricing and our ongoing cost savings programs related to both gross margin and overhead expenses. As referenced in the press release, the volume decline was due primarily to forward buys in the prior year associated with July 1, 2008 price increases. Importantly our shares remained relatively stable in the science diet business and are up year-to-date in May for the prescription diet business. This is in part due to the continued Get A Better Life weight loss challenge that continued in veterinary clinics until the second quarter. In the feline category Hills also continued the urinary health symposium which targets educational and case management communication to practicing veterinarians in key cities. A number of new products were referenced in our press release. In the third quarter, we will be launching a new line of treats available in seven varieties, to address a wide range of special needs; oral care, mobility, bite, immunity, training, and skin and coat in both biscuit and jerky form. And in addition, in the second half, we will be implementing more value building in-store activity as well as other pricing focused programs to drive volume. These will be funded by our increasing margin, generated by both price increases already taken, as well as a more benign raw material cost environment, and our ongoing funding the growth programs. So looking ahead, volume of sales is expected to increase low, single digit in the third quarter and decrease modestly for the full year, with organic sales increasing mid to high single digit for the third quarter and full year. Operating profit is expected to increase mid single digit for the third quarter and full year. So in summary, a solid quarter, particularly given the challenging macroeconomic times we all face. Were particularly encouraged by the excellent gross margin increase, strong bottom line, and continued healthy organic sales growth. And as we have said, were encouraged by our prospects to the balance of the year both in the developed and emerging markets. Our focused financial strategy, is working well, and with a good line of innovative new products, we expect to continue to deliver good results. My apologies, I have a frog in my throat. And now, Sharla, Id like to open it up for questions and Im going to turn it over to you.
Operator: The question and answer session will be conducted electronically for the telephone audience (Operator instructions) We ask that you limit yourselves to one question. And if you would like to ask an additional question, please re-signal and place yourself back in the queue. We also ask that if you are listening to the conference on the Internet, that you would please turn the volume on your computer before asking your question. (Operator instructions) Well have our first question from Bill Chappell with Suntrust.
Bill Chappell - Suntrust: Good morning.
Ian Cook: Good morning, Bill.
Bill Chappell - Suntrust: Could you talk a little bit about the gross margin trends as we look on a go forward basis? The 75 to 125 basis point guidance seems pretty conservative. Is there any reason why margins should go down sequentially over the next two quarters? Or is there something Im missing?
Ian Cook: Good question, Bill. Let me just put it in a sort of slightly broader strategic context. As you know, and we had been saying for a while, we have been putting a great focus on trying to, A, offset of the dollar impacts of commodity costs and transaction; and then, B, move our gross margin back into positive territory year-on-year as a percentage to sales because that provides the ability to invest in business growth going forward. And obviously, we are delighted with the gross margin increase in the second quarter, slightly ahead of our original expectations. As we look at that gross margin going forward, our plan right now would see it holding at about the same level as the second quarter, still allowing us to increase advertising support behind a strong pipeline of new products, both of the higher priced end and entry priced end and entry price end over the back half of the year. So for the balance of the year, an expectation that gross margin would be around the same level as the second quarter
Bill Chappell - Suntrust: Great. Thank you.
Ian Cook: Sure.
Operator: Well go next to Bill Schmitz with Deutsche Bank.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Good morning.
Ian Cook: Good morning, Bill.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: How do we think about pricing going forward? I mean, I know a lot of it is to offset some of the currency transaction hit in developing markets. So you have the dollar softens, will you give that pricing back right away and probably see the volume resume? Or is there a little bit of lag in it? How does it work or how has that worked historically?
Ian Cook: Yes. Again, back to the strategy of recovering gross margin as the fulcrum of the income statement, we have taken the pricing we believe we have needed to take. Pricing, therefore, is at that level that we were targeting. And we have in our plan no new pricing for the balance of the year. And as I was saying in response to the earlier question, with our innovation stream skewed to the second half, our focus now is on increasing advertising support behind that innovation stream, advertising in the traditional areas, and also as we head been saying for a while, advertising that is in-store, much of which is captured in the gross to net line, not in the traditional A to S line. So I think what youre going to see going forward is pricing established, no new pricing, and an increase in marketing support to resume volume growth in the second half.
Bill Schmitz: Okay. So does that mean that the promotionals will probably get an increase? So like you said, maybe half of its advertising and half of its gross to net, which obviously, will sort of impact -- is that on a pricing line for you guys or in volume mix?
- Deutsche Bank: Okay. So does that mean that the promotionals will probably get an increase? So like you said, maybe half of its advertising and half of its gross to net, which obviously, will sort of impact -- is that on a pricing line for you guys or in volume mix?
Ian Cook: Its on price, Bill. Its on price.
Bill Schmitz: Okay. Got you. Okay. Perfect.
- Deutsche Bank: Okay. Got you. Okay. Perfect.
Operator: Well go next to Ali Dibadj with Sanford Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: Hi. Thanks.
Ian Cook: Hey, Ali.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: How are you? Just want to get underneath a little bit of potentially disconnect. It sounds like you say youre comfortable with roughly a 10% EPS growth thats external. However, it sounds like foreign exchange or surely, foreign exchange has gotten better. Russia-China is improving, gross margins were higher this year -- this quarter and you expect that going forward. So whats worse? Where were you surprised by? And maybe if I can lead the answer essentially a little bit, its sounds like the price elasticity perhaps, is a little bit worse and so you have to spend more back on advertising and into promotion. Is that the surprise or is there something else?
Ian Cook: I wouldnt caption it that way, Ali. But let me try and take the thrust of the question. Again, as I said, we started the year with a prudent stance, given the world we were facing then, and we put a focus on gross profit. And by the way, I would add, and as youve seen in the release and heard in Binas comments, while we have been recovering gross margin, the organic growth has been healthy, and we have seen our market shares, in other words, the general health of our brands improve, and the Colgate business, the traditional Colgate business has held flat volume wise for those two quarters. So that business, a slight readjustment with a step up in traditional A&P behind innovation with in-store marketing activity, that will include a component of price but not a complete change in strategy. The Hills business warrants a separate comment. The Hills business as you saw, posted double digit volume decline in the second quarter, which was worse than our expectation. And as a few comments to make there, you know the three price increases that we have taken over a period about 15 months, the year-on-year comparison with the July increase last year. But coming into the second quarter, things were cracking pretty much as we had expected. We always saw the uptake in that category go down to about a quarter when pricing was taken. And as I commented on the last call, we expected competitors to take price towards the end of the second quarter as they have not followed our first quarter increase so quickly. That didnt happen. We saw people not taking pricing, and we saw people taking pricing on tops rather than all of their business. And as the second quarter unfolded, we began to take pricing adjustment on the Hills business for the second half because our pricing versus other premium products that historically followed, that was becoming uncompetitive. Interestingly, the category stayed solid and we found ourselves losing to other premium products. It wasnt that that segment was shifting to other channels. So on the Hills business, what we see is very similar to the Colgate business and innovation stream, an increase in advertising in general. Certainly no pricing planned for the second half, but here, more selectively, pricing adjustment over the back half of the year in order to make sure that we realize our pricing strategy against competitions which we overshot a bit in the second quarter of this year. All of these, I would add, with a gross margin that has increased year-on-year. And even with that increase pricing activity and promotion activity in the back half will continue to be up year-on-year, so a sharper definition on Hills, Ali.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: This is very helpful answer. Are you seeing any of the competitive activity in Hills in the other businesses at all or not really?
Ian Cook: What it wasnt competitive reaction, it was more--
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: Inaction, Id say.
Ian Cook: Im sorry?
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: Competitor perhaps, inaction.
Ian Cook: By separating the businesses, I guess the responses we have seen how competitive pricing strategy been maintained on the other businesses. Hills was the only call out.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: Thank you.
Operator: Well go next to Wendy Nicholson with Citi.
Wendy Nicholson - Citi: Hi. My first question had to do with Russia. I know you said your market shares were still strong, but you called that out as a particularly weak area. Do you think inventory adjustment at retail, or something just something wrong with the consumer?
Ian Cook: Yes. Id love to categorize it as something wrong with the consumer. But I think Wendy, in answer to the question, you may recall on the last call we had together, we talked about the incredible currency slides in the Eastern European markets, which Russia head experienced before, you will remember at the end of the 90s. But many of the other Eastern European markets (inaudible). So we found ourselves in a situation where in key Eastern European markets like Ukraine and indeed Russia again, we took significant pricing in the second quarter over 20%, and we felt the customary consumer reaction, which is they de-load entry while that pricing goes through and we fully expect that to come back in the third quarter. I guess the one editorial comment I would make, and I made it on the last full, is that the Eastern European consumer doesnt adjust quiet as readily to Latin American price increases as the Latin consumer does, given their education over time. But we dont see any major dislocation. It certainly not de-stocking beyond some distributor adjustments we have made, which again, I mentioned in the last call. I think its more the lead lag between significant pricing increase and the consumer coming back to the market.
Wendy Nicholson - Citi: Okay. And the reason I asked on Russia is, you know P&G has talked a lot about increasing their emphasis in investment in emerging markets and I would assume Russia is one of their key areas of priority. And I know you hate answering that question about P&G, but so far any way, you havent seen anything from a competitive perspective, it sounds like your shares are off, and youve gotten by with not a lot more spending. So far, you dont see anything from a destabilizing just a sort of category help or freeze the level of competitive promotion or anything like that?
Ian Cook: Let me just answer in the general rather than the specific. In many of the key emerging markets, I think Brazil, I think China, and I think Russia, to your point, we are in fact and have seen so far this year, some of the principal competitors in fact, pull back spending in our key categories. So our impression weight or share of voices, we call it, has in fact increased.
Wendy Nicholson - Citi: Terrific. Congratulations.
Operator: Next is Chris Ferrara with Merrill Lynch
Chris Ferrara - Merrill Lynch: Hey. Thanks. Ian can you talk a little bit about, I mean this is sort of a tired question, but as retailers try to consolidate shelves and you know, we know its happening, consolidate SKUs. What are you seeing in the US in oral care and specifically tooth paste, and I guess, if anything, as you relate two different things, first of all, you guys and Crest have a lot of different SKUs across toothpaste, right? And there is also a fair amount of tertiary brands that seem like big potentially be at risk. So are you seeing anything, you seen any progress on shelves there with respect to even weeding out some of your slow-moving SKUs or you ordering some of those tertiary brands that arent own by you or Procter?
Ian Cook: Yes, Chris. Good question. And frankly over more essentially to these days, in another new subject we call as SKUs-year-on-year. Every time we go through a planogram research with any key retailer trying to make sure we have the right SKUs, power SKUs we call them, with the right velocity at the shelf. Theres no question over the last year and a half, the intensity on that space has increased. I will tell you that our relative shelf and assortment position in the US toothpaste business continues to be very, very strong. And, as I say, we often delete SKUs ourselves, as we try and make sure we have the greatest velocity, so not seeing any significant impact in the US. But youre right, its a very -- an area of great attention from retailers these days, but one we are accustomed to discussing and dealing with.
Chris Ferrara - Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you.
Ian Cook: Sure.
Operator: Well go next to Joe Altobello with Oppenheimer.
Joe Altobello - Oppenheimer:
 :
Ian Cook: Good questions, Joe. On the Hills business, we have not lost distribution. You will remember that our strategy on Hills is, you might say, a limited distribution strategy. Our go to market is very much to provide products that we label pet nutrition not pet food, to provide a clinically proven benefit to the pets of the consumers that buy the product. And in order to do that in an educated way, we provide those products to neighborhood and pet stores, vets themselves, and the retailers who provide education in this space, given their nature like the Pet Superstores. So thats our area of focus and those retail channels are quite loyal and supportive of the Hills business. As I was saying earlier to Ali in response to the question about Hills pricing, what actually happened was that premium pricing -- that segment, we saw what the pricing we took in the first quarter, a gap beginning to appear against other premium competitors who did not follow the pricing we took in the first quarter. And so, as a matter of operations, weve had to adjust. And we have adjusted here in the US and in key markets around the world in order to make sure we are on pricing strategy, and that is what we are seeking to return to. So its a global initiative, and it is selective, where we find ourselves out-priced, no loss in distribution. And as I mentioned in response to the earlier question, all with gross margin up year-on-year and projected to be up year-on-year for the full year as well.
Joe Altobello - Oppenheimer: Okay. And in terms of the marketing spend from a geographic perspective?
Ian Cook: Selective, globally. Its a global initiative against select premium global competitors to make sure that we are achieving our pricing strategy on the business. So, global.
Joe Altobello - Oppenheimer: Okay. And then one last, if I could sneak it in. Back to Hills, obviously one month has passed now since the end of the quarter. Are you seeing any pick-up or improvements sequentially in volumes?
Ian Cook: Very good question. In fact, the answer is yes, specifically on the Hills business. In fact, across the entire Colgate business, the volume pace so far in the quarter, sees us with a fastest start in the first month of the quarter, for two quarters. So faster than the first quarter and faster than the second quarter. And that absolutely applies to the Hills business. So off to a good start.
Joe Altobello - Oppenheimer: Thats great. Thank you.
Operator: Well go next to Andrew Sawyer with Goldman Sachs.
Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs: Yes, sure. Thanks, guys. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more on the A&P side, and perhaps maybe give some context around your share of voice. In the US it looks like at least in the measured media channels, we can that your share of voice is still up slightly. I was wondering if you could talk to where your share voice levels are in some of your other large markets outside of the United States?
Ian Cook: Yes. I think obviously for competitive reasons Andrew, I would prefer not to get into a market-by-market dialogue because were very specific about where we put our emphasis. To repeat comments made before, there are various issues at play here. Youve got the real reduction in cost of media. Which as Ive said before, we are seeing around the world between 5% and 25%. Thats giving us increased impressions for less money. We are seeing competitors pulling back in some key markets, which is providing opportunity. And we, particularly at this time, are finding ways, like the Seeing is Believing campaign with Hills, of communicating directly communicating with consumers at retail. And that spend, a large part of it comes out of the gross to net line and you dont see in the traditional A&P. I think the ultimate distillation of it is the kind of market share movements that you are seeing on our toothpaste business, many of which we described in the release or being commented on.
Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs: And just a quick follow-up, if I could. I know entering the year, Latin America, you had to talk about launching a portfolio that skewed pretty heavily to premium priced products. And Bina, in her prepared remarks mentioned that youre seeing market share gains from Total. Have you seen a trading up phenomenon in some of the other categories, whether its liquid soap, toothbrushes, et cetera? And whats that meant for -- as far the mix contribution to your unit volume figures in the Latin American region?
Ian Cook: The mix is a factor of gross margin growth for us and the dollar weighted volume growth. We are continuing to see the consumer paying for value. I wouldnt overstress that point. We have consistently said that we have a broad portfolio of products, and variance, and sizes to reach all different retail environment priced accordingly. And we innovate across that portfolio. The consumer chooses to continue to buy, at an increasing rate, the premium end of the portfolio because of the perceived benefit.
Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Well go next to John Faucher with J.P. Morgan.
John Faucher - J.P. Morgan: Yes. Good morning. It seems that the concern on getting play back from investors today is the ramp down in advertising. And yes, its going to shift a little bit more favorably in the back half of the year. But you combine that with disappointing volumes. So are you seeing any correlation whatsoever in terms of the pullback in ad spending and a disappointment in volumes? And to get more specific on that, can you talk about the pullback on the ad spending on Hills, relative to what you are seeing across the rest of the portfolio?
Ian Cook: Yes. First, the answer is no. The answer is absolutely and categorically no, John. I think the strongest correlation were seeing, and it traces specifically to Hills, is in pricing, period. Advertising, you know, a percent to sales ratio is an interesting ratio and the conventional wisdom is that it should always go up. But as I have said before with the rate reductions were getting -- were seeing, the competitive pullback were seeing, and our own choice to shift into the in-store activity, I dont see that as a concern. We are increasing our advertising in the second half. We did say we were going to be prudent coming into the year until we recovered gross margins. So I think were poised quite well now to step up the A&P behind an innovation stream so that there is news and we have corrected the pricing imbalance on Hills. Hills, specifically on advertising, actually year-on-year on a ratio basis will be up. But again, one has to be careful because the Hills model is so different in terms of that vets recommendation driving the purchase of the product. And that recommendation continues to be at all-time high, leadership level. And thats what we focus on with Hills because its their belief in the clinical behind the nutritional efficacy of the product that creates the consumer conversion.
John Faucher - J.P. Morgan: Okay. And then geographically-- thanks for that. Geographically, again it seems that the correlation between the volume disappointment is probably more related to pricing than advertising. But if you could provide a little more color on that?
Ian Cook: Well, again the Colgate business held flat overall from a volume point of view with the pricing that we have taken in order to offset transaction and commodity and recover gross margin. No new pricing across the balance of the year, and the pullouts were Hills, which weve discussed. And as I mentioned in the Greater Asia region, the significant pricing we had to take in South Africa, Russia and Ukraine, which affected the quarter, but which we expect to bounce back in the second half of the year.
John Faucher - J.P. Morgan: Got it. But again, no atypical variances from an advertising standpoint in those markets, relative to what you were seeing globally?
Ian Cook: And all projected to continue up on the balance of the year.
John Faucher - J.P. Morgan: Okay. Thanks.
Ian Cook: Thanks, John.
Operator: Well go next to Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays: Thanks. Since no one else has asked, could you give us the breakdown of gross margin in the quarter?
Ian Cook: Oh. Yes. Yes. Yes.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays: Thank you.
Ian Cook: The prior year gross profit second quarter was $56.8 million. The pricing contribution, very similar to the first quarter this year, was 3.1%, $310 million. Nothing from restructuring, as you would expect, funding the gross came back very nicely in the second quarter at $1.8 million. The material prices were negative at 2.9. And that, as you can see, if you track it back, is an easing. And net, that delivers the 200 basis points increase year-on-year to the 58A.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays: Okay. Great. I just wanted to follow-up --I know someone asked this earlier, but I just wasnt quite clear on the answer. I know theres no new pricing coming. But as currency eases -- or is it just that we are not yet confident that where currency is based, where it will stick. So you dont want to move back quickly on pricing. I would have thought thered be a little bit of pullback on pricing where youve taken it to cover translation and transaction, rather than letting it ride. I mean, is the decision to let it stick because youre comfortable in where volumes are in those markets?
Ian Cook: The pricing we have taken on the Colgate business, were comfortable with where it is and expect it to stick because in the main, competitors have followed and the investment goes behind more traditional marketing techniques, which includes promotion to be sure, but not a rollback of pricing. But of course sequentially, quarter-on-quarter, the benefit impact of pricing will ease as you are taking new pricing and youre lapping year-on-year.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays: Okay. And then just the other thing with North America because I know at least in specific regions, Nielsen data is useful. And certainly what you guys have been saying, Wisp is doing fantastically well and I would think is actually -- given its market share of the toothbrush category, its certainly big enough to be mattering in the quarterly results. So how does the rest of the oral care business volume-wise look in the US right now?
Ian Cook: One second.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays: Sure.
Ian Cook: The oral care business -- I dont have the US number here, I have a North American number, which, for the quarter, would show organic growth about between 2% and 3%. Thats the North American number.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays: Okay. And that includes Wisp, of course, right?
Ian Cook: That includes Wisp, yes.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays: Right. So volume ex-Wisp is probably down?
Ian Cook: No, no. Wisp is not that significant, Lauren.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: Okay.
Ian Cook: So thats it. Its exciting, its encouraging. We still have to wait for the repeats to play out over the back half of the year. Its accretive from a gross margin point of view. But its not -- it's not a -- it's not that significant a factor.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: Okay, great. Thank you.
Ian Cook: Thanks.
Operator: We'll go next to Jason Gere with RBC Capital Markets.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets: Good morning.
Ian Cook: Good morning, Jason.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets: Hi. And adding on to Lawrences question, could you just talk about maybe the oral care category in North America. Going to or seeing different channels in different geographies, a bit surprised about the magnitude of promotions out there on the super premium category. I can understand more about the basic lines, but this is what weve been seeing in the last few weeks. So Im wondering, is this retail driven, to just move inventory, or is there some sort of shift going on and kind of talking about where the volumes are that they put out last quarter?
Ian Cook: I dont know what channel youre looking at, I guess the headlines in the US were outdated, doesnt show anything of a significant change compared to this traditional promotional activity. It does show the category posting good value growth, low single digits, healthy in this environment. It shows a channel shift more to mass. The club stores and the dollar stores, they are the ones outpacing, which I think is data well known to people. And quite pleasingly, for our US business, we have seen the consumption of our aggregate categories outpace category consumption on a volume basis for each of the months of this year, and that accelerating actually in the second quarter. So were quite pleased with our performance and we dont see anything untoward or unusual, thus far, in category activity. And our share is up very nicely.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And then, Im not sure if you clarified this, in terms of those categories, I think you said your share was flatter up in 11 of the 14. Did you call up the three that were down? And is this where were going to see a bit more instant merchandising? Is there innovation behind those three?
Ian Cook: Well, theres innovation behind all of them. If there is corrective action required, it will be taken. Were getting into too much US data, frankly, but balls would be one, which is a declining category in favor of body washes. And body wash would be a second, but Im not sure Id call point one significant. And the serums launched being mentioned is coming, and a modest decline on underarm, with activity coming as well. So we were just being thorough in terms of what was down, but were not talking about meaningful declines and we have innovation streams behind those three segments to rebound in the second half.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, great. And just a last question, Im just wondering, this has been the year that we occurred most HPC coming talking about sales productivity. I was just wondering if you could give us an update of some of the measures that youve taken. Which regions that maybe youre seeing the most effectiveness from a sales productivity standpoint?
Ian Cook: Well, I guess we would caption our productivity program in the sales area excluding the fixed cost would be governed by Covey business planning, which is that SAP driven technique wed been deploying for the last four years, which focuses on increasing our return on investment, in terms of each of our sales activities, and sharing those learnings around the world. And I know we have spoken on several meetings about the kinds of techniques. We said this year that we were goaling [ph] a pre-tax savings of around $150 million and thus far, this year were on track to deliver that and we will have CBP SAP driven in place on about 3/4 of our trade spending subsidy -- 3/4 of our global trade spending by the end of this year. So were seeing improvement.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets: Great. Thank you very much.
Ian Cook: Thanks, Jason.
Operator: Well go next to Linda Weiser with Caris.
Linda Weiser - Caris: Hi. Thanks. First, I was just curious on the materials cost. I was projecting them to be down in the third quarter. Is that the case or will it not be until the fourth quarter?
Ian Cook: Were seeing some materials cost off already, year-to-date. I guess the way I would answer that is to say that the primary benefit would be in the fourth quarter.
Linda Weiser - Caris: Okay. And just a longer term question on innovation. I know when you started your multi-year restructuring a few years ago, you put some investment or partnership with some medical institutions or something that focused on oral care. Are there any big time innovation youre expecting to come from that? Because it has been a while since weve seen major innovation.
Ian Cook: Well, we felt like Wisp, but whos looking? I guess, Linda, youre right in your recollection. We stepped up the resources we had and there are shorter term innovation groups, the so-called Centers of Innovation, focusing on products that we could bring to the market three-year window. And then we established three years ago, two years ago, in fact, some long term innovation centers, which are focused on three and five-year plus innovation. And we have several of these external partnerships that you mentioned. The one youre probably remembering is the full site institute up in Boston that we have talked about before. These are much longer term innovation streams and we have, indeed, some interesting leads. More than that, I would not say.
Linda Weiser - Caris: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Well go next to Alec Patterson with RCM.
Alec Patterson - RCM: Good morning.
Ian Cook: Hi, Alec.
Alec Patterson - RCM: Hi. I just wanted to get a better handle on the materials trend, the gross margin trend from two angles. One, you did break down packaging raw material impact by region, and I guess it was surprising to see where it was a benefit in North America, Asia, and Africa, but not called out in Europe and Latin America, but overall, it was still quite negative. So should one draw the conclusion that it was predominantly a Hills factor, in terms of the negative raw material impact?
Ian Cook: What page are you looking at, Alec?
Alec Patterson - RCM: You just said that, I believe the 290 basis point impact to gross margins from raw materials and in the release you cite lower raw impact material cost in Asia, Africa, and North America, with no comment whatsoever on Latin America and Europe. So Im just trying to zero in on the cause of the raw material hit.
Ian Cook: Well, youve got the foreign exchange piece, I guess, in the Latin countries. But remember, that is a -- what I was calling out was the roll forward of the gross profits. So last year, for example in the second quarter, material prices negatively affected the gross profit by 430 basis points. This year, the impact was 290, so a lessening of the impact on the gross margin. If we -- I dont have the data in front of me to break down that by division. So well have to talk about that offline, Alec.
Alec Patterson - RCM: Okay, well, maybe just a different attack then on the Hills business. The price gap, you talked about having widened and became a competitive issue, and youre looking to close those price gaps. Do you have a sense for whether your position, in terms of your raw material cost in that business, tend to be more locked-in, more supply contract constraining, such that its more of a lag for your business to benefit from a lower raw material environment than, say, maybe a private label manufacturer of some of your other competition.
Ian Cook: No, I wouldnt say that. And the over-arching comment balancing the pricing action that we have already started to take on the Hills business and what we see in terms of the material cost environment, again on that Hills business, sees the gross margin up year-on-year for the full year and the balance of the year.
Alec Patterson - RCM: Okay. All right, thanks.
Ian Cook: Okay, sure.
Operator: Well go next to Connie Maneaty of BMO Capital Markets.
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets: Hi, just two questions. What is the order of magnitude of price roll-backs by Hills?
Ian Cook: Were not rolling back pricing, Connie. Were adjusting promotionally and it varies.
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. But to the consumer, it would seem more affordable?
Ian Cook: The pricing will -- yes, is the answer. The pricing will be more in line with our other premium competitors, yes.
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets: Okay.
Ian Cook: Because they did not follow in the main -- the pricing we took in the first quarter, which have not been the case with the last two price increases.
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. And then secondly, one final question on advertising. I understand that the dollar spend would go down because rate has come down and there will be more in-store activity. But I was kind of puzzled by the comment about competitive activity. So I was wondering what difference does it make what competitors are doing. Why wouldnt you have stepped up advertising in the quarter to fully take advantage of the spending gross margin and really solidify the shares?
Ian Cook: The timing doesnt work quite sometimes as precisely as that, Connie. We had said we wanted to be prudent. We had said we wanted to recoup gross margin. We exceeded our expectations on gross margin in the second quarter. It is very relevant, I think, in terms of what competitors are doing on market-to-market basis. And some of these emerging markets, the GRP weight, the actual number of spots we are running are extraordinarily high in terms of reaching the consumer. Youre talking about four, five, six spots a day, which is a very elevated level. So if a competitor is not spending, it may be much wiser to adjust your advertising spend, still dominate share of voice, but in a more economic fashion on top of the market cost reduction. And the proof of the pudding in the end is what happens to market share. And again, what we have seen is our market share in key markets continuing to increase. So thats the balance youre revisiting all the time, Connie.
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Thats very helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Well go next to Nik Modi with UBS.
Nik Modi - UBS: Yes, Ill make this quick. Good morning --
Ian Cook: Hi, Nik.
Nik Modi - UBS: Just a couple of questions, Ian, if you could just go around quickly and globe trot, and tell us your perspective on the consumer just given were six months into the year or seven months, are you seeing any stabilization out there or do you continue to think itll get worse? And the second question is on the emerging markets, as you took pricing late in the first quarter, did you see your local competitors follow, as you had expected? Thanks.
Ian Cook: Yes, globe trotting, I guess like everyone else, the consumer is looking for green tubes. But they are seeing -- continuing to see value in our categories and they are continuing to -- theyre continuing with the behaviors. So once they buy in to a health and wellness behavior, they dont drift out. They continue to put a disproportionate loyalty to a brand because a branded good provides a level of confidence and trust, pleasingly as youve seen in the shares. They continue to provide a loyalty to our brands. Now, we continue to see them shift in terms of channel. We continue to see them look for value. But we havent seen any disconnect from language I have used before, in terms of the consumer's behavior in the world today. So we continue to feel quite comfortable. Were seeing the categories growing and theyre growing in the kind of sequencing you would expect, faster in the emerging, slower in the developed. So I guess that would be the summary there. And your second question, Nick, again, sorry?
Nik Modi - UBS: Its on the emerging markets. How do competitors and local competitors follow the price increase?
Ian Cook: It depends. In the main, everyone is faced with the same cost increases, particularly in those emerging markets, if the materials are dollar denominated. So in the main, we see both private label and local brands come with the pricing. It may be later. It oftentimes is later. But ultimately, the same economic reality hits and they have to accommodate and adjust for it.
Nik Modi - UBS: Excellent. Thank you very much.
Ian Cook: Sure.
Operator: And well go next to Victoria Collin with Atlantic Equities.
Victoria Collin - Atlantic Equities: Hi, Ian. Hi, Bina.
Ian Cook: Victoria.
Victoria Collin - Atlantic Equities: Hi. I just wanted to ask Ian a little bit more, and Ill be brief about Europe and the South Pacific volumes. Youre guiding too modestly up in these three. And I was just wondering what strategies youre undertaking to get that swing in the volume into positive territory, given that youre still facing a relatively tough comp? And the same question will probably apply to the greater Asia-Africa region as well.
Ian Cook: Its separate answers, I would say. Europe-South Pacific is largely -- same as most places; no new pricing, increased advertising, and increased innovation stream. In fact, in the second half in Europe, our innovation stream in terms of sales impact is twice what it was in the first half of the year. So thats really the answer for Europe and South Pacific. Asia is a little different. I mean, the same general principles apply. The big drag this quarter, as I mentioned, was the pricing we had to take in South Africa, Ukraine, and Russia, over 20% to offset the significant currency devaluation. And as I have said before, consumer tends to work down (inaudible) for a quarter before coming back to the category. So the same applies; no new pricing, increased advertising, increased innovation stream, but also, the rebound of the consumer after some significant pricing in some major markets.
Victoria Collin - Atlantic Equities: Okay. Great. Thank you. If I could just sneak in a tiny, follow-up question. Are you seeing much in demand for trading down on more value orientated products in Europe? And would that support the volumes that people leave a little bit away from the more premium priced items?
Ian Cook: We are seeing in some categories in Europe, contraction. We are seeing private label at a higher level in Europe than we see in other parts of the world. But in the end, the consumer is looking for value. And as a branded-goods manufacturer, if you deliver that value, the same principle applies that the consumer will choose the value. And value isnt necessarily a just price. And as Ive said before, the kinds of businesses were in, particularly the oral care and personal care tend to have a greater emotional loyalty than some of the other more functional businesses because of who you use them on and which parts of your body you put them on. But yes, private label is definitely more developed in Europe than other parts of the world. Victoria?
Victoria Collin - Atlantic Equities: Thats very helpful. Thanks. And if I may just ask where the private label was growing or where youve seen it increase slightly?
Ian Cook: Usually, where we have seen it increase is in the functional categories; categories like bleach, categories like detergents, categories like household cleaners, and to a degree, garbage disposal bags. These are the categories we have seen the greatest increases in private label.
Victoria Collin - Atlantic Equities: Thanks very much.
Ian Cook: Okay.
Operator: Well have our final question from Alice Longley with Buckingham Research.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: Hi. Good morning -- good afternoon. Your volume in Latin America was up 2%. In what countries was it more than that and what less than that, please?
Ian Cook: Im not sure were going to go through a run through of countries, Alice. But it was led this time by Brazil and Venezuela.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: Okay. Thats great. My second one was you said the dog food category was just fine. Youre stable. Was volume for dog food and specialty channels flat in the quarter, roughly?
Ian Cook: One second. First of all, I challenge your definition. We view it as pet nutrition. But that said -- and when we talk about the category, we talk about the -- what I would call the specialty category, as you say, which would be the PETCOs, the PetSmart, the Neighborhood Pet, and the vet outlets. And overall, the specialty channel, as you asked, was indeed positive, is positive year-to-date, and was positive for the months in the second quarter that we have data.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: In value terms or unit terms?
Ian Cook: In unit terms, volume terms.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: Okay. Perfect. My last--
Ian Cook: Balance.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: Perfect. And then my last question is, if you had to guess how much ad rates are running down, what would that be?
Ian Cook: Yes. The answer Alice, would be, It depends. Without docking it, we advertise in 80 countries. And the ad rates are down anywhere from 5% to 25%, depending on the country.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: Thank you very much.
Ian Cook: Okay. Well, thanks very much for joining us. Thank you very much for all of your questions and interest in the company. And special thanks to all the Colgate people around the world who make all of this happen. Talk to you next time.
Operator: That concludes todays conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Bina Thompson - Vice President of Investor Relations Ian M. Cook - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Bill Pecoriello - Consumer Edge Research Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Company Bill Chappell - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs Wendy Nicholson - Citi Chris Ferrara - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch Alice Longley - Buckingham Research William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank John Faucher - J.P. Morgan Linda Weiser - Caris & Company Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital Alec Patterson - RCM Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good day, and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company First Quarter 2009 Earnings Conference Calls. Today's call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgate.com. Just a reminder, there maybe a slight delay before the Q&A session begins due to the web simulcast. At this time, for opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson. Please go ahead.
Bina Thompson: Thank you, Tania, and good morning everybody. And welcome to our first quarter 2009 earnings release conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, Chairman and CEO; Steve Patrick, CFO; Dennis Hickey, Corporate Controller; and Ed Filusch, Treasurer. This conference call will include forward-looking statements. These statements are made on the basis of our views and assumptions as of this time and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual events or results may differ materially from those statements. For information about certain factors that could cause such differences, investors should consult our annual report on 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on our website, including the information set forth under the captions Risk Factors and Cautionary Statements on forward-looking statements. We will discuss organic sales growth, which is sales excluding the impact of foreign exchange, acquisition and divestitures. And we will also discuss our results and expectations, excluding charges relating to the 2004 restructuring program which was completed last year. A full reconciliation of these measures with their corresponding GAAP measures is included in the press release and the company's financial statements, and is posted on the Investor Relations page of our website at www.colgate.com. We'll be glad to answer any questions you may have including or excluding these items, as you wish. We're very pleased to have begun this year continuing the momentum with which we exited 2008, particularly in the current global environment. Organic sales growth again increased high single-digits and as expected foreign currency was a significant headwind. As we told you, we would, we took price increases in overseas markets to offset transaction losses which resulted in less volume growth than previously anticipated. This volume decline was more notable in our health business to cover ongoing commodity cost factors. There is, of course, a delicate balance between volume and price. As you will hear when we review the decisions, we volume in all divisions to rebound somewhat as we go through the year. Gross margin increased 20 basis points, which was very encouraging. As we told you last quarter and as we mentioned in the press release, we expect to increases to build as we go through the year. While we have come to the end of our full year restructuring in business building programs, our ongoing funding in the growth programs continued to deliver meaningful savings throughout the P&L. Our advertising was down on a dollar and percentage sales basis due to a number of factors. Overall, media rates have declined in many markets, and in certain instances competitor's spending has been reduced. This has allowed us to remain competitive in our spending as witnessed by solid market shares around the world. In additions, in certain key markets, we have shifted away from media to more in-store activities were appropriate. As the consumer is more cautious to value in this current environment, in-store activity communicating our value proposition is even more important than ever. You may recall that in the fourth quarter, our overhead expenses were down as a percent of sales, an indication of our ongoing focus on becoming more efficient. As you know, in the first quarter due to market conditions, our pension costs increased as did those of our competition. Excluding the increased pension costs, our overhead expenses were down 50 basis points in the prior year. And of course, diluted EPS increased 8% inline with expectation. Importantly, in these very challenging macro economic times, we are staying even closer to consumers to understand how they are reacting to a changing environment. In addition, we are conducting more in-home visits, learning some online communities and conducting consumer surveys. And we found that while shopping behaviors may be changing, buying smaller sizes more frequently for example, trading down by consumers does not had a significant impact on our business. Likewise, private label its still not a significant factor in most of our categories. In fact, excluding Europe, where private labels has always had more of a presence, private label is under 5% in every category but mouthwash and liquid soap. Worldwide private label market share in two space, including Europe, is about 1.5%, down 10 basis points from the year ago period. As you know, we have portfolio of value-added products with altering at every price points, which allows us to remain competitive in both developed and high growth markets. The new product innovations which has fueled our growth and market shares this quarter follow that portfolio strategy. Our balance sheet and liquidity are solid, and as you read in our press release, cash from operations was up as strong 21%. So let's look then in specifically at the divisions. North America had a solid quarter, with volume up 2% and organic growth up 5%. New product activity contributed to the good results along with growth in our base business, supported by both advertising and in-store activity. As referenced in the press release, our market shares are very healthy, with increases in the majority of our categories. Importantly, overall our categories are growing and consumption has been increasing with particularly strong performance in March. The two new products we told you about last quarter, Colgate Wisp and Softsoap are meeting with good early success. As you may recall, Wisp is a disposable mini-toothbrush with a breath freshening bead to make cleaning teeth on the go convenient and refreshing. Distribution has drove very quickly. The first shipment in March generated almost one full toothbrush market share point, with the share in the last week of the month reaching over 3% and the first week of April over 7%. Advertising began in April along with other awareness in child building activities, both in and out of the store. We have an online contest launching on May 1 called the 'The Face of Wisp' in which Wisp fans will post their photos to an online site for national voting for the face that best represent this fresh and appealing innovation. Of course, to repeat pressures will be the ultimate indicator of ongoing product success, and we will be monitoring that closely. Softsoap Spa (ph) has been steadily building distribution and is doing particularly well in the food and drug channel. The integrated marketing campaigns for this launch will include both national TV and print advertising, with the message focused on 'affordable styles for everything.' March sales was already at 2.4%, driving an increase in overall liquid hand soap share from 39.9% to 40.2%. And this is particularly encouraging as liquid hand soaps is more susceptible to private label. More new product activity for the balance of the year is planned in this category, providing more value-added innovation to the consumer. So looking ahead, volume in North America for the second quarter is expected to grow modestly and should be up mid-single digits for the full year. Organic sales are expected to increase mid-single digit for the second quarter and full year. And operating profit should increase double-digit for the second quarter and full year, up absolutely and as a percent of sales. Turning then to Latin America, organic sales in this region continued to grow to strong double-digits. As elsewhere in the world, there is a delicate balance between pricing and volume. Importantly, our categories are still showing solid growth and market shares are very healthy. Regional market shares are up in toothpaste, toothbrushes, mouthwash, soaps, liquid cleaners, and dish washing liquids. As you would expect the stir over effect of a weak economy is present in countries closer to the US. In Brazil, for instance, Brazil remains quite solid in terms of the macro economic situation with double-digit growth in a number of categories. Our regional toothpaste share year-over-year is up 1.5 points to 78.1%. Nine countries in the region now have market shares greater than 80%. And importantly, premium price offering such as Colgate Total continues to grow as the consumer continues to purchase products which can deliver added value. In toothbrushes, we've increased our leadership position as referenced in the press release; our share in Mexico is up five points year-over-year. Our mouthwash business also continues to grow very nicely. Our year-to-date regional share is up over four points, and in Brazil, our biggest mouthwash market, we achieved leadership in a November-December timeframe and have further extended that leadership in 2009; to beat our nearest competitor by over four points and are approaching a 40% share of the market. In Mexico, our mouthwash share is up over three points on year-to-date basis. Looking ahead, volume in Latin Americ a for the second quarter is expected to grow modestly, and should be up mid single-digits for the full year. Organic sales are expected to increase mid double-digits for the second quarter and full year. And operating profit should increase high single-digits for the second quarter and full year, up absolutely and as a percentage of sales. Turning then to Europe/South Pacific. Challenging macro economic conditions persist in Western Europe, with negative GDP and a consumer confident index at record low levels. In addition, countries in both Western and Eastern Europe have experienced considerable weakening of their currencies, adding further pressure to our dollar P&L. We have been able to offset some of the currency headwinds with increased pricing; the third consecutive quarter of price increases in the region. As referenced in the press release, market shares are stable. And we have continued to launch new products for the full pipeline for the remainder of the year. One encouraging sign is a strengthening in our German business, one of the largest subsidiaries in the regions. Our toothpaste market share is up 50 basis points year-over-year to 37.2%, with the most recent leading at 38.2%. Our dishwashing liquid share there is up almost a full point, 17.4% with the most recent leading at 20.3%. And in private softeners, our share is up almost 4.5 points, with good momentum in the recent period. Our GABA business is also doing well, both in the established countries and the newer expansion countries in Eastern Europe. Both toothpaste and toothbrush shares are up with particularly good performance in Germany and in Italy, which is a newer market where we have recently entered the mass retail channels. Looking ahead, volume in Europe and South Pacific for the second quarter is expected to grow modestly, and it should be up modestly for the full year. Organic sales are expected to increase modestly for the second quarter and full year. Operating profit is expected to be down double-digits for the second quarter, and to be down mid single-digits for the full year, but is expected to be up as a percent of sales for both the second quarter and the full year. Turning to greater Asia/Africa. As in Latin America, this fast growing region also continued to enjoy double-digit organic growth. Our categories continued to grow many at a double-digit rate. While shopping behaviors may have changed, we see no reduction in consumption and so far no trading down. In some markets, the consumers are opting to buy bigger sizes of the same product and others the consumer is buying smaller sizes more frequently. Our toothpaste share increased in virtually all markets on a region wide basis, reaching 39.7%, up 50 basis points from the year ago period. In India, where our share reached 50%, we have seen growth both from the premium and lower priced segments of the business, supported with new advertising and other consumer engagement program. As you would imagine, growth on the premium side has been in urban markets. Our deep distribution in rural markets has allowed us to grow our business in the value segment as we bring new users into the franchise. In both Thailand and the Philippines, where our toothpaste shares are up over 50%, Colgate Total has contributed to that growth. In Russia, we've seen an increase in both our Colgate and Elmex toothpaste shares. As you may recall, Elmex is the GABA brand which we introduced into Russia last fall and is doing very well. Our Russian toothbrush business is strong as well with shares up 270 basis points year-over year to 51.2%. Looking ahead, volume in greater Asia/Africa for the second quarter is expected to grow mid to high single-digit, and should be up mid single-digit for the full year. Organic sales are expected to increase double-digits for the second quarter and a full year, and operating profit should increase double-digit for the second quarter and the full year, up absolutely and as a percent of sales. And finally Hill. While organic sales at Hill increased nicely, volume declined. This was due in part to buying in the fourth quarter in anticipation of our significant first quarter price increases. Commodity prices at Hill's are still up year-over year. However, our strong pricing along with ongoing savings programs allowed us to increase both our growth and operating margins. In the U.S. our buy and sell business continues to be resilient, and we are seeing more category growth in the specialty market where we compete as compared to the grocery in that market. In February, we launched Culinary Creations, which is gravy based canned fruits for cats; the fastest growing segment in the wet category. Early results show great promise. And in addition, we continued to communicate our value messaging in terms of daily cost of fee with affected in-store activities. Also in the U.S. in the prescription diet business, our most recent share was up almost two points year-over-year to almost 70%. We launched a Get-a-better life' weight loss challenge in veterinary clinics in January, and the program has received great feedback from our veterinary community. Additionally, we expanded the urinary health symposium which targets educational and case management communications to processing better areas in key cities. Feedbacks from attending veterinarians has been so positive that additional symposium are being added in the schedule. Looking forward, sales volume is expected to be down modestly for the second quarter and full year. Organic sales are expected to be up double-digits to the second quarter and full year. And operating profit is expected to grow double-digits for the second quarter and full year, up absolutely and as a percent of sales. So in summary, we are pleased with how we started off the year. Our organic sales continued to be strong and our market shares are healthy around the world. So, while we are mindful at difficult economies in many countries, we think we have the right strategies in place, coupled with a fixed financial discipline to continue to deliver solid result as we go through the year. And now, I'd like to turn it over for questions, Tania, if you want to open it up please?
Operator: Absolutely. (Operator Instructions). We're going to Bill Pecoriello with Consumer Edge Research.
Bill Pecoriello - Consumer Edge Research: Good morning. Ian, my question is, if you could help us understand your organic sales growth remains quite robust and you're gaining market share in just about every country. All your market share gains accelerating, what are you seeing with the underlying categories, if you look at oral care versus personal care, pet household, is your pace of growth, the gap widening in terms of how faster are growing new categories?
Ian Cook: Well, it depends Bill. That's a very brood ranging question. I think if you sort of break it down into component element, first of all, we continued to see a growth in that categories around the world. Indeed, if you take the Hill's business, with it, limited distribution channels, the channels that we distribute to also continued to grow by which I mean, the PETCO is Petsmart, the neighborhood pet and the vet. So yes, we're continuing to see growth very much along the lines that I talked about, with the fourth quarter call, with Europe being the weakest, North America stronger and then of course, the emerging market has stronger sales. We continued to see private label contained at the levels that I have talked about before. We have categories, no categories immune to private label, ours certainly seemed to be resistant. And we are not seeing a growth in private label. And we continued to see a trade-off to premium offerings in our categories, even in the emerging market. So, all of that continues to move as it has done in the past as we strived to put the right value equation in front of the consumer which as I had said before, is not necessarily priced. And so, we are seeing growth in certain countries in market shares. We're certainly holding our market shares elsewhere as we take as you say, fairly significant pricing which on depends the strong organic growth.
Bill Pecoriello - Consumer Edge Research: And then just one follow-up on, is de-stocking impacting any of your categories in a notable way in the quarter?
Ian Cook: Although, it's an interesting question again Bill, when we think about inventory I guess we think about it three ways: Number one is the consumer's pantry, because everything starts with the consumer. And there I think as I have said before, we do in, particularly in the developed markets, but we do to see consumer work down of their pantry inventory before they come back to a category. So that's certainly a factor. Trade de-stocking I must say not to any significant degree, there is no question that all retailers are focused on becoming more efficient and reducing their inventory to get better turns and we partner with them to do that. The only relationships where we have choicefully made move, would be with distributors in some parts of the world, where if we have a liquidity concern, we have changed our go-to-market channels of distribution. And, therefore, if you will already created our own de-stocking by transferring the business elsewhere. And finally, I guess inventory plays into assortment and shelf space with retailers, which also is always under review. And in the main with the reset this year, we have either held position or increased position of the shelf. So the headline answer would be no.
Bill Pecoriello - Consumer Edge Research: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Let's move onto our next question coming from Ali Dibadj with Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Company: Hey guys, wondering whether you could talk a little bit about your philosophy around the elasticity, because it does look like broadly your assesses are getting worse and worse going forward, want to see, how you thought about that and particularly, drilling down perhaps as an example in to Hill's, as if you look at where you had suggested was going to be the Hill's numbers for this quarter, your kind of missed on every single one of those metrics, even with selling, because you even going forward, your assuming volume's going to be negative. So what were you surprised by there, what should we watch out for? And then I have a follow-up on that one?
Ian Cook: Yeah, well Ali, let me talk about pricing in general. What we watch is the consumer obviously. And as I had said, they do work down their pantry, but our market shares continue to either hold or increase and the trading up, we see with consumers continues. As you look at the balance of this year, new pricing that will be taken obviously eases and we have a risk portfolio of innovation which brings value to consumers to come. In the first quarter, as we had to step up in the fourth quarter, we took meaningful pricing because of the transaction impact and our general philosophy is to take that pricing quickly to implement it as the shelf in parts of the world that are very accustomed to devaluation impacts on pricing. And then move on with our traditional marketing programs and recover accordingly. So we're quite comfortable with that. Hill's is a slightly different situation this time. We told you about the pricing that we had already taken or announced at the first part of this year, which played into the volume shift last year and as we had said before, you tend to see a quarterly dip in both the Hill's consumption and the category consumption on the basis that most of the competitor's price at the same time. That did not happen this time. So the Hill's pricing in the first quarter, we elected to maintain and we now understand that competitive pricing has been announced that will take place late in the second quarter of this year. So what is unusual about Hill's in this particular case is that the industry did not move within the same time period and, therefore, it's going to take a couple of quarters before the Hill's business comes back. And indeed, the second quarter is up against a record quarter for last year and we see the business positive on a volume basis in the second half of the year. So a slightly longer lag, because of the decoupling of when our pricing was effective at shelf and when competitors price this time which is different than product.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Company: That makes sense. And a follow-up in terms of benefit after you guess, I am taking pricing as margin expansion and focusing it on SG&A in particular, is that when you break that out a little bit? Certainly, like you with gross margins, right? In terms of the puts and takes, so obviously, negative 210 basis points on advertising. You clearly added, you got a positive basis points from funding the growth, funding the growth, there are some volume de-leverage obviously, pension expense in there and currency. Can you give us just a sense of some of those drivers or maybe there's something I'm missing as well?
Ian Cook: Well, probably not, I guess. We've gone through those component elements that perhaps the only one I would comment on is the advertising to perhaps put that in an appropriate context. We are actually very happy with where our advertising is, both in this quarter, and where we expect it to be for the year. And there are several reasons for that. Some of them I talked about on the fourth quarter call, we are seeing the cost per unit of media coming down, we're seeing that between 5 and 25% depending on which country of the 80 we advertise in it is, we are seeing in some key markets comparative spending coming down meaningfully in some core categories and we have continued as Bina commented with our out shift to do more communication and connection with consumers at the retail level when value decisions are ultimately being made. We had in fact set for ourselves a goal this year to gain 10% saving in terms of cost per advertising unit, we did slightly better than that in the first quarter and look to maintain that over the year, such that overall absolute dollar spending will be down on prior year. We think that our impressions will be up. So we think we've entered the year prudently and our advertising increases over the balance of the year. But I guess that's the only ratio, I would add additional comment on.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Company: Okay, thanks
Operator: Our next call comes from Bill Chappell, SunTrust.
Bill Chappell - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Good morning.
Bina Thompson: Hey, Bill.
Bill Chappell - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Just wanted to follow-up a little bit on Hill's pricing question, I imagine by now that the commodity cost for that business come down or should come down pretty dramatically, so why wouldn't you look to rollback some of the price increases you took last year or step up the couponing of promotional efforts on that business?
Ian Cook: The -- well pricing actually has come down in some, but in others has continued to go up. Indeed, in the aggregate, in terms of the key rule materials, they were up between 18 and 20% in the first quarter. So some of these agro materials we used, some of them quite specialized haven't actually yet started to come down. Now, there's no question Bill, that over the balance of the year, pricing becomes less of the factor for the Hill's business because we do expect those prices to comedown in the, the second half and of course, we will continue with our marketing activities as we continue to manage this balance as flexibly and as agilely as we can. So, we always start with the consumer in mind and in this case I guess its two consumers; the owner and the pet themselves, and very much structure our programs accordingly. So half on half, you're right. You will see that switch but the material prices haven't come down as quickly in this business as some others.
Bill Chappell - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: And just a follow up question, I know this only happens once a decade or so but as we look at the market and you have a strong balance sheet and there seem to be some other distressed properties out there, do you look at acquisitions anymore aggressively or are you pretty comfortable with your portfolio as is?
Ian Cook: Well, I would say, certainly in terms of a notion of would we wish to expand categories, we are very comfortable with our portfolio the way it is. We are always very focused on the opportunity for the right acquisition. In our language, that starts with a category strategy and well path property could add to advancing our strategy like Thomas has and GABA has in recent years and to be sure, if an appropriate property became available at a handsome or advantageous price in this environment, we would be keen as we would have been in the past. So, our approach hasn't really changed only time will tell whether opportunities present themselves.
Bill Chappell - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Great, thank you.
Ian Cook: Thank you.
Operator: Lets move on to Andrew Sawyer with Goldman Sachs.
Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs: Hey guys, I'm wondering if you could address a little bit pricing dynamics in Latin America. I know you're pricing in front of the evaluation but from our perspective, it also seems like you're pricing it a bit ahead of CPI and how the consumers reacted to it. I know you talked positively about Colgate Total expanding, continuing to grow and gain share in Brazil. Can you talk about how the consumers' reacting and maybe, in a comparing contrast to differences between the Mexico and Brazil in the category like toothpaste?
Ian Cook: Thankfully, the consumer seems to be reacting the same way. As Bina said, our Mexico share year-on-year is up five points. Our Brazil share I think, we showed in the release, is just about at 70% and the consumer continues to buy our products, our categories and thankfully our brand. So, I'm not saying we continue to see the consumer staying with the category. And in Latin America for all those markets, new pricing is over the balance of the year, our innovation increases and as I have said earlier, in response to a question, our advertising increases over the balance of the year. So, we think this quarter in all geographies but particularly Latin America was a prudent way to start the year and as Bina said, we have put in place many new techniques on top of all the techniques we use to get us very close to consumers on the weekly and monthly basis in their homes with them in stores, to watch exactly how they are shopping and how their behaviors may be changing and so far they continue to stay with us.
Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs: Okay, thanks very much guys.
Operator: : And next up with Citi Investment Research we have Wendy Nicholson.
Wendy Nicholson - Citi: Hi, my question goes back to the advertising and the promotion trade-off that you are doing, and I just want to understand whether this is sort of a by product of some of the CBP stuff that you did and understanding the value of different types of promotion or how much of this is driven just by the macro environment right now? In other words, philosophically do you think that the advertising level as a percentage of sales which I think the target had been 12% back when you had the last restructuring program, you are kind of creeping up to that, is that off the table, because of your analytics or just because of the market we're in right now?
Ian Cook: A very good question, Wendy. I think it's the combination of factors, if you take the store as real estate to connect with the consumer, you're absolutely spot-on. CBP has been educating us that this is a great place to connect and communicate with folks before they buy and that communication can be a lot deeper and richer than just pure price. So, from our CBP commitment, we were already strategically shifting funds to the retail environment. There is a piece that is related to the environment we are in like the Hill's, feeling is the leading campaign where the value of a quality pet nutrition product is conveyed unlikely we would have done that in flatter environment and frankly on the ad spend side, you've got this enormous buyers' market opportunity to get great quality media at lower cost and remain extremely competitive in a marketplace with the same if not more impressions on the local currency basis, and it seems prudent as business people, that we would take the advantage of that while continuing to build that brand. So, the store piece of it definitely has both components in it but if you get behind it, strategically we were moving that way more and of course that stand is capturing gross to net not in the traditional advertising.
Wendy Nicholson - Citi: And I don't know enough about media companies to know this, but how far out can you lock in those lower rates? I mean in a market like Brazil, can you lock in two years worth of advertising at lower rates or how does that work?
Ian Cook: Again it depends advertising, they say the native countries each one is a local negotiation some of them are still ongoing. So one doesn't want to talk too much. And again, the question of locking in, it's a bit like oil I guess. When would you have wanted to lock in and when not as some are finding out, but I would say you can lock in, you can buy scatter which is basically any forward buy on a weekly or monthly basis or you can negotiate out a year roughly depending on the market situation.
Wendy Nicholson - Citi: Okay, alright that's helpful. And if I can ask just one quick question on Hill's. Your understanding or your sense of the volume declines, these sound like more actual de-stocking issues or category issues, but your sense is not that consumers are making a deliberate choice to trade down to a cheaper type of dog food because I would worry in that category that if you trade down to dog-chow or whatever it is, it is hard to get a consumer to trade back up to buy in the product through the vet or what not. But it doesn't sound like that's happening or can you clarify that for me?
Ian Cook: I can clarify it Wendy, clearly the impact is choosing that the pantry, it will de-stocking before they go back to buy and we have seen category consumption slow after we take a price increase. But interestingly the channels through which we sell, which tend to carry the premium product, continue to grow frankly while math and grocery in that segment are declining. So, people are not switching out if you will a pet nutrition product into a basic product at another channel. They are staying with that behavior to give their pet the benefit that they believe the pet deserves.
Wendy Nicholson - Citi: Terrific, thank you very much.
Operator: Moving on now to Chris Ferrara with Merrill Lynch.
Chris Ferrara - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Hey guys, just wanted to ask about OS this year and I guess, to the extent like in a place like Latin America that your elasticity doesn't seem to be one for one, I guess in other words you don't seem to lose a full point of volume over any longer period of time for every point in pricing that you take. When that pricing left, I guess you logically expect a similar dynamic that, I guess the definition of organic growth probably comes off otherwise pricing comes off, does that makes sense?
Ian Cook: I'm not sure, I fully understood the question Chris. I mean organic growth remains the same definition, but the ratio between price and volume would shift, yes.
Chris Ferrara - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Right, I guess what I am saying is, I guess the first question is, do you think you've lost of point of volume for every point of pricing you've taken in most of these markets?
Ian Cook: It's certainly is not that precise. So, no.
Chris Ferrara - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Right, then I guess the follow-on that would be as pricing eventually anniversaries and goes back down, you also wouldn't expect the full point of volume recovery for every point of pricing that ends up eroding off because of a lapping, is that also right?
Ian Cook: Yes, to the same assets, that's right. The honest answer is you simply can't be that precise from a modeling point of view. The operating reality will be, we think that as the pricing eases with innovation, the fact that we are taking our advertising up over the balance of the year, we will see volume rebound. That's the way I'd say it from an operating point of view.
Chris Ferrara - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: That's great. That helps, thanks. Ian, can I just ask you to give that gross margin walk, I'm just wondering how commodities paced in the quarter?
Ian Cook: Sure, here it is, okay. So, Chris if we take the prior year gross profit which was 57.3 Right, Chris?
Chris Ferrara - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Yeah, yeah.
Ian Cook: Okay, just wanted to picturize and put you to safe side, the pricing was a positive 300 basis points, restructuring negligible 10 basis points as you would expect, funding the growth 80 basis points in line with the first quarter last year, material prices negative 350 basis points. Again about the same as the first quarter last year, down on the fourth quarter and just over half of that was foreign exchange related, all other changes negative 20 and then the current year gross profits the 575. So I think that tracks through it.
Chris Ferrara - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: That's perfect. And does the FX portions, that's basically raw math piece. I am sure the commodities piece keeps going down, as you move on, but does FX, the portion the transaction part, does that get worst next quarter?
Ian Cook: We think it will be a slightly worse in the second quarter on a comparative basis and then start to ease off across the back half of the year.
Chris Ferrara - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Great, thanks a lot. I appreciate it.
Ian Cook: Sure.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Now let's move on to Alice Longley with Buckingham Research.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: Hi, actually I have one housekeeping and then another. On just the corporate which is up, because of the pension cost, could you just give us a guidance for that for the year?
Ian Cook: Yeah. Hold on a SEC.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: And on that also, I'm assuming you're amortizing the increased pension funding needs, so that I shouldn't expect that need to go down in 2010. It will stay elevated for a while?
Ian Cook: Yes, that's right. The pension is about 10, $0.10 from the year between the U.S. and Hill's, evenly spread across the quarters obviously. So I think that answers the pension question.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: Yeah, I can back that out.
Ian Cook: Yeah.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: Okay and then my other question is drilling back down into Hill's where the volume was down. And I'm interested in the category, and you said from your data shows you the consumer still shifting to the specialty channels, can you tell us?
Ian Cook: I didn't say shifting, I said going, yeah.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: Well anyways, the consumer spending on dog food in specialty channels, can you give us the growth rate in volume and then the data that you have from mass channels, can you give us that too and tell us whether that includes Wal-Mart and Price Clubs and my point is that I'm wondering if your data shows better growth in specialty channels in part, because often your data for mass excludes Wal-Mart and Costco may be consumers are going to those channels more?
Ian Cook: But we don't measure on a regular basis, Wal-Mart and grocery because we don't distribute them. So the only data we look at is the Neilson, all outlet panel data and the Neilson track data, which as you say doesn't include Wal-Mart and some other retailers. So I'm only reacting to publicly available data, on the other channels as we're with the pet nutrition channels as well. So I don't have that detail here with me Alice, but it is, we can let you have it subsequently. It's just publicly available data.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: I'm just wondering if the consumer maybe is shifting on from specialty channels to Wal-Mart and the Price Clubs and you just aren't seeing the data, but that could be going on.
Ian Cook: No. I mean that I can answer pretty categorically. The shopping consumer based on the data, we're saying is staying with the in our segment I hate (ph) and to add, not the general pet food product, I'm talking about a specialist pet food product is staying with those outlets because the volume and value is up.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: Okay and maybe Bina will call me later with that data. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question now comes from Bill Schmitz with Deutsche Bank.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Hi, good morning
Ian Cook: Hey, Bill.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Hey, can you talk about the gross margin and percentage guidance for the year? Because I think, now you said it was going to be towards the high end of that 75 to 125 basis points and I think last time, you said it was going to be above than 125. So was that an unintentional change or is it just semantics in the press release?
Ian Cook: It was an intentional semantic change in the press release. There will be we said at least up to the 125 basis points, as I think, I commented on the last call, our current estimate indeed would show a north of that. In other words higher.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: So you think its going to be higher now than last time?
Ian Cook: Higher than the 125.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Okay, got you. Alright. Even in the pantry, it sounds like it was towards the high end of the 125, so.
Ian Cook: As I said, at least and our current estimate shows it higher than a 125 basis points.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Okay great, and then one more question on China. I know it's a huge market for you. But it seems like a lot of the local players now and including the brand that you only brought are starting to really in trends to that market share, is there a plan that kind of attack that? It seems like your shares are also in toothpaste and toothbrushes are weighing a little bit there. So what's the dynamic point out and how do you kind of combat that?
Ian Cook: Sales actually are in China.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: I'm not that bad Nielson did that or maybe both.
Ian Cook: Yeah, the -- but I've said before, it's up at 20 basis points, but it is looking. I think I've said before Bill, the challenge of winning share in China, it's very much about taking consumers away from the local brand, because if you take away the international players there, as you rightly say about half the market, it's still the local brands. And it's not that these brands are cheap, if they cover water front in terms of price point and positioning with some fairly unique flavors. So the simple way of answering the question is, we have an R&D capability in China, we have a flavor capability in China, we have a very rich innovation censor with consumer insight capability in China. And as we look at our innovations flow, we are connecting and more closely than ever with Chinese tastes, and communication desires to engage more aggressively I would say with the local consumer to win their loyalty away from the local brands.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Moving on now to John Faucher with J.P. Morgan.
John Faucher - J.P. Morgan: Yes. Thank you very much. I realized given the volatility in 2009, it's difficult to ask about 2010, but as we look out and try to figure out where margins can go going forward, I guess there's some concern in terms of across the entire universe. How much of the raw material favorability we are going to capture in '09 and drop to the bottom line and same thing with the advertising spend. So realizing you are not going to comment on numbers or anything like that, can you talk with us philosophically about how much of the benefit in those two areas, raw materials, and advertising, you're going to store up and save for next year in case we start to see some of these factors moving in the opposite direction? Thanks.
Ian Cook: Yes John, as usual an extremely profound question but very-very difficult to answer even in the abstract given the volatility swirling around us. So, I don't think I'll even try frankly. If you don't mind. It's very difficult to predict. If you think the macro view on the advertising side some of the big players that are coming out of the marketplace, you have to ask yourself a question, will they be coming back in 2010, Because that obviously will set a framework for how the marketplace might look in some of the key geographies and we haven't even began to take a stand at materials for the coming year.
John Faucher - J.P. Morgan: Well, I guess maybe to sort of just make it a little bit less broad then, do you feel like you are leaving yourself enough cushion hen in terms of not dropping all of it to the bottom line, or do you feel you can given yourself from flexibility because you're obviously put enough good reported numbers, you are eating a pretty big piece of the translational currency impact, I think the market just wants to make sure that there is something else there in case now as we look out things begin to move in the opposite direction?
Ian Cook: Well I think in terms of the way we have approached it, we have been prudent in terms of our approach of the first quarter. We have taken the pricing necessary to begin to solidify the gross profit. We are taking advantage on the media side and we think there is more to come across the balance of the year and of course as we discussed briefly on the call, the last time the organizational and therefore overhead benefit of the changes we have been working towards over the last four years will continue to play out. On top of that, we have the Colgate Business Planning which we are continuing to use to find more efficiency in the spending. So, I do think between all of those areas that we have, we are providing ourselves enough runway or agility to manage the company going forward.
John Faucher - J.P. Morgan: Okay, thank you.
Ian Cook: Okay.
Operator: And next from Caris we have Linda Bolton Weiser.
Linda Weiser - Caris & Company: Thank you, can you just kind of clarify because may be I kind of missed the concept here, of why you're confident that overall volume will be up in this second quarter, even though you're saying that the Hill's volume will rebound really balance of the second half. Is that just a new product you have planned or what gives you confidence?
Ian Cook: Well, it is the combination of things Linda, First and I haven't sort of talked about the strategy much so far this morning. I thought we continue to believe that the full pronged strategic initiatives we've been deploying over the last five years are still spot-on, which is this focus on the consumer, the profession and the customer innovation, efficiency and of course the Colgate leaders, about make it happen and in terms of what they are making happen as we move forward in the year. Number one, our innovation stream gets stronger. Number two, new pricing eases over the balance of the year, so there is less new price entering the marketplace. And three; our advertising investment increases on a ratio basis as we go forward, lifting impressions in the local marketplace. So it is those three factors I guess, driven by the strategy that give us the planning confidence going forward.
Linda Weiser - Caris & Company: Okay. And then just let me ask because there's a lot of speculation about what's going on in Mexico? Is there any impact on your business because of the Swine flu situation there in Mexico?
Ian Cook: Not really. We obviously are watching it very, very closely. We are keeping our people out of harm's way and taking all the right hygiene actions but we haven't seen an impact on the business. Our facilities we've view as being strategically important in terms of people washing their bodies, et cetera. So we're keeping our facilities open but we're just keeping a very close on it.
Linda Weiser - Caris & Company: Has retail store traffic got impacted a lot?
Ian Cook: We've actually seen at least in the beginning a little bit of on an uptick if consumers bought a little bit more perhaps with some of the, I guess tomorrow will be a vacation day there, in terms of May Day, as the people have bought forward volume, but it's too early to start to make statements about what's going to happen at retail.
Linda Weiser - Caris & Company: Thank you
Operator: Next up from Barclays we have Lauren Lieberman
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: Thanks. Good morning
Ian Cook: Hi Lauren.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: Hello, I just wanted to ask a bit about Western Europe. Because in the press release that was I think you said that volume in the UK was down but market shares were up and knowing how big a market that is, you want to either comment a little bit if it trends in retail, if there is new pricing that went in the quarter through the dynamic there and then France and Italy where seems that both shares and volumes are down, you look from an a competitors standpoint?
Ian Cook: Yeah, I'll say that we normally get into a country by country, I mean for Europe -- we have in the, if you take the Western Europe, Western European market now, we have seen some category contractions in France and in Italy, I don't think that is particularly new news. We have obviously taken pricing in Europe which may not be at the levels, it is in other geographies but nonetheless, is a factor in the European market, and in the UK the slowdown we are seeing there traces I think to the timing of promotional activity with a slow start to the year. I think the more underlying condition is more on the Western European mainland.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: Okay. And then was volume down significantly in Eastern Europe, how big I guess is the gap between Western and then Central and Eastern?
Ian Cook: The volume was down much less in Central and Eastern Europe than in Western Europe. And indeed if you take that whole sort of Eastern Europe, Russia and Middle East, aggregate group of countries, the volume was actually up.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: Okay, great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Listeners (ph) are now taking the question from Alec Patterson.
Alec Patterson - RCM: Thanks, and for whatever reason the first quarter always seems to come up shy that did again this quarter. Could you speak to what you are expecting from the program this year and what its ongoing contribution could be?
Ian Cook: One second Alec. Yeah, we're, if you look going forward, you are right. We do always tend to face a little bit lighter at the beginning of the year. As we look going forward our current estimate would be a broadly in line with prior year full year, so the same kind of progression that we have seen in previous years.
Alec Patterson - RCM: Okay. That's helpful. And just to clarify and answer to the question before. You were talking about the advertising spend increasing through the rest of the year and I'm trying to understand that was that increasing from the way that which it came in Q1 or increasing year-over-year going forward. I'm sorry, just clarify that?
Ian Cook: Yes. Indeed Alec I shall. It was increasing from the first quarter rate of advertising across the balance of the year.
Alec Patterson - RCM: So you mean like as a percent of sales that would be higher, is that what your?
Ian Cook: Exactly so yes.
Alec Patterson - RCM: Okay, great. Thank you.
Ian Cook: You are welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Connie Maneaty with BMO Capital Markets.
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets: Hi. I also have a question about Swine flu, but mostly, since we are worried and years ago about bird flu and SARS, have you changed the way you manage event risk and if the World Health Organization moved this up from Level 5 to Level 6 which some news reports say its going to do, does it change in any way the way you do business? And then finally in Mexico apparently things are going to close for five days not for May Day, can you give us an estimate of how that would affect your business there?
Ian Cook: The well Connie, a good question on a very topical subject. First of all, we have a very well established risk management procedure as it relates to such health matters, of course very well developed at the time with of the Avian Flu in Asia. So yes we do have it. We have deployed it before and we stand ready to deploy it again at the most basic level, obviously the first thing one manages is the travel of the executives both in country and around the world. But we do have a very well established plan. Secondly, now I'm very well aware that there's a close down in Mexico until May, the 5th, we have not closed down as I try to suggest on the earlier answer we're keeping our facilities open because the personal care product we provide, we were providing the everyday hygiene benefit that the World Health Organization and others are suggesting that consumers avail of. I think in terms of any retail impact on the business, we will all have to take stock of where the marketplace is after May the 5th.
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets: And just a follow up, do you make any hand sanitizer or disinfectants?
Ian Cook: We do not make disinfective, we make obviously body and hand cleaning products and regular washing of hands is of course one of the key practices.
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, thanks.
Operator: : Ladies and gentlemen, we have time for one final question and that will come from Jason Gere with RBC Capital Markets.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets: Hi, good morning or good afternoon. Just a quick one. I guess I was wondering if you could talk about your strategy of managing profitability versus volume growth in share in some of the non-oral care categories, specifically homecare when you're soon to be anniversaring some of these higher cost inflation that we saw last year. Thanks.
Ian Cook: Yeah, we have a very vibrant homecare business. It is of course more regional than our oral care business. As we look at it from a organic growth point of view, interestingly our homecare business is up about 7%, our personal care business, up about the same 7% and the oral care business, up north of 9%. So where we have our homecare business, we apply the same strategies that we apply to our other strategic businesses. We bring innovation. We have indeed offset costs in these businesses but we continue to manage them for organic and market share growth. So we don't think about them differently from a strategic point of view.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And actually can I just ask one more, as we're talking about Mexico and I know after May 5th is when we'll probably get more clarity, if there are impacts would you treat this -- I assume you would as a one time item in the second quarter or strip it out for us on the next conference call?
Ian Cook: Let's see where this goes yet Jason, it's -- I think it's too early to poll. Let's see where it goes.
Jason Gere - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks.
Ian Cook: Okay. Well, thanks everyone for calling in. Thank you to all of the Colgate people around the world who make all of this happen and look forward to catching up with you on the next call.
Operator: That does conclude today's call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-01-29 11:00:00) =====
:
Executives: Bina Thompson  VP of IR Ian Cook  Chairman, President and CEO
Analysts: Alice Longley  Buckingham Research Ali Dibadj  Sanford Bernstein Lauren Lieberman  Barclays John Faucher  JP Morgan Bill Schmitz  Deutsche Bank Chris Ferrara  Banc of America Wendy Nicholson  Citi Investment Research Andrew Sawyer  Goldman Sachs Joe Altobello  Oppenheimer Linda Bolton-Weiser  Caris Connie Maneaty  BMO Capital Markets Alec Patterson  RCM
Operator: Good day and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company Fourth Quarter and Year-end 2008 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgate.com. Just as a reminder there may be a slight delay before the question-and-answer session begins due to the Web simulcast. At this time, for opening remarks, I would like to turn the conference over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson. Please go ahead, maam.
Bina Thompson: Thank you, James, good morning, everybody, and welcome to our fourth quarter earnings release conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, Chairman and CEO; Steve Patrick, CFO; Dennis Hickey, Corporate Controller; and Ed Filusch, Treasurer. This conference call will include forward-looking statements. These statements are made on the basis of our views and assumptions as of this time and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual events or results may differ materially from those statements. For information about certain factors that could cause such differences, investors should consult our Annual Report on 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on our Website including the information set forth under the caption Risk Factors and Cautionary Statements and Forward-looking Statements. We will discuss our results and expectations excluding charges relating to eh 2004 Restructuring Program and certain other items pertaining to the 12 months ended 2007. In addition, we will also discuss organic sales growth, which is sales excluding the impact of foreign exchange, acquisitions, and divestitures. A full reconciliation of these measures with their corresponding GAAP measures is included in the press release and the Company's financial statements, and is posted on the Investor Relations page of our website at www.colgate.com. And we will be glad to answer any questions you may have, including or excluding these items, as you wish. We are very pleased that we finished the year 2008 with good momentum and market shares up around the world. Organic sales increased 9% for the third quarter in a row and we expect similar organic growth in 2009. Of particular note, our organic sales in Latin America, which grew 17.5%, the highest growth rate for the year. As you know, part of this is due to a very disciplined program of price increases in every region of the world, which has helped us offset to a certain extent increases in raw material costs. Our gross margin declined as a result of the continuation of an unprecedented increase in raw material cost as well the foreign exchange impact of the stronger dollar. We, like other companies in our industry, are beginning to see signs of lower input cost, which bodes well for 2009. In addition, our ongoing effort to become more efficient is paying in reduced overhead costs, which were down almost a full point on a percent of sales basis. Advertising decreased in the quarter as media costs and levels of spending declined. Importantly, spending remained competitive in most markets and the good market share performance around the world continues. Speaking of market shares, I just want to spend a moment on private label. There has been some concern that in these tough economic times the consumer will trade down to lower-priced products including private label. And with the exception of Western Europe where private label in some commoditized categories has always been a more significant factor, worldwide private label penetration is in the low-to mid-single percentage, and has not grown meaningfully in a majority of our categories. For instance, here in the U.S., toothpaste private label is at about half of 1% and essentially non-existent in the emerging markets of Latin America and Greater Asia. Even in Europe, private label penetration of toothpaste is under 5%. And in addition, within our toothpaste portfolio, we continue to see the consumer trade up to added value products like Colgate Total, which provide a real added benefit. Our new product activity throughout 2008 was robust and the pipeline for new products in 2009 is as full as it has ever been. And youll hear more about some exciting new products as we go through the divisions. Our balance sheet is very strong as it always has been and we are very pleased that our inventory and receivable days are down from the year-ago period. In fact, inventory days are at their lowest level in eight quarters and receivables days are at the lowest level in 15 years. Further, from a liquidity standpoint, we are in very good shape with continued access to capital as we need it and at very favorable rates. So, good performance as we exit 2008. Clearly the year 2009 presents challenges to every one. There is headwinds from currency and a tenuous macroeconomic climate around the world. But we think we have the programs in place and the history of managing through difficult times to again deliver very solid results this year on both the top and bottom line. So, lets turn the divisions starting with North America. Volume in North America decline 3.5% while organic sales grew 3%. You know, of course, that we took significant price increases in the U.S. in the second half of 2008, which temporarily affected volumes. You may recall we saw the same phenomenon in our Hills business earlier in the year. And you will hear in a moment about some exciting new products, which should help further drive volume in North America in the first quarter. As referenced in the press release, our U.S. market shares are healthy, fueled by advertising support on our base business and behind a number of new products. Let me tell you about two exciting 2009 new products, both of which well be shipping towards the end of the first quarter. The first is Colgate Wisp [ph]. Colgate Wisp is a single-use mini brush with a breath freshening bead. This product delivers on the currently unmet need of on-the-go tooth cleaning. There is no need to rinse, so consumers can use it anywhere, any time of the day. The freshening bead dissolves as you brush and the molded bristles of the brush remove plaque and bits of food. In addition, there is a soft stick at the other end of the brush for hard to reach places. Consumers have told us that they want a fresh, clean mouth on the go. Gums and mints and strips of the current solution, but their effects are perceived to be short-lived and superficial. Consumers dont want to carry around a toothbrush and toothpaste, so continuing Wisp provides a convenient and innovative solution for cleaning teeth away from home. The initial trade reaction to the product has been very positive as Wisp should provide innovation and incremental sales to the oral care isle. The second new product is Softsoap Ausom [ph], a premium priced pump and resale cartridge system for liquid hand soap. As you know, consumers view liquid soap as not just a product for washing hands, but also as a decorative item on the sink. Ausom comes in three styles to appeal to different tastes, a classic contemporary design, a bold design, and a minimalist design. It also encourages environmentally friendly behavior. The reusable pump is designed to last up to three years and the decorative bottles can be recycled. Its priced at a premium to the regular Softsoap line but costs less than the hand soaps available at specialty shops while offering the same decorative look along with the value of a reseller. In addition to these two exciting new products we will also be shipping a number of other new products referenced in this mornings press release  Continuing Max White and Colgate Sensitive Enamel Protect toothpaste, Palmolive Aroma Sensations hand dish liquid, Speed Stick Pro and Lady Speed Stick Spa deodorants, and Colgate Max White manual toothbrush. Looking ahead, volume in North America for the first quarter is expected to grow modestly and should be up mid-single digit for the full year. Organic sales are expected to increase mid-single digit for the first quarter and full year. Operating profit should increase double digit for the first quarter and full year, up absolutely and as a percent of sales. Turning then to Europe, South Pacific. The macro economic conditions in Western Europe continue to be very depressed with consumer confidence at very low level, but despite that our higher margin in oral care business is up in volume in the quarter and in addition we were able to realize selling price increases in the region for the second quarter in a row. Encouragingly, our market shares are holding as well. We saw good volume growth in many countries including large markets such as Germany and Australia, and our GABA business continues to perform well as we continue to expand into new countries and channels. For 2008, both the sales and profit for the GABA business were ahead of our initial projections as originally presented to the Board of Directors at the time of purchase. Our strong toothpaste market share performance was referenced in the press release. Our manual toothbrush shares continue to increase, up in virtually every country. Australia has been showing particularly good momentum with shares up almost four full points on a year-to-date basis to 54% with the most recent reading at 55.2%. In the mouthwash category, new products continue to drive the business with very impressive performance in Australia where the share has gone from 20.7% in 2006 to 27.1% in 2008. Our bar soap market shares are up across the region with particularly strong performance across Eastern Europe where our share is now over 20%. So, looking ahead, volume in Europe/South Pacific should increase modestly both the first quarter and full year 2009. Organic sales are expected to grow slightly more than volume. Operating profit is expected to decline in both the first quarter and for full year 2009 due to foreign exchange although it should be up as a percent of sales in both periods. Latin America. We are very encouraged by the continued solid performance in this region. Overall, category growth in most major markets is still positive and this is reflected in our results. Importantly. We still saw volume growth in Mexico where we are beginning to see some effects from the U.S. recession. And as one moves further South in the region the businesses get stronger. Results in Brazil were very strong with volume up double digits. We gained market share across the region in toothpaste, toothbrushes, mouthwash, bar soap, shower gels, shampoo, and dishwashing liquid. As referenced in the press release, our toothpaste and toothbrush shares are reaching record highs across the region. In Brazil, our most recent toothpaste share is at 69.8% almost 70% of the market. Colgate Total was the driver of this growth, up 70 basis points, reaching a new record share of 14.6%, which is particularly interesting given the 200 index price versus our base business and has continued growth momentum in times of economic uncertainty. We recently also achieved market leadership in the toothbrush category in Brazil. In Mouthwash, our share is up over five points year-to-date, reducing the gap with our nearest competitor from 30 points to under 20 points. In Brazil, one of our largest mouthwash markets, we have now gained market leadership with our market share up over four points on a year-to-date basis. Despite continued competitive activity in this category, our Colgate Plax business continues to grow behind enhanced in-store activity as well as media support behind our latest innovations of Colgate Plax Ice and Colgate Place Whitening. In bar soaps, we continue to strengthen our market leadership across the region, and this is despite having taken fairly significant price increases throughout the year. In Brazil we reached a record share of almost 22.5%, up 1.5 point on a year-to-date basis. All four equities [ph] Palmolive Naturals, Palmolive Amazonia, Palmolive Nutri-Milk, and Protex are performing well, most of which are premium priced offerings. Looking ahead, volume in Latin America is expected to increase mid-single digit for the first quarter and full year 2009. Organic sales are projected to be up double digits for both periods. Operating profit is expected to grow high-single digits, up absolutely and as a percent of sales for both the first quarter and full year. Asia/Africa. This region continues to show good growth. Both India and Russia had very good volume gains accompanied by good share performance. Volume in Greater China was down lapping a strong year-ago quarter. In addition, several rounds of price increases took effect early in first quarter, which resulted in forward buying in the third quarter. However, as mentioned in the press release, our toothpaste market share is up strongly year-over-year. Importantly, in most of our major markets, including China, we still see very solid category growth. And despite concerns over the Russian Economy, our business there continues to be solid. Market shares were up in toothpaste, toothbrushes and shower gels and stable in soap and deodorants. As we told you last quarter, weve also launched our GABA Elmex brand in the Russian pharmacy channel and that is steadily increasing market share. Our toothbrush share in Russia is now about 50%, up over three full points from the year-ago period. A greater focus on in-store presentations and activities across categories has contributed to the good business performance in this vast country. In India, our toothpaste share is even on a year-to-date business at 48.4% that reached 49.2% in the latest period. Our Indian toothbrush share is now almost 38%, up well over a point from the year ago. In Thailand, we launched Colgate Plax mouthwash in the second quarter. Our first entry in the region. And by the end of the fourth quarter, we had a 16% share. We hope to replicate this success in other countries in the region where it is being introduced this quarter. So, looking ahead, volume in Greater Asia/Africa is expected to be up mid-to high-single digit for the first quarter and full year 2009 with organic sales expected to increase double digit for both periods. Operating profit is expected to be up double digit for the first quarter and the full year, increasing absolutely and as a percent of sales. Hills. Hills continues to perform well despite the headwinds of increased commodity cost. This has necessitated significant price increases. Pricing was up 10.5% for the full year 2008, and we expect increases of a similar magnitude for 2009, about half of which is carryover from 2008. And as you know, our competition has taken price increases as well. So to help the consumer who might feel some sticker shock, weve continued our Feeding is Believing program we told you about last quarter. This program features cost per day messaging, reinforcing the relatively low cost to feed dogs and cats, our premium nutrition. Another effect of the weakening economy here in the U.S. is an increase in dogs and cats needing homes and pet shelters. Science Diet supports shelter with its Shelter Nutrition Partnership program. This program provides each shelter with a free precisely balanced pet nutrition they need to help their pets get healthy so they can get adopted faster. And in addition it encourages recommendation of Hills pet food by the shelter. Looking ahead, volume at Hills is expected to be up very modestly in the first quarter and low-single digit for the full year 2009. Organic sales should increase double digit in the first quarter and full year and operating profit is expected to be up high-single digit in the first quarter and double digit for the full year 2009. So, in summary, we are extremely pleased with the way that weve finished the year 2008 particularly given the external challenges that we and other companies are facing. Colgate people around the world are all focused on our strategies and priorities, thereby delivering consistent strong results. We expect this momentum to continue in 2009, and look forward to sharing our progress with you as we go throughout the year. And that, James, is the end of my prepared remarks, and we would like to open it up for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. Todays question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically for the telephone audience. (Operator instructions) Well take our first question of the day from Alice Longley with Buckingham Research.
Alice Longley  Buckingham Research: My question is about Latin America. I dont think this is clear from your comments. Are you anticipating operating margins to be up, down, or flat in 09?
Ian Cook: Good morning, Alice, thanks for the question. As Bina said, we were very pleased with the continued strong performance of Latin America in the fourth quarter and when we look forward to 2009, we expect the top line to keep growing double digits from an organic point of view. And from an operating point of view, we do expect to see margin expansion in 2009 from 2008.
Alice Longley  Buckingham Research: Okay, excellent, thank you.
Ian Cook: Sure.
Operator: Next well go with Ali Dibadj of Sanford Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj  Sanford Bernstein: Hey guys, good morning.
Ian Cook: Good morning, Ali.
Ali Dibadj  Sanford Bernstein: I wanted to get a little bit more granularity if possible in the difference around the kind of split between pricing and volumes. So first off, how should we think about the pricing and volumes between oral care and non oral care, just to get a sense of elasticity between those two categories given that you are not mostly toothpaste. And then as part of that understanding a little bit more about the volume declines, were those driven do you think because of the pricing so there is elasticity in action there or because of just a slowdown in the consumer. So any help you can give us there would be instructive going forward.
Ian Cook: Yes, I think I used the word the last time, Ali, balance. And obviously I think in the tumultuous times, we are all living and operating through one needs to find the right balance over the medium term between pricing and volume. And I think so far we have demonstrated an ability to do that with the maintained organic growth at 9%. So, when we think of that, I mean lets take the big picture going forward first, we obviously have pricing effects in 2009 as a component of that organic growth and that is a combination of rollover pricing already taken in 2008 and well implemented in the marketplace and pricing to be taken in 2009 some 90% of which is already effective in the marketplace. And relative to the volume impact of pricing, what we have seen empirically before, and Bina talked to, in the U.S. and with Asia is that when you take pricing, you usually see a category volume slowdown as the consumer de-stocks entry and then about a quarter later the consumer comes back into the category and that is how we have seen it play out and thats how we are thinking about it going forward. In our categories in general, we have good loyalty to our products particularly in oral care and personal care where consumers have an emotional connection to the brand you see that in the relative lack of private label penetration around the world, not just here in the United States. And so we have seen continued usage of products in our portfolio and continued growth in our categories when you get beyond the short-term impact of actually taking the price.
Ali Dibadj  Sanford Bernstein: And just as a follow-up because I am not quite on this particular part, which is how much pricing, how much of the pricing was in oral care categories versus non oral care categories?
Ian Cook: We  I dont have that breakdown, Ali, and we have taken pricing across categories around the world, not just in oral care.
Ali Dibadj  Sanford Bernstein: Okay, thanks.
Ian Cook: Sure.
Operator: Next, well hear from Lauren Lieberman of Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman  Barclays: Good morning.
Ian Cook: Good morning, Lauren.
Lauren Lieberman  Barclays: My first question was just about advertising, so today you said it was both the absolute level of spending as well as the rates, but I am just a little surprised that you could negotiate rates that quickly and was wondering if youd actually sort of planned ahead maybe six months ago the lowering your absolute of spending regardless of rates as you saw sort of the external environment changing.
Ian Cook: Yes, Lauren, say its a multi-faceted area, obviously. We advertise in over 80 countries around the world and those markets can vary widely, but let me give you three general themes which apply throughout. One, and this varies by market, but we did see category come down in some of our key markets around the world and that allowed one to stay very helpfully competitive in terms of consumer communication but at a lower cost. We, secondly have seen starting in the fourth quarter and continuing this year some meaningful downward moves in the costs of advertising media varying by the type of advertising you buy, broadcast, cable, print, and also varying by country where we have seen reductions anything from mid-single digits to north of 25%. And those were available in select markets in the fourth quarter and we took advantage of that and expect to take advantage of it further in 2009. And the third is, as I think I mentioned on the last call, part of connecting with consumer is not just about the traditional broadcast media, but is increasingly about the kind of messaging we put to the consumer at the store level, which is often captured in the gross to net calculation and that too in selected markets around the world we are finding more effective in terms of connecting with the consumer around the value proposition in these times. So it is all three of those things together, which benefited us not just in the fourth quarter but we expect into 2009.
Lauren Lieberman  Barclays: Okay, so should we look for  I am just assuming then by your comments we should look for advertising as a percentage of sales to be down similarly in 09 maybe not to the magnitude that it was in the fourth quarter but may be the full year on your 08 versus 07?
Ian Cook: The way we have our plan right now, Lauren, is that the from percent of sales point of view in 2009 we are holding roughly flat with the full year 2008 ratio. So thats how we are looking at it from a income statement point of view.
Lauren Lieberman  Barclays: Okay, thats great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from John Faucher of JP Morgan.
John Faucher  JP Morgan: Yes, thank you very much.
Ian Cook: Good morning, John.
John Faucher  JP Morgan: Good morning, Ian. As you look back at sort of the suddenness of the raw material impact on your gross margin last year as you go through particularly the first two or three quarters of 2008, I think the order of magnitude impact was higher than you guys had anticipated at the beginning of the year and higher than we anticipated and so as you look at whats happened with oil year-over-year is the level of suddenness going to pick up dramatically here? I mean it seems like given the fact that you guys have a lower raw material as a percentage of revenues, you guys have  you have seen as much gross margin impact as some of your HPC peers that we look at. And it seems as though that this should be relatively sudden as it flows through. Is there something that I am missing here?
Ian Cook: Let me take a crack at it, John, and see if I capture the thought. As we look forward into 2009, as you say, we benefit from the raw materials. Obviously in the fourth quarter we suffered the impact of the transaction effects on the margin because the impact of the foreign exchange hits quicker than your ability to price. So, we have taken, as I said, pricing to offset that. And as we look at the flow across 2009, if thats the heart o your question, on a full year basis, we are estimating that our gross profit will be well above the 75 to 125 basis point range we have talked about before. But as we move into 2009 with the inventory effect, some forward buys, and the impact of pricing of the shelf, we see our first quarter gross profit around the same level as the first quarter of 2008, which will be of course up on the fourth quarter but flat with the prior year. So thats the pacing of the impact of cost, pricing, and foreign exchange as it relates to gross profit.
John Faucher  JP Morgan: Okay. So is it the forward buying then that potentially  because again I would ask  it seems like the impact, the negative impact was quicker through the first couple of quarters of last year. Does that imply that you guys did a little bit more forward buying as prices rose or are we just trying to reach too much into the quarterly fluctuations.
Ian Cook: With respect one may be reading a little bit too much into it. There is a customary inventory lag and there in the fourth quarter there is the lag between the transaction impact of price and the impact of pricing on the shelf, which translates through the income statement.
John Faucher  JP Morgan: Okay, great, thank you very much.
Ian Cook: Sure.
Operator: The next question comes from Bill Schmitz with Deutsche Bank.
Bill Schmitz  Deutsche Bank: Hi, good morning.
Ian Cook: Hey, Bill.
Bill Schmitz  Deutsche Bank: Hey, just on Latin America, I mean what would it take to see the slowdown down there because you see some of the big macro indicators, for instance auto sales in Brazil were down 40%. So I was just wondering I mean what does it take to all the way down to sort of the staples level to see a material slowdown?
Ian Cook: Thats a very deep economic question, Bill. Our view on Latin America from the ground up based on what we see is that our categories continue to grow. And you mentioned Brazil. We keep very close to the split between our premium business and our entry price business. You know, around the world even though oftentimes one tends to talk about the premium products we have, we have a whole portfolio of products we offer in each of our categories at different price points, different sizes, different pack configurations, to cover the rural and entry level consumer all the way up to the urban consumer. But if you take Total with its 200 price index in Brazil, that continues to build market share in Brazil. The category continues to grow and of course our market share continues to grow and what we see from a behaviorally point of view is that in these categories, consumers are looking for value. And value in many of these health and wellness categories is back to a term that Mike Tangney who used to run our Latin American division coined, this notion of affordable luxury. And so discretionary items may have to go by the wayside, but the consumer continues to vote to buy quality products that deliver a health benefit, which she continues to see has a relative value she is willing to pay. And we havent seen that change.
Bill Schmitz  Deutsche Bank: Okay, that makes sense. I mean I guess the difference between Latin America and Europe is that you are not really building sort of grams per user per year, is that the best way to describe it? So, even if you had a bigger macro slowdown down there, there still is a consumption gain going on?
Ian Cook: That would be a way of looking at it, Bill. Clearly the European market is more penetrated and the per caps higher than Latin America.
Bill Schmitz  Deutsche Bank: Okay, great. And then just one last one. On the other expense line, is that mostly currency and then should we assume thats going be sort of that $50 million level for all of 09 per quarter?
Ian Cook: One second, Bill. Yes the  its a collection of things, Bill. But it is essentially one-time legal some plant startup and some financing costs and as we think about 2009 I think 25 a quarter is a reasonable estimate.
Bill Schmitz  Deutsche Bank: Okay, got you. So the fourth quarter was more of an anomaly?
Ian Cook: One time, yes.
Bill Schmitz  Deutsche Bank: Okay, great, thank you so much.
Operator: Chris Ferrara with Banc of America has the next question.
Chris Ferrara  Banc of America: Hey, good morning guys.
Ian Cook: Good morning, Chris.
Chris Ferrara  Banc of America: Just wanted to go into pricing a little bit in Latin America. I guess obviously its a very big number, its accelerating even as the volume is accelerating, and Ian I think you said last quarter people just come to expect as their currencies are weakening in most of these markets that you are going to see Colgate toothpaste higher on the shelf. Can you just talk about I guess how you execute that and is everyone else on the shelf  in categories and markets where you are not 85% of the market  is everyone moving up in tandem, is every one facing the same sort of currency issues you are? And I guess what do you watch out for on the risk side? How do you know when you might be pricing too much?
Ian Cook: Well, thats sort of the beginning. We have a very well ingrained  in fact it was one of my first general manager experiences in the 80s  we have a well ingrained in Latin America that when devaluation occurs and the foreign exchange hits the costs of the product and your balance sheet, we take pricing up to offset that. We have been doing that for over 20 years. The Latin America has been dealing with that for the same period of time. And thats not just toothpaste. Thats across all categories that she buys. Now some companies when the devaluations occur linger before they take pricing up perhaps seduced by the volume and then pay the economic penalty on the repurchase of raw materials for the category. So our discipline is to bring the pricing to the marketplace quickly and the experience over a long period of time is that other competitors in like categories do bring their pricing up even if there is a lag between us and the customer. And I can tell you from visits over many, many years, the Latin American consumer is very adept at adjusting to different prices on the shelf at retail and continues to buy the category. Now, on the watch out side, obviously we watch the category growth, which as I have said, continues to grow. And we watch mix within the category back to the premium versus the entry price point to see if a consumer al though still buying Colgate, starts to trade down from a premium offering to a another brand, another variant within our portfolio. And so far, as an example, with Brazil, we have seen the consumer continuing to buy the premium end. So those are the things we watch for any early signs of downward movement.
Chris Ferrara  Banc of America: Great, thats really helpful. And then just a quick follow-up at the risk of being too nit-picky but I mean I think organic sales Latin America I think you said you expected in I guess and Bina your commentary double-digit growth for the rest of the year and I thought last quarter you guys have said mid-teens. I know mid-teens is double digits also but is there anything to that change in outlook there?
Ian Cook: One second. The  well, if we look at Latin America, the estimate we look at for 2009 sees us as Bina said, that continuation of double digit and mid-teens would very much be there.
Chris Ferrara  Banc of America: So there is nothing at all to that change in how you decided to word it?
Ian Cook: No.
Chris Ferrara  Banc of America: Great, thanks a lot.
Operator: Next, well hear from Wendy Nicholson with Citi Investment Research.
Wendy Nicholson  Citi Investment Research: Good morning.
Ian Cook: Good morning, Wendy.
Wendy Nicholson  Citi Investment Research: My question has to do with something weve heard from some of the other folks who either pre-announce or who have already reported earnings. A bunch of your competitors have talked about fourth quarter results being depressed due to inventory de-stocking both in the U.S. at the big retailers, but also overseas at some of the wholesalers and distributors. Is that something that played a part in your results at all? Is that just a function of your business mix or do you think you went into this cycle with leaner inventories?
Ian Cook: Well, two things, one, I think we have said before that when we take pricing we certainly do see the inventory effect of pantry de-stocking by the consumer although that is temporary, so we do see that effect and have seen that effect and expect to see that effect when we take pricing. But when we look at our distributors and our retailers around the world, yes, everyone is looking to be more efficient from a cash point of view and yes, everyone is being very focused on inventory, but thats a normal order of business at least in terms of the relationships we have with retailers and we have thus far had enough visibility to work it through our business model. So I guess perhaps the way we work with the retailers allows us to take those adjustment which are a normal part of operating business, not just in these times and not have that be an impact to the growth of the company.
Wendy Nicholson  Citi Investment Research: But is it fair to say when you take that pricing, for example, in Latin America to offset the devaluation you dont see the pantry de-stocking that you were just talking about? I mean 5% volume growth doesnt seem like people de-stock much at all.
Ian Cook: The pantries arent just loaded in Latin America as they are in the developed markets, but you are right, you are right, you are right.
Wendy Nicholson  Citi Investment Research: And then my second question goes back to sort of a combination of what you are talking about on advertising I guess and pricing. The advertising reduction is obviously terrific, it sounds like you are getting a lot bigger bang for your buck and I suspect some of that is sort of CBP learnings as well as just the macro environment, but does it also vary much by category? So, for example, in the bar soap business where your raw materials I think (inaudible) oils have come down so much, its a little bit more of a commodity category. Is that where you are raising promotional spending yet doing more advertising still on the core toothpaste offering or am I off-based in that assumption?
Ian Cook: You know it is a mixture of things, Wendy. There is no sort of a one-size-fits-all answer, but lets take bar soaps for the sake of argument where last year we did have a very significant impact of tallow, which of course since reversed itself. But we took very significant pricing on bar soaps and would [ph] along with other competitors have scaled back our advertising in that category, and so share has increased. So perhaps because the consumers were in some of these emerging markets going more with bars than higher priced liquid alternatives, for example. So we manage each business as we need to. The keys are to present the right value to the consumer and then to connect with the consumer on the benefit of the product in the best possible way. And sometimes that gives more to what we would call traditional media and sometimes that gives more to in-store advertising, if I can call it that, which connects when the consumer is actually making the final decision.
Wendy Nicholson  Citi Investment Research: Got it. Thats very helpful. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Andrew Sawyer with Goldman Sachs
Andrew Sawyer  Goldman Sachs: Thanks guys. I was wondering if you can talk a little bit more on the pricing element of your guidance and I guess whats kind of striking to me is you talk a lot about a lot of your big cost of doing business going down whether its advertising down 5% to 258% or a lot of commodity prices being down a lot more than that. It still feels like in your guidance we are talking about fresh price increases going into place. And I appreciate that some thats reflecting covering devaluations and the like, but even on a local currency basis in Latin America, are costs really going up that much and I guess tied to that I guess your guidance seems to imply several hundred basis points of Latin American margin expansion next year. So if you are able to produce that will the competitors feel the same need to take pricing down there as well?
Ian Cook: Well, let me comment that in a few different ways, Andrew. First of all, relative to the transaction impact of currency in Latin America and other emerging markets, historically, we have priced because we have a very clear discipline in that area and competition has priced sometimes they price less quickly. But the markets move there because devaluation is a known commodity in those markets.
Andrew Sawyer  Goldman Sachs: I guess is there a difference this time with oil down 60% or 70% so the price of oil in reals is actually still down year-over-year even with the deval?
Ian Cook: The cost benefit that we did on the materials is in there. I am just talking about the transaction impact of the currency change, which is significant in its own right. And if I back up on the pricing I mean although we took significant pricing in 2008, we only offset a little more than the dollar impact of the costs, not the ratio impact in the income statement. And when we look at the pricing, we are talking about in 2009, as I said a little earlier, 90% of it is already announced and taken in the marketplace and 40% of it is rollover from 2008. So for all intents and purposes, the substantial majority of the pricing has already been taken.
Andrew Sawyer  Goldman Sachs: Maybe just to follow-up on that, is there any way you can kind of frame for us where you think the push back from retailers or competitors against price increases will be most severe versus where it could be less severe. You know, as an example, you have very high share positions in toothpaste in Mexico, so very an area of price increases where you feel safe versus maybe liquid soap in the U.S. where you have consumers trading down and the like.
Ian Cook: Yes, again, I think, Andrew, it comes back to portfolio. I mean Bina gave an example in liquid hand soap where with a very unique offering that is patented, we create value because the initial unit being very attractive, generates a high value and therefore a higher price but you deliver continued value in the refill. It would be fair to say that the level of pricing is higher in the emerging markets where you face the transaction impact at a greater level and lower in the more developed markets. In the U.S. you get the cost benefits most directly to the income statement. So it varies by geography and it varies by category but its all about using the full array of offerings you have in your product portfolio to cover all of the consumer segments. And the retail partners that we work with, I mean we are both interested in connecting with the consumer and growing the categories by offering value and thats the discussion we will continue to have and have had for many years with retailers.
Andrew Sawyer  Goldman Sachs: Thank you very much, Ian.
Operator: Well move on to Joe Altobello with Oppenheimer.
Joe Altobello  Oppenheimer: Thanks, good morning guys.
Ian Cook: Good morning, Joe.
Joe Altobello  Oppenheimer: Just a quick couple of questions here. I just want to go back to something you said earlier, Ian, regarding the two segments where you saw volume declines in the quarter, one was North America, obviously the other, Europe/South Pacific. And it sounds like there are separate issues in North America. It was the pricing/pantry de-load issue and given the fact that you are expecting volumes to increase in Q1 thats sort of short lived and I think thats what your experiences have been historically if you can confirm that for me. And then secondly, on Europe/South Pacific, it doesnt sound like the same issue given that you didnt take much pricing there. Its more of an economic issue but you still see volumes up in that region as well. Why is that as short lives as the pantry de-load? And then if I could sneak a third one in, Greater Asia/Africa, you saw a slowdown in volumes there, what drove that and in particular the decline in China? Thanks.
Ian Cook: Well thanks for the one question, Joe. The answers in the U.S. and China are pretty much the same, slightly different twist and that is we took significant pricing and in the U.S. saw the pantry de-load and as I said our historical experience in this is that that runs for about a quarter and then we the consumer come back to the category. In China, we took significant pricing that saw volume move into the third quarter and had the impact in the fourth quarter. We still see the category growing. Our market share is up and we see the consumer coming back in the first quarter. Europe isnt that dissimilar although the numbers are lower. Market shares in Europe are holding okay. Categories continue to grow although at lower rates and indeed lower than in the U.S. Thats not new news to anyone. And we did, in a European environment actually take fairly meaningful price compared to history in terms of that 1% increase. Its the highest. For the last several years you have seen negative pricing in Europe for a long period of time. So it has to do I think still with pricing and working that through with the consumer. I think its fair to say that the growth rates we would expect going forward in Europe would be lower clearly than the emerging markets but also the U.S.
Joe Altobello  Oppenheimer: Okay, perfect, thank you.
Operator: Next, well hear from Linda Bolton-Weiser with Caris.
Linda Bolton-Weiser  Caris: Hi, thanks. We bought the like some overhead in admin. expense ratios for you and your comparable companies in the industry and you look like a very lean company after having completed your restructuring program here. So, can you just talk about the overhead expense reduction that we saw and are you taking additional actions, is there anything specific that is leading to the big savings in overhead expense reduction.
Ian Cook: You will remember, Linda, when we made some of the changes we have made to the Company over the last four years, we talked about trying to regionalize or centralize services that we can provide to our subsidiaries on the ground around the world and avoid duplication of effort. And we are beginning to execute those things, whether its the global supply chain, whether its global procurement or a global financial shared services center in Europe, which is in the process of opening up. So weve put in place a plan to organize ourselves differently and thereby economize on overhead. At the same time, we invested to increase selling another capability in terms of people and resources, both important parts of our strategy. So we still think  so the combination of that is reflected in what you see over 2008 and the fourth quarter, reflecting more of the shared services, again part of our strategy coming to bear. And we think three continues to be opportunity in that area of shared services and opportunity to continue to work our overheads down by being more effective and efficient in how we do things remembering our world is tied together with a single software system in SAP.
Linda Bolton-Weiser  Caris: So, it sound like this type of cost comparison favorable should be able to continue?
Ian Cook: We are certainly looking to continue to work our overheads down.
Linda Bolton-Weiser  Caris: And can you just comment on what your plans for use of free cash flow would be in 09? Do you plan some debt reduction or do you plan to use it all for share repurchase?
Ian Cook: We are looking at I mean its the usual we will invest in capital and get the same efficient rates of return we have always received from our capital investment. That continues to be a very effective deployment of cash for us with a majority of savings initiatives. We continue, we will continue to buy back stock probably at the same levels as last year, all of that operated within the framework of our strong AA credit ratings. So they would be the principal uses of free cash.
Linda Bolton-Weiser  Caris: Thank you very much.
Ian Cook: Well, thanks, Linda.
Operator: Connie Maneaty, BMO Capital Markets has our next question.
Connie Maneaty  BMO Capital Markets: Good morning. My one question has three parts. I noticed that you are now  you are comfortable with the external estimates for 2009 and that you appear no longer to be giving your own guidance. And so in order to put the pieces better together I was wondering if you would comment on the pieces [ph]. First of all, with a flat gross margin in the first quarter if the expectations are accurate that earnings would increase about 10% in 2009, that requires gross margin expansion in excess of 200 basis points and I am wondering if thats realistic. And secondly, there was big change in interest expense in the first quarter. I was hoping you would clarify what that was due to and what the outlook for that should be in 2009. Thanks
Ian Cook: On the issue of the consensus statement we made, we thought we were being clear that our guidance is EPS consensus in the marketplace, so thats what the comfortable with related to. In terms of your comment on gross profit, one of the things that I have certainly talked about before is that whilst we feel very good about the strategic initiatives we have and the product portfolio we have in terms of meeting the challenges not only of 2008 but 2009, we do believe that monitoring what happens in the marketplace and maintaining agility and flexibility is going to be important. So when you look at the gross profit I said earlier and I stand by that statement that we will be well above our 75 to 125 basis points. And we continue to have a strong focus on the overhead area of SG&A looking for more opportunity in 2010 and our advertising as I say will be around the 2008 level and that in our plan allows us to deliver and be comfortable with the external earnings consensus. Relative to interest, looking at 2009, we would say and expect our interest expense on a quarterly basis to be about $20 million a quarter.
Connie Maneaty  BMO Capital Markets: Thats very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Next well hear from Alec Patterson with RCM.
Alec Patterson  RCM: Ian, I was wondering a) the obligatory breakdown in gross margin and then I wanted to get maybe a little granularity on how the interplay between the devals or the strong dollar and the transactional impact it has on gross margin is read through the way you break down the raw materials of gross margin. And to the point if going forward raw materials as a basket are down as much or more than the currencies have fallen would that read through then as a positive transactional impact? Thanks.
Ian Cook: Okay, Alec, yes, let me give you the obligatory read through as you say. For the fourth quarter, prior year gross profit was 57.5. The pricing impact on  to gross profit was a positive 300 basis points. Restructuring negligible as you would expect at this stage. About 20 basis points funding the growth. Still a strong contributor. About 150 basis points and the material prices, a headwind in the fourth quarter hurt by the transaction cost of 600 basis points. And then there is about 10 basis points of all other, which leads you to the 56.3 of the quarter. So thats that. In terms of the transaction impact in the fourth quarter, it was almost the entire difference between the previous estimate we talked about on the third quarter call and the impact in  the negative impact in the fourth quarter, we have taken pricing to more than offset the transaction impact in 2009.
Alec Patterson  RCM: So the incremental 50 basis points of raw material hit you would ascribe to the interplay of raw materials costs and how foreign exchange rates then fell and increase as raw materials costs as a percent of developing market, lets say, sales.
Ian Cook: Yes.
Alec Patterson  RCM: So, going forward if  I dont know how best to describe this but if your basket of raw materials were to be falling at a rate as fast as currency has fallen or faster, which maybe the case, would that essentially negate that as an issue on your gross margins?
Ian Cook: Yes.
Alec Patterson  RCM: Okay. Thats what it seems to be. I just wanted to be clear. Okay.
Ian Cook: Again, that on an annual basis, Alec, you have all the usual lead lags but mathematically in principle, yes.
Alec Patterson  RCM: Okay, great, thank you.
Operator: We do have a follow-up question from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Ian Cook: Okay.
Lauren Lieberman  Barclays: Sorry, its really quick. Just pension, expense, I just wanted to get a sense of we had sort of been assuming something like an eight or nine spend headwind included in your guidance and want to know if that was sort of the right way to think about it.
Ian Cook: Seven to eight would be a reasonable range, Lauren.
Lauren Lieberman  Barclays: Okay, and then is this  whats the split between cost of goods and SG&A?
Ian Cook: Whats that one?
Lauren Lieberman  Barclays: The split of where it will fall in gross margin versus SG&A just we can think about it when we model out the gross margins.
Ian Cook: Mostly SG&A but we can get back to you with the specific on that, Lauren.
Lauren Lieberman  Barclays: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We do have a follow-up from Ali Dibadj with Sanford Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj  Sanford Bernstein: Hey, thanks for coming back to me. A little bit more detail on the margin, if possible. So, the 230 basis points of SG&A improvement, 90 basis points sounds like overhead, 140 basis points from advertising, where in that are diesel costs and as we look forward given the volumes, do we  at what point do we  shall we expect some downtime, if at all, to impact some of those numbers?
Ian Cook: If you are focusing on diesel costs and logistics, its in the SG&A, as you know, and we have, if we look at it, we are running about 7.8% in the fourth quarter, which is down against the fourth quarter of last year and I think we would expect benefit to continue in 2009. Thats running about 7.8%.
Ali Dibadj  Sanford Bernstein: So  and thats helpful. Is it in the 90 basis points then? I mean it can't be anywhere else, so the 90 basis points overhead includes the reduction in diesel, correct?
Ian Cook: 20 basis points, yes.
Ali Dibadj  Sanford Bernstein: 20 basis points, okay. And then just last question, in terms of your free cash flow from operations, looks like there is a big dip there working capital perhaps. Can you just give us some granularity on that dip?
Ian Cook: Yes, one second, Ali. Yes, the  year-over-year our cash flow was up as you know. We factor in the fourth quarter I guess two, one a tough comparison on the prior year were cash flow was up some 25% and then also we made that voluntary pension contribution. So that really explains the cash flow. Looking forward to 2009, we see our cash flow in excess of our profit growth. And what we are quite pleased about, and you mentioned working capital, we put a very strong discipline in place around receivables and inventory to make sure we were being as efficient as we could be and we have been very pleased with the progress so far and obviously have more ambitions this year.
Ali Dibadj  Sanford Bernstein: Great. And if youd indulge with the last question, I promise, you said in the release, operating profit rose by 2% all-in, what would that number be without foreign exchange, the 2% number?
Ian Cook: Plus or minus 10%-11%
Ali Dibadj  Sanford Bernstein: Okay. Again, very clear. Thanks very much.
Operator: Bill Schmitz with Deutsche Bank has a follow-up.
Bill Schmitz  Deutsche Bank: Guys, I am sorry to keep going up these follow-ups but can you just talk about  with more granularity  the hedges you have in place, the one that start to roll off especially at the Hills business?
Ian Cook: Yes, as a matter of policy, we dont hedge materials with the exception, as you say, Bill, of Hills and we have hedges in place on about a third of the Hills raw materials, primarily corn and soy where there are traded markets. And we are hedged there about six to nine months.
Bill Schmitz  Deutsche Bank: Okay, so six to nine sort of evergreen such as keeps rolling?
Ian Cook: Tends to, yes.
Bill Schmitz  Deutsche Bank: Okay, great. And then there is not this push back, I mean you hear some of the CEOs of some of the big food retailers, the Tesco came out today and said, we are demanding the manufacturers start rolling back pricing immediately. I mean how does that sort of correspond to some of the pricing decisions you are making? And I know thats sort of confined to Europe where there is not a lot of pricing, anyway. But how do you kind of negotiate in that environment?
Ian Cook: I think, first of all, your introductory point is a good one. There is a whole world out there not just Europe, so obviously partnerships and negotiations perhaps vary in different parts of the world, but our trust in these discussions, Bill, and they are not new discussions in terms of what is the right value to bring consumers is a dialog around the portfolio, the new products within the portfolio, the promotional planning that you have, all targeted to keep consumers in the category grow market shares and grow the category. And thats the dialog at the talks we have with retailers that we stay sharply focused on
Bill Schmitz  Deutsche Bank: Okay, great thanks.
Ian Cook: One more question.
Operator: Our final question will be a follow-up from Alice Longley with Buckingham Research.
Alice Longley  Buckingham Research: Hi, I am just not ending this. You are forecasting an improvement in volume in North America from down to up. Have you seen that in January till date?
Ian Cook: We have started the year quite well across the world. We havent yet seen pure volume come back in North America because of the download  what you call it, the reduction in pantry inventories that we spoke about. And we have, we think, the right plans in place to see that come back
Alice Longley  Buckingham Research: And you have some date for January the volume has not come back yet?
Ian Cook: We dont have marketplace data. I am only talking about internal data.
Alice Longley  Buckingham Research: Okay. And then my only other question is about advertising. We are hearing from you and others that there is not only the decline in rates, but declines in impression in categories I guess in North America and across the world. Can you quantify then  is there maybe a 5% reduction in impressions going on by  for your categories throughout the world and then the second part of that is, is your goal to have your share of voice hold still or to increase it?
Ian Cook: Our goal is to maintain the share of voice behind the initiatives that we have in place. In many markets in the world we are a very strong advertising spender. So  and I mentioned earlier I think with the efficiencies we expect in the market the foreign exchange impact in some part of the world would actually mean local currency spend is up. We are well positioned for that. I  your point on impressions, I dont have the data to answer, Alice, well have to discuss that separately.
Alice Longley  Buckingham Research: Okay. Thank you.
Ian Cook: Okay. Well, thanks, everyone, for the questions. As Bina said in the beginning, we are very pleased with the results in the fourth quarter and think we have the right strategy, portfolio of products to continue making progress in 2009 and we look forward to posting you on that as we go forward, and I thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude our conference call. Thank you for your participation and have a nice day.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Bina Thompson - VP of Investor Relations Ian Cook - President and CEO
Analysts: Nik Modi - UBS Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein Wendy Nicholson - Citi Investment Research Alice Longley - Buckingham Research Chris Ferrara - Merrill Lynch Bill Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets Alec Patterson - RCM John Faucher - JPMorgan Jason Gere - Wachovia
Operator: Welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company third quarter 2008 conference call. Today's call is being recorded and will be simulcast live at www.colgate.com. Just reminder there will be a slight delay before the question-and-answer session begins due to the web simulcast. Now, at this time, I would like to turn the conference over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Bina Thompson. Please go ahead.
Bina Thompson: Thank you, Dwayne, good morning, everybody, and welcome to our third quarter 2008 earnings release conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, President and CEO; Steve Patrick, CFO; Dennis Hickey, Corporate Controller; and Ed Filusch, Treasurer. We will discuss our results and expectation, excluding charges relating to the 2004 restructuring program and certain other items in the first nine months of 2007. In addition, we will also discuss organic sales growth, which is sales excluding the impact of foreign exchange, acquisitions and divestitures. A full reconciliation of these measures with their corresponding GAAP measures is included in the press release and the company's financial statements, and is posted on the Investor Relations page of our website at www.colgate.com. So we will be glad to answer any questions you may have, including or excluding these items, as you wish. We are very pleased to report a solid quarter, especially given the current uncertain external environment. Market shares are healthy around the world; business continues to be robust in the high growth markets, such as Latin America and Asia, which is helped to offset some of the slower growing economies in Western Europe and North America. Organic sales were strong across most divisions, up 9.5% worldwide. This is the best organic quarterly sales growth in over 10 years. As you know, we have taken meaningful price increases in the third quarter, to offset the unprecedented increases in commodity costs we have seen throughout the year. This, as you would expect, has resulted in some temporary slowdowns in volume as consumers have worked down their pantries. Our experience is that this type of slowdown generally last for a quarter or so. Accordingly, we expect volume to be up somewhat more in the fourth quarter than in the third, particularly at Hill's where the biggest pricing was taken. Overall organic sales are expected to grow at current levels for the balance of this year, and into 2009. So while commodity cost pressure remain significant in the quarter, and should abate only slightly in the fourth quarter, we are encouraged that the recent decline in oil and other commodity prices is sustained, should provide a meaningful benefit starting in the first quarter of 2009. As we said in the press release, this should fully offset the anticipated negatives from foreign exchange. In addition, we continue to achieve good savings from our ongoing fund in the growth programs as well as our restructuring and business building programs. Importantly, this should allow us to continue to support our business with strong levels of advertising, while increasing profits as well. All of these bode well for delivering continued strong results. Our balance sheet and cash generation are strong. We have continued to issue commercial paper at attractive rates and have had no difficulties in this regard. Our pension plans are well-funded and our overall liquidity position is very sound. Again, this is most encouraging in the current macroeconomic environment. So let's turn to the divisions. Volume in North America grew slightly. We have witnessed some pantry destocking on the part of the consumer, particularly as our price increase in toothpaste was realized on the shelf. However, we are still seeing dollar growth in all our categories. In addition, private-label levels for most of our categories still remain low at mid single-digit or less. Our market shares are level or up in 10 and 12 of our categories. As you read in the press release, our toothpaste and toothbrush shares are doing well, fueled by new product activity as well as our continuous investment in multiple media, TV, print and online. On the new product front, we are very excited about Colgate Max Fresh with Mouthwash Beads which stick to customers in the third quarter. This along with the launch of the Colgate Max Fresh toothbrush provides consumers with a regiment approach to fresh breath. Fabric conditioner, our Suavitel brand achieved (inaudible) and in the market overall, 35.4 and 13% respectively. We told you last quarter about our launch of Palmolive Pure & Clear dish detergent that along with our new Eco Plus automatic dish detergent and Murphy's oil soap provides a cost category Eco platform which we are supporting with an integrated PR program, shopper marketing activities and joint displays in stores. We will be shipping some very exciting new products in the first quarter of 2009, in toothpaste, toothbrushes, liquid hand soap, body wash and deodorants. So looking ahead, volume in North America is expected to be up low single-digit in the fourth quarter, and for the full year 2009. Organic sales are anticipated to grow mid single digit for the same periods. Operating profits is expected to be up modestly in the fourth quarter, and up mid to high single-digit for the full-year 2009. Europe. The macroeconomic situation in Western Europe remains challenging for us as well as for other consumer products companies. Despite this, our market shares are doing well, especially in the higher margin categories, such as Oral and Personal Care. We see some indication that our business in Germany is improving, our toothpaste share is up almost one full point on a year-to-date basis, subsequent to a complete re-launch of our base business, which included price increases. Similarly, in dish washing liquid, we re-launched our Palmolive brand with a more premium price position and our share is up 80 basis points year-to-date to 15.8%. In bath and shower gels, our share is up nicely with good momentum in the most recent period. In the UK, we reached a record toothpaste share of over 50% in September and in Australia, our toothpaste share is now 70%. We told you last quarter that we had launched Magic Moments, a fabric conditioner in France, Greece and Belgium, and as it has done in Mexico, this new product has met with good success in these European countries as well as with increased market shares in all countries. Looking ahead, volume in Europe is expected to grow very modestly for the fourth quarter and for 2009 with organic sales growing low to mid-single digits for the same periods. Operating profit is expected to be down in the fourth quarter, primarily due to negative exchange. For full year 2009, operating profit is expected to be up, low to mid-single digits. Turning then to Latin America. Markets in this region continued to be quite strong and we are still seeing good category growth. In fact, in Mexico and Brazil, we are seeing growth rates accelerating from 2007 levels in certain categories. Our market shares have increased in toothpaste, tooth brushes, mouthwash, bar soap, liquid soap and hand dish across the region. Our toothpaste business is healthy across the region. Colgate Total is continuing to gain share behind strong support and focus with the profession and constant innovation. The new sub brand, Colgate Total Pro Clean achieved a 2% share in the latest readings, adding incremental share to the Colgate Total franchise. In addition to this strong performance in toothpaste, in Mexico, referenced in the press release, other countries enjoyed good share gains as well. In Brazil, our toothpaste share is up almost two points, reaching nearly 70% of the market. Venezuela reached the prestigious 90 club with a share of 90.4% in the most recent periods. In Colombia, our year-to-date share is up almost 4 points. In addition to good regional share gains in toothpaste and toothbrushes, we have had very good success in mouthwash with our year-to-date share up over five points closing the gap with our nearest competitor by a full 10 points from three years ago. Our market shares have increased in virtually every country, driven by strong innovation supported by full media and in store activities. Our regional bar soap share increased over a point year-to-date to 27%, climbing to a leadership position from almost an 8 point gap three years. In the most recent period, our share rose further to 27.3%. Both the Palmolive and Protex brands contributed to this success. As you know, Protex is a brand with an antibacterial positioning that we sell throughout the emerging markets. Protex had outstanding results in many countries in the region and in Brazil achieved a record 10 share in the latest readings. So looking ahead, volume in Latin America is expected to increase at third quarter levels or slightly higher for the fourth quarter and for full year 2009 as well. Organic sales should be up mid teens for the same period. Operating profit is expected to be up high single digit and as a percent to sales in the fourth quarter and is expected to be up double digits in 2009. Greater Asia and Africa; this division delivered another strong quarter as markets throughout the region continued to show solid growth despite economic difficulties in other parts of the world. The toothpaste markets in China, India and Russia are all growing at double-digit rates. Our toothpaste shares are up across the region as referenced in the press release. In India, our share is even with the prior year on a year-to-date basis and has upped in the most recent period. A new Colgate Max Fresh advertisement accompanied by an integrated marketing communications plan is helping to drive the positive recent Max Fresh shares. We also continue our equity enhancing consumer engagement activities along with Oral Health Month for the overall Colgate equity. In Russia, our Colgate toothpaste share is up 50 basis points on a year-to-date basis to 33.8 and is at a record 34% in the most recent period. In addition, the launch of our GABA products in the pharmacy channel which we mentioned last quarter is going well. That has been supported by promotional and market research activities. Our toothpaste shares are doing well also. In India, our year-to-date share is up 290 basis points over the prior year, approaching 40%. Much of this gain comes from our lower-priced Colgate Super Flexible Toothbrush which is aimed at the large lower-income population in both the rural and urban markets. In Russia, we continue to strengthen our leadership position, up 320 basis points on a year-to-date basis, reaching 50% of the toothbrush market in the most recent period. Other countries showing good toothbrush share gains are Malaysia, the Philippines, Thailand and Turkey. Market shares are steady in our priority category of shower liquids with particular focus on the Eurasian countries. In Russia, for example, our shower gel share is at its highest level ever, up 220 basis points year-over-year, to over 30% with further gains in the latest readings. So looking forward, volume in Greater Asia/Africa is expected to increase high-single digit s in the fourth quarter 2008 and then for full year 2009 as well. Organic sales should increase double digit for the same periods. Operating profit is expected to increase double digit, up absolutely and as a percent to sales for the fourth quarter and full-year 2009. Finally, Hill; while Hill's overall sales growth was strong, volume itself was negative primarily impacted by the timing of price increases. This year we took selling price increases effective July 1st which drew volume out of Q3 and into Q2 as our customers made forward purchases in advance of the announced SBIs. However, in 2007, we took price increases effective October 1, drawing volume out of Q4 and into Q3. The net effect was an unusually high volume in the third quarter of last year and an unusually low volume in the third quarter of this year. Volume in the fourth quarter is expected to increase low-single digits. As we and other pet food manufacturers have taken quite significant price increases to offset the steep rise in commodity costs, we have instituted a new program in the US and Europe to clearly communicate the value proposition of Hill's Science Diet to pet owners. The program called, 'Feeding is believing' focuses on the power of precise nutrition and the actual low cost per day of the product. The integrated marketing plan reaches the consumer through pet magazines, online advertising, consumer brochures and coupons as a variety of point-of-purchase materials, including shelf talkers, shelf laminates, counter mats and sidewalk signs. Results so far have been very encouraging. As you know, one of our very successful prescription diet products is Prescription Diet JD which treats arthritis and joint problems in dogs. Based on consumer insight that showed about 50% of dog owners believe their dog has mobility problems and yet were unaware of any food solution, Hill's Europe offered a trial program which would give consumers firsthand experience on how Prescription Diet JD could help improve their dog's mobility. The 21-day challenge provides consumers approximately one month of Prescription Diet JD at no charge. Vets are provided with the trial bags as well as consumer information to help them discuss mobility problems and explain how Prescription Diet JD could benefit their client's dog. As soon as the consumer enters the trial program, they receive e-mails every week during the trial period to reinforce the importance of compliance during the trial period. As a result of the program, year-to-date market share for Prescription Diet JD is up 10 points and volume has increased by 48.5%. So following successful European results, Hill's US has also launched the program expanding to 3500 additional vets in September. Looking ahead, volume in the fourth quarter and for full year 2009 is expected to increase low single-digit. Organic sales should increase double-digit for the same periods. Operating profit is expected to be up mid single-digit for the fourth quarter, and full year 2009. So in summary, we are pleased with our results for the third quarter, particularly in these challenging and uncertain times. We feel strongly that our strategic focus and geographic diversity positions us well for future growth. Our four strategic initiatives with which you are all familiar, getting closer to the consumer, the profession and our customer, efficiency and effectiveness in everything we do, innovation everywhere, and most importantly, leadership at all levels of the organization, provide a clear direction for our 36,000 employees around the world. We have a strong senior team and a deep and broad bench of future leaders, who will work together to continue to deliver solid results. So, Dwayne, that is the end of my prepared remarks and I would like to open it up now for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question will come from Nik Modi with UBS
Nik Modi - UBS: Good morning, everyone.
Ian Cook: Good morning, Nik
Nik Modi - UBS: My question is on the pricing, given the magnitude of some of the price increases. How are you protecting your market share in your key markets? Are your competitors are following? Can you just give us some prospective around that? Thank you.
Ian Cook: Well, let me make a few comments, Nik. First of all, relative to competitive pricing moves, yes, these commodity cost impacts are affecting all manufacturers in the categories in which we do business, and we are seeing competitors take pricing at similar levels to us across the board. Obviously, there can be a little bit of a lead-lag, 30 days, 60 days, 90 days, in terms of the pricing getting to the shelf, competitor-to-competitor versus ourselves, but we are seeing everybody take price to similar levels and we are seeing that pricing move to the shelf. What we have experienced is that you do see some slight pantry destocking by the consumer as they wait for the pricing to settle on the shelf and then they come back into the marketplace. That is the flow we have been seeing.
Nik Modi - UBS: Ian, just to follow up on that, correct me if I am wrong, but are you pricing to offset some of the currency devaluations in some of your key emerging market, and in that environment how does the competitive pricing look with your key competition?
Ian Cook: That is always been a factor for us in parts of the world where currency devalue impacts. So that is a normal course of business and that effect is felt by all people in those markets. So the answer is yes, in both cases, but relative to our pricing so far if year, we have offset through pricing the dollar impact of the raw materials. It is our savings and other initiatives that have allowed us to limit the pressure on our gross profit through this year.
Nik Modi - UBS: Thank you.
Ian Cook: Sure.
Operator: Our next question will come from Bill Schmitz with Deutsche Bank
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Hi, good morning.
Ian Cook: Hi, Bill.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: You have obviously been through this a number of times in emerging markets, but can you just talk about how the consumer environment differs from the commodity environment, stock market environment and the currency environment down there, and how it relates to emerging middle-class and people's consumption rates? I know it is a big question. 
Ian Cook: Yes, that is an economics question, Bill. I think the answer would be it is always interesting to me as I travel the world into those parts of the world, how attuned consumers are to marketplace events relative to currency and how that will affect pricing in the marketplace. You know, we have very well-established processes in place, honed in Latin America in terms of how we respond to devalue in taking our prices up, how we have elevated list prices for many of our products, so that we do not get caught in price freezes, if that is where governments end up going. We find consumers very well in attuned to managing in those environments.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Okay. How about the emerging middle-class? Have you seen a slowdown in people entering that consumption class or not yet or you do not expect to see it?
Ian Cook: We certainly do not see it yet, Bill and we certainly do not see them stepping out of the trade-up strategy that we have been putting in place. So the Colgate Total of this world continue to do well in Brazil, our market share continues to do well in Brazil, so, no signs at this time.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Great. Thank you very much.
Ian Cook: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is from Ali Dibadj with Sanford Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: Hi. How are you?
Ian Cook: Hi, Ali.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: A question about SG&A, down 90 basis points, it looks like you probably were aggressive on overhead reduction. I know we talked about that earlier. Could you help us to segregate that 90 basis points, in terms of the overhead versus maybe not growing your advertising spend as quickly as your top-line is looks like? Just flush that out a little bit, if you would please.
Ian Cook: Sure. If we take the quarter, the SG&A for the third versus prior year, as you say, down 90 basis points, we see the majority of that coming from advertising, overhead was down about 20 of those, and the rest was advertising, which is a reflection of two things, Ali. What we have seen around the world is that if you break it into its geographic components, we are seeing traditional advertising spending weaken in Europe and the US, particularly if you take out the presidential spending. I think that would be intuitive to many. We are seeing advertising spending, the traditional advertising spending continue to increase in the emerging markets of Asia and Latin America, although at a decelerating rate while still quite healthy. That is how our advertising spend has profiled, so that we remain competitive in those markets in our categories. I think the second point that is important to make here, and Bina mentioned it in part with Hill's, there is no question and we have talked about this several times that we have increased our focus on in-store communication, which is the place where, depending on the category, 60% to 80% of final purchasing decisions are made, and in some cases, added a value message to that communication through these times. So spending, consistent with what we are seeing in the market and a shift in communication focus to retail with a value message added as Bina exampled.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: That is helpful. In my context, just as a follow up, if you zoom in a little bit on North America margins, looked down obviously year-on-year and I would assume that it was from some of the new product launches that you mentioned in the press release and certainly Bina kindly went through earlier on in the call. Is that not the case, then? Or is there something going out in the margins in North America beyond increased advertising for the new products? So maybe it is just commodities? I just want to get an understanding of that one in particular, please.
Ian Cook: You captured it in your question, Ali. It is the commodities impact directly in the US marketplace.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: Okay. Thanks very much, Ian.
Ian Cook: Sure.
Operator: We will next go to Wendy Nicholson with at Citi investment research.
Wendy Nicholson - Citi Investment Research: Hi, good morning.
Ian Cook: Hi, Wendy.
Wendy Nicholson - Citi Investment Research: My question has to do with the pullback in raw material prices as we go into 2009. I know you reflected the outlook for gross margins to reflect that, but are you expecting, particularly on something likes the Hill's business where commodities are a particularly important part of the cost, to have to either roll back pricing or simply increase promotional levels? Have you begun to do that or see that in any of the big categories?
Ian Cook: To start with the last part of the question first, the answer is no. Working back from that, we are in the midst of our budgeting process right now. So, we have not fully finished. I think I have said before that if the commodities come back and indeed the visibility we have says that they are, then we will certainly not be in a position of needing to take new pricing at the levels we have seen this year, which if you go back three to four months were still part of our planning. So, I think that comes off the table. The question then, Wendy, is what will be a compelling value communication at retail and how will you continue to keep the categories that are still growing in the United States, growing at healthy rates? I think that will be a combination of promotion and other in store communication techniques. 
Wendy Nicholson - Citi Investment Research: Your confidence in putting out the target for double-digit EPS growth in 2009, even though foreign exchange has moved as quickly as it has in so many of your big countries, I assume, comes from that expectation of being able to drop those gross margin savings to the bottom line?
Ian Cook: It is all a balance, Wendy. Obviously, as we think about foreign exchange for next year, we are thinking about it through the lens of what we have seen over the last week or so. Today we are thinking about oil in that $70 to $80 range for next year. But, yes, I think we feel we will capture the benefit and we will manage our promotional activity as we see fit across the year.
Wendy Nicholson - Citi Investment Research: Terrific. Thank you very much.
Ian Cook: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is from Alice Longley with Buckingham Research.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: Hi, my question is about pricing in Latin America. If you look at history where there have been big devaluations, the local currency pricing accelerates. That does not seem to be in your guidance because you have guided to organic sales up in the mid teens in the fourth quarter and for '09 and then you actually have a little acceleration in volume.  So could you comment on that?
Ian Cook: We talked about organic growth holding at about the same levels as we saw this quarter for the balance of this year and into next. As we look at pricing in Latin America, our current look at next year for all of the Colgate divisions has the Latin pricing higher than all of the other divisions. So, I think we are reflecting it. We will finalize it when we complete our budget process.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: So your local currency, your organic sales growth in Latin America should be accelerating, right, to offset the worsening year-over-year currency hits?
Ian Cook: I think we have seen some of that in the pricing that is already in this year that will roll over and it will be again, a balance between volume and pricing in Latin America is probably not unlike this year's level, maybe a little bit ahead.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: Okay and then my other question is about the destocking in North America. Are you seeing it by consumers and retailers? Then also, does there come a point next year when that is done with and we face comparisons against quarters in '08 when that was happening. So, we get a little volume acceleration in North America?
Ian Cook: Well, I think that, Alice, relative to retailer destocking, as we have said many times before, that is an ongoing aspect of business, obviously, heightened during these times. Worked through in partnership and there is nothing we have yet seen that is a significant dislocation in that regard. In the consumer case, what you see and we have seen it both with Hill's and in some of our other consumer categories, is consumers work down pantry inventory until the pricing stabilizes at shelf and then comes back into the category. I think that is what we will going into next year.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Chris Ferrara with Merrill Lynch.
Chris Ferrara - Merrill Lynch: Hi. Would you talk about what your actual currency assumptions are? Because obviously it looks like your top line impact for '09 can hit you by anywhere as much as 8% to 9% to 10%, and just trying to understand what the bottom line impact of that currency might be, given that you do not really hedge a lot of currency?
Ian Cook: We have got a spread looking at next year, Chris, of about 6% to 8% on currency. We are seeing volume in the 3% to 4% range as we said, the difference will be price.
Chris Ferrara - Merrill Lynch: Right, given your US company, your costs are probably more balanced or more exposed to the US dollar than your revenues are, maybe that is wrong, maybe you can clear that up. I would have expected the EPS or the earnings impact from currency to be at a greater percentage than the top line impact. Is that right?
Ian Cook: It is about the same, Chris. No, it is not right. It is about the same.
Chris Ferrara - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Bill Chappell, SunTrust Robinson.
Bill Chappell - SunTrust Robinson: Good morning.
Ian Cook: Hi, Bill.
Bill Chappell - SunTrust Robinson: Just a follow up on the Hill's pricing and the volumes in current quarter. Do you have a sense or is there any way to gauge market share changes? Is there any worry about pricing consumers out of the category or out of your products with some of the recent price increases that you put through?
Ian Cook: Bill, the market shares have been okay and we have seen consistent with what we saw in the fourth quarter last year, the beginnings of a dollar comeback in terms of consumption at shelf. I think the additional step we have now taken, given all of the pricing that we and others in this segment have put into the marketplace, is the communication program at retail and direct-to-consumer that talks about the clinical nutrition of Hill's and the real value of that for consumer's pets on a relatively low day-to-day outlay basis. So that is the answer.
Bill Chappell - SunTrust Robinson: It sounds like the price gaps are not that different than they were before the price increases we put through?
Ian Cook:  On a relative basis, although as a leader, we lead in pricing. As I said before, you sometimes get a little bit of a lead-lag before all competitors have fully moved their pricing as well, but ultimately, relative levels stay about the same.
Bill Chappell - SunTrust Robinson: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question then is from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays: Great, thanks. Good morning.
Ian Cook: Hi, Lauren.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays: The first thing was on the value message advertising for Hill's. I was curious if you were doing anything similar with any of your other brands in any markets at this point?
Ian Cook: Sometimes at retail levels, but not in the same way, given the relative cash outlay.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays: Okay. Then the more real question was about Europe. Just thought it was interesting, volume down in France, Italy, UK, and for GABA, if you could talk a little bit about category trends, is it more Personal Care, Home Care, or Oral Care, is it the category or just Colgate who is gaining share. At some point, one would think Europeans will start buying this stuff again and talk a little bit about the outlook there.
Ian Cook: Yes, sure. Well, let's do a little bit of a world roundup, but come back to Europe. As I said earlier, still seeing categories, now, this is specifically a profile of the categories in which we do business, not the overall market growing on a dollar basis in that 2.5% to 3.5% range, which is probably half a percentage down on a dollar basis year-on-year. This is the combined Western and Central or Eastern Europe, we are seeing categories continue to grow down a little bit on prior year, and it is more helpful to go into the breakdown. From a Western European point of view, we are seeing in constant currency, we are seeing category growth rates across the businesses in which we do business. So, again it is prevailing 3% growth rate running at about 1.5%. Interesting, the profile is more favorable to Oral Care, which continues to run in a 2% to 3% range. Personal Care, which is in a 1.5% to 2% range, and Household Care more flat. In Eastern Europe, we are continuing to see double-digit growth rates, again, favoring more Oral Care and Personal Care. So the consumer is staying with us, although at a more muted level, and I think going forward, they will continue to stay with us and hopefully we can stimulate the market enough to see that growth rate tick up a little bit.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays: Okay. Then in the markets where you said your volume was down in the press release, Italy, UK, etcetera, who is it then that is gaining share?
Ian Cook: Well, the categories profile is pretty much like the countries profile. So, that was a broad average. So the categories are down more steeply in those markets.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays: Okay. Would you expect category growth to resume? It looks like you are actually now getting some pricing. So one would think volume, I mean at some point has got to be more toothpaste being sold or household cleaning or?
Ian Cook: Certainly that is what we will be working through in our budget cycle, how do we stimulate that return to the market, but the markets are still growing, but at a lesser rate.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays: Okay, that is great. Thank you.
Ian Cook: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is from Connie Maneaty with BMO Capital Markets.
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets: Good morning.
Ian Cook: Hi.
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets: I was wondering if you could talk specifically about the fourth quarter, where you start to get the big currency impact, but not yet the benefit of the lower raw material costs. So how does the quarter shaping up from where you see it right now?
Ian Cook: Well, I think quite well. We talked about the organic growth continuing to be in the same range that we have seen in the third quarter, and you are right, Connie, you do not get the full benefit of the commodity given inventory etcetera, but we will see a little bit of improvement. Obviously we are very focused on our overhead area, as we go forward into the fourth quarter. Our advertising spending will be competitive with what we are seeing in the marketplace, but continuing to see a strengthening shift to the in-store, and keeping our consumer advertising competitive with what we are seeing in the markets in which we do business, but the focus is a little bit of benefit on gross profit and a continued sharp focus on overhead.
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets: So the mid-teen sales growth that you have seen on a year-to-date basis, does it slow to something low to mid single-digits in the fourth quarter? That is on a reported basis, not organic.
Ian Cook: On a reported basis, it will probably be in the 2% to 4% range.
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. You would expect at this point to still see operating profit growth; right?
Ian Cook: Yes. 
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you very much.
Ian Cook: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is from Alec Patterson with RCM. 
Ian Cook: Hey, Alec.
Alec Patterson - RCM: Yes, good morning. Firs t of all, the obligatory gross margin breakdown, I am sorry, did you give that already?
Ian Cook: No, we did not, I would be delighted to give it to you especially, Alec. The prior year gross profit, this is just the walk-through now. The prior-year gross profit at 57.3 for the quarter, material price is negative 5.5 points, benefit from pricing around 2.5% hedge points 2.5, and the balance then from restructuring and mix leading you to the 56.4, down the 90 basis points.
Alec Patterson - RCM: I am sorry; funding the growth is a part of that? 
Ian Cook: I am terribly sorry, funding the growth is 170 basis points, 1.7 and then the balance is restructuring and mix.
Alec Patterson - RCM: Okay. Then, on the big chunk of the SG&A line is the shipping and handling. Is that going to be following more or less the price of oil, so to speak? Are there other factors at work here as we try and get a handle on that trend, on that line item?
Ian Cook: Yes, that probably is the one area obviously we are very sharply focused on, because as we all see at the palm that is an area that is translating through more quickly than other commodity prices. We have seen a bit of a pickup, the ratio to sales of that is 10 basis points down versus prior year at 7.7% to sales. It is been coming down every quarter and we obviously will be hoping to continue that trend into the fourth and certainly into next year.
Alec Patterson - RCM: It is been coming down every quarter, meaning even though the diesel and energy markets have been up over the past several quarters?
Ian Cook: Yes, the dollars have been going up. It peaked at nearly 8% in the first quarter, down slightly in the second and then 7.7 in the third.
Alec Patterson - RCM: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Ian Cook: Sure.
Operator: Our next question will be from John Faucher with JPMorgan.
John Faucher - JPMorgan: Thank you very much. Just a follow up on a couple of questions we have seen before. Given the focus on the raw material pieces and offset to currency, can you talk a little bit about how the rest of your commodities are trending. Procter mentioned some commodities were still up dramatically year-over-year. Most of the companies seem to be saying that it is taking a little bit longer than at least I think Wall Street expected for the lower prices to flow through. So can you give us just a little bit of commentary on both of those issues? Thanks.
Ian Cook: Yes, we are seeing obviously the impact in the third quarter was a little bit more than we were expecting. I think we have talked about that the third quarter would probably be the toughest quarter. I must say, as we look at the most recent pricing on our key raw materials, we are seeing it pretty generally across the board, down on quarter three levels, whether it is fats and oils, whether it is resins or of course the input to energy costs.  So what we are looking at is down from the third quarter. Now, what you say is right, John, obviously there is a lead lag between the spot and what we can negotiate at and when you will see that in the income statement. As we have been looking at it we think we are going to start seeing that benefit in the first quarter of next year, given the work through.
John Faucher - JPMorgan: Great. Thanks.
Ian Cook: Sure.
Operator: Our next question then is from Linda Bolton Weiser with Caris
Linda Bolton Weiser - Caris: Hi, thank you. Looking back at your earnings growth in the early part of the decade when there was some turmoil in Latin America, you actually had really strong earnings growth. It was like in the mid teens, I think. When you look at how you achieved that, there was a steady decline in your advertising and promo spending ratio over that period of time. So, you managed to have earnings growth, but the decline in A&P spending, some would argue ended up in not a good situation five years later. So, can you just comment on that and your current thoughts about will a decline in A&P ratio contribute to the earnings growth in '09?
Ian Cook: Well, the way we are thinking about the earnings growth next year is obviously double-digit growth. We have not suggested mid teens growth. Secondly, our current look at 2009 shows an increase in advertising behind the business, both in absolute dollars and on a ratio basis. We will have to be attentive to what is happening in the various categories in which we do business around the world, but our thinking and planning assumption is that that will go up. So, our planning intention is to deliver good quality, double-digit earnings growth through times that we have managed through before with advertising spending up.
Linda Bolton Weiser - Caris: Okay. Thank you very much.
Ian Cook: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is from Jason Gere, Wachovia.
Jason Gere - Wachovia: Thank you, good morning. I was just wondering if you can give us an update on CBP, just in terms of the outlook for the savings in '09, where we stand in terms of the completion? Thank you.
Ian Cook: Sure. Going along very well, it continues to roll out around the world. We expect, as we leave this year to have about 70% of our global net sales covered by CBP. We have, again, a myriad of new examples, learning examples from new markets that we have gone into that we are transferring to benefit other markets and our go-to-market approaches and strategies. We still have a savings goal in place for 2008 of $100 million pre-tax and are looking at delivering north of 150 in 2009. In the first quarter of 2009 will actually bring two important markets live. They are China and Brazil, along with Malaysia and some others.  China and Brazil will go live in the first quarter of next year. So, continued progress in terms of the shared learnings that can drive the business and a 150 goal for next year.
Jason Gere - Wachovia: Okay. Thank you.
Ian Cook: Sure.
Operator: We return to Ali Dibadj with Sanford Bernstein with for a follow-up.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: Thanks for taking the follow up. Two questions, one a more specific and one just a little bit cost strategic thinking about the overall business. Again on advertising spend, you mentioned that you expected to be going up or that is what you are thinking in terms of planning for '09. Can you talk a little bit about ratio between in store or trade spend versus advertising spend? Do you see that shifting back and forth a little bit going forward? How are you imagining that?
Ian Cook: That is really something, Ali, I can not answer at this stage. We literally start our budget review processes here next year. I will know about a month from now.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: Do you expect a total of those two to go up? Can you even help answer that question? Or is that still yet to be determined?
Ian Cook: Well the way we are looking at the advertising for next year, we see total advertising going up. Some of the in store stuff is captured between gross and net and so it is not improbable that both could go up.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: You can not say right now growth to net expanding or contracting at this point.
Ian Cook: I cannot.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: Then my other question is, over the years and certainly more recently, there is still an idea among your distribution or among your manufacturing network of bigger scale, more localized plants, more consolidated big-scale plants to improve some of your scale leverage. Does that change at all in a way you foresee or in this current environment right now, where currency is a little bit different? So, you have a little bit of a friction there? Or oil prices may not go down to where they used to be. How do you think about that going forward because it is really been one of the big drivers of your success or is that several years as a lot of that consolidation in getting more scale? Does it change at all going forward?
Ian Cook: I do not think so, Ali. We obviously revisit it and we will revisit it again during our budget cycle, but we did a lot of sensitivity planning before we made those decisions. While you say that in the broadest sense, the answer is yes, for oral care and personal care businesses. Indeed there is efficiency and it has a lot of sensitivity around it to take advantage of these highly efficient, state-of-the-art, environmentally friendly facilities in providing our product worldwide, although it is a wild world. Worldwide, based on the likeness of the product. For our home care businesses, we continue to have local facilities servicing regions of geography because obviously the shipping and transportation aspects of those kinds of homecare businesses demand that a supply chain network. So, maybe our business profiles a little bit differently than some others, but that would force a reevaluation. In our case, we did a lot of sensitivity analysis around it and we are quite comfortable with that strategy going forward.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: Okay, thanks.
Operator: We do have a follow-up from Alec Patterson with RCM.
Alec Patterson - RCM: Yes and just to clarify on '09, the tax rate is expected to be roughly the same, around 33? 
Ian Cook: Yes, Alec, indeed. 
Alec Patterson - RCM: Okay, thanks.
Ian Cook: Yes.
Operator: With that, there are no further questions. I would like to turn the call to Ian Cook for our closing comment.
Ian Cook: Well thanks very much for being on the call and we look forward to catching up with you again January of next year. Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. Again, we would like to thank everyone for your participation and wish everyone a good day.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-29 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Bina H. Thompson - Vice President, Investor Relations Ian M. Cook - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Stephen C. Patrick - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Bill Pecoriello - Morgan Stanley Nik Modi - UBS Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Filippe Goossens - Credit Suisse William Chappell - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey Christopher Ferrara - Merrill Lynch William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Alice Longley - Buckingham Research Joseph Altobello - Oppenheimer Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers Alec Patterson - RCM Connie Vinetti - BMO Capital Markets  Jason Gere - Wachovia Capital Markets Linda Bolton Weiser - Garriss
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Colgate-Palmolive company second quarter 2008 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) Now at this time, I would like to turn the conference over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Bina Thompson. Ms. Thompson, please go ahead. 
Bina H. Thompson: Thanks, Dwayne. Good morning, everybody, and welcome to our second quarter 2008 earnings release conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, President and CEO; Steve Patrick, CFO; Dennis Hickey, Corporate Controller; and Ed Filusch, Treasurer. We will discuss the results for the second quarter and the first half this morning, excluding charges relating to the 2004 restructuring program and certain other items in the first six months of 2007.  So the reported GAAP results with reconciliation to the results excluding the restructuring charges and other items in the second quarter of 2007 are included in the press release and the companys financial statements, and are posted on the investor relations page of our website at www.colgate.com.  Comments about these expectations will also exclude restructuring charges but during the Q&A, we will answer any questions, including or excluding these items as you wish.  We are very pleased with our second quarter results. Sales, operating profit, advertising spend, net income, and EPS were all at record levels, and as Ian said in the press release, every region contributed to our solid performance.  The strong momentum we have seen in the fast growing areas of the world, Latin America and Greater Asia/Africa, continues and we see no signs of a significant slowdown in either one. Even in markets where the economic conditions are difficult, such as North America and Western Europe, our categories are still growing and in addition, we are growing market share.  Worldwide, our market shares are up in toothpaste, toothbrushes, mouthwash, bar soaps, shower gels, and dishwashing liquid.  As you know, the challenge for all consumer goods companies this year is the relentless and unprecedented rise in raw and packaging material costs. We have, as have our competitors, been taking price increases to offset those cost increases. In this quarter, worldwide our pricing was up 4.5%, the highest in well over a decade. Its therefore encouraging that we continue to deliver solid volume growth within our ongoing targeted range of 5% to 8%, with the expectation that such growth will continue for the balance of the year.  Gross margin in the quarter was slightly down. In this current environment of pressure on gross margins, we have redoubled our efforts to reduce our overhead expenses in addition to our many ongoing savings programs and our restructuring savings. This has indeed happened so that we were still able to increase advertising a healthy 18% while delivering strong EPS growth well ahead of expectations.  Cash flow and the balance sheet are strong as well, another good indicator of a healthy business.  So lets turn to the divisions, starting with North America. Our performance in North America is particularly encouraging, given the current concerns about the economy and its related effects on consumer purchasing habits. You read in the press release about a healthy amount of new product activity, which resulted in record share for Colgate Total toothpaste and our manual toothbrushes. In fact, for the quarter our national market shares in the U.S., as reported by A.C. Nielsen, increased year over year in toothpaste, manual and power toothbrushes, liquid hand soap, body wash, dishwashing liquid, and fabric softener.  We are excited about more new products scheduled to launch in the third quarter. The first is Colgate Max Fresh with mouthwash beads. This toothpaste offers innovation on three fronts -- it will be the first toothpaste with mouthwash beads, it will be the only toothpaste sold in a clear tube, and the [carton] will have a die cut to showcase the product inside the [clear tube].  This new product, along with a companion Max Fresh manual toothbrush with a mint-scented brush handle and tongue freshener, will help to expand the Max Fresh portfolio in the important fresh breath segment.  In personal care, we will be launching Lady Speedstick Clinical Proof, a premium-priced, high efficacy deodorant with clinically proven wetness protection, non-stop odor control technology, and a skin conditioning system. It is packaged in a high impact carton which conveys premium image.  In home care, shipping this week will be Palmolive Pure and Clear dishwashing liquid. It is biodegradeable with between 25% and 75% post consumer recycled plastic and is endorsed by the EPA with a designed for the environment seal on the back label. In addition, it is in distinct, elegant packaging which creates a unique and differentiating impression on the shelf.  All this new product activity will help us to deliver continued mid-single-digit volume growth for the balance of the year while we continue to take price increases where necessary.  Operating profit is expected to be up modestly for the third quarter and full year.  Europe -- the macroeconomic situation in Western Europe continued to be very challenging, which resulted in the modest volume growth for the division as a whole. You may recall as well that volume was up 9.5% in Europe South Pacific in the year-ago quarter. GDP growth in Western Europe is slowing while inflation has been increasing. France and Italy are two countries which are the most difficult at the moment for all companies in our industry. Volume in Central Europe was strong in the quarter and volume also grew in the South Pacific region.  So overall, we still see category growth in Western Europe with both oral and personal care categories growing, and the home care category down slightly. Category growth in Eastern Europe is still quite robust. We have been able to maintain our shares across the division, which is encouraging, and as referenced in the press release, a number of premium priced, value-added new products have contributed to this.  As in the U.S., we are continuing to build the Colgate Max toothpaste line with the launch of Colgate Max White, which complements the already successful Max Fresh.  In the home care category, we are launching our newest fabric condition, Magic Moments, in France, Greece, and Belgium; and as you will hear shortly, this premium priced, innovative new product has been met with great success in Mexico.  Although its still early days, results are encouraging and we hope to build on our already strong shares in these markets, which range from 30% to 50%.  Volume in Europe/South Pacific is expected to grow modestly in the third quarter and for the full year as well, and operating profit is expected to grow in the mid singles -- mid- to high-single-digit range for the third quarter and full year.  Latin America -- were delighted with the continued strong performance in Latin America. Across the region, our market shares have increased -- toothpaste, toothbrushes, mouthwash, bar soaps, and [inaudible]. Its also encouraging that year-to-date, we still see good category growth with an acceleration from 2007 in countries such as Mexico and Brazil.  As referenced in the press release, our regional toothpaste share is up over two points from the prior year, with virtually every country contributing. Colgate Total Professional Clean, launched in 2007, is benefiting from strong second year support and is adding share, which is almost entirely incremental. More new product activity in both toothpaste and toothbrushes is planned for the second half. This includes Colgate Total Professional Sensitive toothpaste and Colgate 360 Deep Clean toothbrush.  In the mouthwash category, we continue to make excellent progress as well. On a year-to-date basis, our market share is up over five points to 23.5%, with the latest reading at 23.9. In bar soaps, we regained market leadership in the most recent period. We achieved our highest shares ever in Mexico, Venezuela, and the Dominican Republic, and in liquid soaps, a small but fast growing category, weve already clearly established a leadership position where we are over 20 points ahead of our nearest competitors.  In dishwashing liquid, our share is up slightly across the region and in Mexico, weve achieved market leadership in the most recent period. On a year-to-date basis, our share is up about a point-and-a-half.  I told you a moment ago about our recent launch of Magic Moments fabric condition in several European markets. This new product was launched in Mexico in January of this year with a premium price that helped boost sales results. Recent share readings in self-service supermarkets show Magic Moments with an 8.3% share of the market, the majority of which is incremental to the business.  But looking ahead, we expect volume growth in Latin America to be at second quarter levels for the third quarter and full year. Operating profit is expected to grow double-digits for the third quarter and full year.  Greater Asia/Africa -- the momentum in this region continues, with solid volume gains and market share gains as well. Second quarter records were set on every line of the P&L. In greater Asia itself, volume increased in virtually every country. Our overall toothpaste share for the region increased 20 basis points to 38.8. We maintained leadership positions in China, India, and Russia.  In Thailand, our market share is up almost [to 60%], up 160 basis points versus the prior year. Our toothbrush market share in India reached a high of 37.2%, up 250 basis points versus a year ago. In Russia, our toothpaste share reached a record 49.2%, up 270 basis points versus a year ago. Across greater Asia, toothbrush market shares were up in eight of 13 countries.  A new line of mouthwash developed for sale in the pharmacy has been launched in Thailand as a pilot test for the division and early results are quite encouraging. In addition, as referenced in the press release, weve just introduced our GABA products in Russia, where the profession is already endorsing these products.  In Eurasia, we continue to grow our priority category of shower liquids. Our market share continues to climb, narrowing the gap with the market leader from 10 points in 2002 to about four points in 2008 year-to-date. And weve launched a number of new products in this category, including Palmolive Amazonia, which was developed in Brazil, and has helped increase share in that market by 160 basis points year over year.  So looking ahead, we expect volume in greater Asia/Africa to increase at second quarter levels for the third quarter and full year. Operating profit is expected to increase double-digits for the third quarter and full year as well.  Finally, Hills -- were quite pleased with the volume growth at Hills, which was good both domestically and internationally. Here in the U.S., consumption of the [large format] at specialty retailers continues to be solid, which is very encouraging.  As you know, the challenge for all pet food manufacturers this year has been the very steep rise in commodity costs, and this continued in the second quarter, with the average increase in the U.S. over the second quarter of 2007 at around 30%. Weve taken substantial price increases around the world to help offset these cost increases, as have our competitors.  Our ongoing new products program, as outlined in the press release, offers consumers a wide range of value-added products which should result in continued growth in Hills. In addition, programs such as our alliance for healthier pets program, which we told you about last quarter, continued to generate awareness and support from the veterinary profession.  Our outlook for the balance of the year at Hills is for volume to increase low to mid-single-digits in the third quarter and full year. Operating profit is expected to be up several digits for the third quarter and full year.  So in summary, we are delighted that the strong top and bottom line momentum from the first quarter has continued into the second quarter of 2008. Our solid second quarter results reflect the ongoing success of our four strategic initiatives -- getting closer to the consumer, the customer, and the profession; being more efficient and effective in everything we do; continuing to deliver innovative new products around the world; and building a strong team of leaders for today and tomorrow. We look forward to sharing our continued progress throughout the balance of the year.  And now, Dwayne, I would like to turn it over to the Q&A portion of the call, with a reminder to everyone that we would like you to start with one question; should you have a follow-up, you can get back into the queue for that. So Dwayne, were ready to start. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question will come from Bill Pecoriello with Morgan Stanley. 
Bill Pecoriello - Morgan Stanley: Ian, could you go through the gross margin walk-through for the quarter, but then also comment on how you expect the components to change in the second half as more pricing moves through the P&L but you still expect the gross margin down modestly? Thanks. 
Ian M. Cook: Good morning. Thanks for a customary question. I would just echo Binas point in terms of the approach to the business overall and say we are indeed quite pleased that our focus on the strategic initiatives is allowing us to grow our brands, build market shares, and growing categories, generate the funds to increase our advertising support and still deliver strong double-digit EPS growth.  But turning to the gross profit walk-through in specific for the second quarter of 2008, Bill, you take the prior year gross profit of 57.1%, favorable is pricing in the second quarter at 1.7%, 170 basis points, a 40 basis points pick-up from restructuring, a 160 from our funding the growth savings projects, with continued focus there, and then material prices at 430 basis points negative, leading to a negative 230, with the pricing at the 170, with mix, et cetera, adding another 30 basis points, which gets you to the 56.8, which is the 30 basis points down on the year. So thats the composition of the walk-through of the gross profit for the quarter.  As we look to the balance of the year, and as you saw in our external release, we have not only looked at the balance of this year but also at 2009 as well. We have maintained commodity costs at the current high levels and we have assumed oil for the balance of this year at around $130 for the second half, and obviously we have pricing, most of which has been announced, built into the back half of the year, which will see our total year price up something between 4.5% and 5%, and the combination of those assumptions and the pricing will see the gross profit for the balance of the year down around the same as we saw for the second quarter this year, and we feel quite comfortable about the assumptions in that projection, Bill. 
Bill Pecoriello - Morgan Stanley: So its more into the early part of 09 when youll see the sequential improvement in gross margin, not into Q4, as the pricing moves through?
Ian M. Cook: Correct. I mean, we will have both the rollover effect of the pricing and then of course the actions we have planned for next year, because in our assumptions, we see oil, we project oil to move up to around $140 and all of that is built into the assumptions for next year, which well see gross profit begin to increase again. 
Bill Pecoriello - Morgan Stanley: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question is from Nik Modi with UBS. 
Nik Modi - UBS: Ian, can you -- clearly consumption remains healthy in Latin America and Central/Eastern Europe. Just curious on your thoughts on trade-up and the dynamics there, and if you are seeing any slowdown in consumer uptake in some of the premium priced innovation?
Ian M. Cook: I think the answer is so far, no, Nik. Were continuing to see premium offerings regardless of geography, like Colgate Total continue to grow. I would make it very clear, as I have said before, that part of our strategy in emerging markets is to make sure we have offerings in all of the price segments that consumers shop in, whether that is a sachet in a [Sari Sari] or a [Colmato] store in the rural areas, all the way up to large sized tubes, and also products that are in different price segments of the category -- super premium, premium, mass market, price, and entry level pricing. So we arent seeing any slowdown in the consumers interest in the higher value offerings but we are well-covered in terms of the portfolio we offer by segment in the marketplace. And of course, were staying very close to the consumers behavior in that area. 
Operator: Our next question then is from Ali Dibadj. Just one moment. I have his line open. 
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein: I guess one real question and then just a quick clarification, if I may; one is, I found it interesting that you mentioned 2009 just a second ago and also obviously in the release. Since you have, want to get underneath, you talked about one assumption you made obviously about oil, but the other two I think that I would love to hear about how you are thinking around are foreign exchange for the first part, which clearly has helped over the past little while here, and secondly elasticity on the pricing you are taking, particularly as we are starting to see some elasticity [pain] here in some of the categories as you were taking pricing. You could even argue in parentheses that some of the volume sustainability here is some of the retailers buying ahead. So I want to get an understanding of foreign exchange and elasticity.  And then the quick clarification question is you mentioned gross margins being down another 30 basis points here for the year. Can you give us a sense again about operating margin guidance, like you did last quarter? Do you still expect that to be flat or not? Thanks very much. 
Ian M. Cook: Well, thats more than one question, Ali, but I will try and take them on. In focusing a little bit ahead to 2009 and foreign exchange, we have as you would assume for the back half of this year and into 2009, assumed a declining benefit from foreign exchange. And as you might assume from us, you could say we have been potentially conservative in that regard but nonetheless, we have assumed a declining forex capability in the go-forward.  Relative to pricing and the consumers reaction to pricing and elasticity, as we think about pricing in the markets, and as you know we have taken 3% in the first quarter, over 4% in the second quarter, with second half pricing now just beginning to hit the marketplace, so far we continue to see our shares grow. So far, at least in the categories that we do business, we have seen those categories continue to grow on a dollar basis maybe thee to three-and-a-half growth is now 3% growth at the lower end than the higher end, but nonetheless, pretty good growth. And with the assumptions we have with the rollover benefits of pricing from this year into next, we see us having to take substantially less pricing next year than we have this, so the new pricing that will impact consumers will be substantially lower, about one quarter of pricing that we had to take this year.  And as we look at the back half of this year from our point of view, as we said we continued to guide the earnings per share in that mid-teens level, and thats with the gross margin you see there. That is with healthy levels of advertising expense and that will see us delivering double-digit EPS. 
Operator: Our next question will be from Wendy Nicholson with Citigroup. 
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup: Two questions, if I can; first of all, can you talk about Latin America and the margins there? They did kind of continue to drift down and I just wondered whether thats a mix issue or whether you are just spending more -- whatever it is, market shares look great, but just wondering where those margins start to flatten out.  And then, can you just remind us, whats the percentage breakdown, Eastern Europe versus Western Europe? Because it sounds like Eastern Europe is really carrying the day and Im just trying to get a feel for just how bad Western Europe is in terms of top line growth. 
Ian M. Cook: I think, Wendy, relative to Latin America, as weve said, the profitability return from Latin America is extraordinarily positive from a percent growth in EBIT, largely driven by a top line growth and a little bit of gross profit. From an EBIT point of view, we have taken the view, as I have said before, to continue to invest in those terrific share growth positions on top of our market growth and delivering a very healthy EBIT, and we dont comment on EBIT for the year in general but EBIT for the year will be higher than the second quarter.  So thats Latin America, which we are very, very pleased about because the growth is across the board and the quality of the growth is very high. 
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup: But for example, just to follow-up on that, but no reason, for example -- I mean, 27.6 is the lowest margin youve seen in that region for a while but no reason to believe that the margin wont continue to drift down. Do you think it stays north of 28 on a full year basis for as far as we can see? I mean, theres no -- nothing changing in the market dynamically?
Ian M. Cook: There is nothing structurally, Wendy, other than our choice and for the year, I see it north of 28. 
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup: Got it. Thank you. 
Ian M. Cook: So its a choice. Its nothing structural. And relative to the European environment, we see Western Europe flat to modestly down and Eastern Europe up high-single-digits, and were quite comfortable with that. As Bina said in her comments, Western Europe traces largely to Italy and France, which have structural category issues that we and others are working through, and we see for the second half of the year for Europe in entirety a 1.5% to 2% volume growth for the balance of the year. And I would of course remind you that the second quarter comes up against the highest comp of last year, which was nearly a 10% volume growth. 
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup: Definitely, and then just the split, is Western Europe in dollar terms three times as big as Eastern Europe how you think about it?
Ian M. Cook: Western Europe is bigger, Wendy, but Eastern Europe is growing fast.
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup: Okay, I got it. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question is from Filippe Goossens with Credit Suisse.
Filippe Goossens - Credit Suisse: Great, great, great results, obviously. If I may, a two-part question on Brazil -- Ian, as you know, there have been a few data sources out there indicating a slowdown in category growth in that country. On one hand, you could argue that it could be a result of the introduction of the value-added tax, which is something that Loreal, during their most recent [trading] update again referenced to. Just kind of wanting to hear what you see as the impact of the value-added tax on that category slowdown.  Secondly, I was wondering, our economists in Brazil have pointed out a growing concern with regard to food inflation, which is running right now around 17%, 18% in Brazil. Any take from your end, Ian, in terms of whether food inflation, if sustained at current levels, eventually could start having a negative impact on the purchasing power of consumers, perhaps not only in Brazil but maybe in other parts of the world? Thank you so much, Ian. 
Ian M. Cook: Thanks, Filippe. Yes, the Brazil VAT matter, you have been both diligent and consistent on, so let me comment on that first and then let me come back to the categories through that.  As most people I am sure know, this is a VAT tax that is now being collected by the manufacturers as opposed to as historically by the retailers implemented on the personal care business in the first quarter, our home care business in the second quarter, and it will be on the food business in the third quarter, although of course we dont have food.  It has really not impacted our business. We have clearly been very, very focused on it and I would say there have been three reasons. Number one, very early on and before entering this year, we have developed an internal training program in terms of how to implement and collect the tax with the retailers that we deal with, right down to the price point impact by region of the country.  Secondly, we had no business interruption because we were able to invoice through SAP which included the VA tax directly on the invoice, so it was a seamless conversion for us.  And thirdly, as we reach many of these small retailers by middle men, we extended the training program to the middle men so that they too knew how to execute the VAT tax at retail level.  Perhaps the most important point in all of that is not the internal preparedness but rather the reaction in terms of category consumption, which for the second quarter on the personal care business, consumption of our products was up some 9% and on the homecare business, some 8%, and the toothpaste remained at 9%, so -- leading that then on to your second question, I guess in life you can never say never, but I must say so far, we are seeing category growth rates that are in fact outpacing prior years on our business and no immediate signs of consumers trading away from or down from our products because of food inflation. 
Filippe Goossens - Credit Suisse: Great. Thank you so much, Ian. 
Operator: Our next question is from Bill Chappell with Suntrust Robinson Humphrey.
William Chappell - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Good morning. Just a simple question on pricing; I think you said that pricing helped 4.5% for the quarter and it should help 4.5% to 5% for the full year. Can you just kind of give us a gauge of what percentage of the business has now benefited from pricing in this quarter? I mean, was it 25%, was it 50%, versus the full year pricing you are going to put in place? 
Ian M. Cook: Bill, I really dont have any sort of distilled summary number on that. We literally have lists and lists of by category, by geography, where we have taken pricing, where we have announced pricing, but I dont have a distillation. We have taken pricing I would say quite broadly both geographically and across categories that have been impacted by costs, both in the year-to-date and announced and planned in the year to go. We could take that offline and go through literally geography by geography but I dont have a distillation. 
William Chappell - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: I guess just -- do you have a majority of the price increases done by July 1, or is it still more to go?
Ian M. Cook: Its balanced. We had pricing in the first half and pricing in the second half. I would say that the majority of pricing in the second half has been announced and some significant increase is toothpaste here in the U.S. Pet nutrition here in the U.S., for example, have been accepted at retail and are in the process of being implemented as we speak. So the majority of this is not on the [calm] -- it is announced and being implemented. 
William Chappell - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Great. Thanks so much. 
Operator: Our next question is from Christopher Ferrara with Merrill Lynch. 
Christopher Ferrara - Merrill Lynch: I just want to try to get a feel for the dynamic between market share gains and category growth. I know, Ian, youve been saying Mexico and Brazil accelerated in category growth. I guess, are you seeing that across the company or has your share gain picked up speed in order to support your acceleration in top line? And also, what do you think is driving category growth acceleration in Mexico and Brazil? Is that just trading up in your products because you guys are such a large part of the market? Thanks. 
Ian M. Cook: I, you know, pleasingly, as we have said before, we do continue to see good category growth. I think in the case of some of the emerging markets, and Bina had mentioned Brazil and Mexico specifically, I think that has to do with trading up and pricing in our business and the consumers staying with our categories. We have in some markets around the world, as I said, seen modest slow downs versus historical levels but still very, very good low-single-digit growth rates, particularly in oral care and personal care, which as you know is the primary focus of our business. And so the share gains are being delivered on top of still so far healthy category growth rates around the world. 
Operator: Our next question then is from William Schmitz with Deutsche Bank. 
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Good morning, Ian. The question is related to pricing elasticity again, and Im sorry to beat this one to death but given your big price increase we saw in the earlier scanner data, so its only 15 days in July but it looks like in U.S. toothpaste, as an example, your price increase was 2X realized what the competitors were. So is there a risk that people arent going to follow these increases, or actually drag their feet on it since you are sort of the category leader?
Ian M. Cook: Well, theres always that risk in life, Bill. As I mentioned the last time, you will remember there was even some debate about whether or not the United States, another major manufacturer was or would take pricing. Subsequently, it was confirmed that they would and were, because I made the comment that the cost impact was industry wide.  So ultimately, I think economic reality, well see a need to take pricing in the marketplace and see it implemented in a world where retailers are accepting of the cost-driven nature of the price increases and may there be a 15 to 30 day lag between manufacturers in terms of effecting the price increase, there may indeed be so. But I think on these things, you need to be patient and make sure you execute what you plan to execute.  I can tell you that the sales progress at the beginning of this quarter is very solid around the world and so were still quite comfortable with the balanced approach were taking. 
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question is from Alice Longley with Buckingham Research. 
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: You said that the gross margin for the second half might be down about as much as it was in the second quarter. Is it fair to assume it might be down more in the third quarter and less in the fourth quarter, owing to the timing of pricing? 
Ian M. Cook: That would be fair. Our estimating is more balanced than that but that would be fair, Alice. 
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: Okay, and then on to the topic about the consumer possibly shifting away from the high-end, I guess you havent seen any shifting within Colgate from your value-added more expensive pastes to less value-added, more basic versions of Colgate. Do your assumptions in your guidance assume that the value-added high-end continued to gain share over the next six to nine months?
Ian M. Cook: Our assumptions, Alice, assume balanced growth across all of our segments, so there is not an overarching assumption in terms of premium leading the day. We believe that at the higher priced offerings, we deliver value that so far, the consumer is prepared to pay for. We see little progress of private label and where we have seen it, we see our shares continuing to grow. Notwithstanding that, but we are very focused as I said earlier, on making sure that we are offering the right value in all of the segments that we operate in in categories from entry price points to the higher priced value offerings.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: Thank you, and then my last question is housekeeping -- what were your shares outstanding at the end of the quarter?
Ian M. Cook: One second -- 506 million. 
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: Thanks. 
Operator: Our next question is from Joseph Altobello with Oppenheimer. 
Joseph Altobello - Oppenheimer: In terms of pricing and commodity costs, this is probably a good problem to have and probably a question that would have sounded crazy about a month ago but if oil continues to fall, what happens to that windfall? Do you guys keep it? Does it get spent? And what happens to the price increases youve already implemented this year, if oil goes to 90, for example, next year, not 140?
Ian M. Cook: Joe, given the year weve been living through, why dont we have that discussion next year? I would say as an aside comment that I told you that our assumption was the $130 and then $140 next year. My sense would be that from a list pricing point of view, there would not be a give-back. I think wed have to work our way through exactly what was the oil price level, what was the scale of the so-called benefit and how that might impact the marketplace. But I really -- in the world we are living in, prefer at least for planning purposes to keep a more bearish view right now. 
Joseph Altobello - Oppenheimer: Fair enough. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question is from Andrew Sawyer with Goldman Sachs. 
Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs: Just quickly, I wanted to ask you quickly about the overhead expense control that you alluded to. I was just wondering if you could maybe walk us through what types of things you are doing, and I guess to what extent they are sustainable, whether we are talking about pairing back hiring or if these are more sustainable types of actions? Thanks. 
Ian M. Cook: Andrew, it is a focal area. It is something that we began when we announced our restructuring. We said at the time that we had two thoughts on our mind. One was efficiency and the other was to strengthen our in-market capability. So in strengthening our in-market capability, we have seen fixed cost investment, overhead investment in our selling and marketing capability and with the consolidations that we have been putting in place from a sourcing point of view and other organizational point of view, an offsetting benefit in the second quarter from savings elsewhere. So the approach is structural and we are looking to have those benefits for the medium term. 
Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs: Thanks. 
Operator: Our next question is from Lauren Lieberman with Lehman Brothers. 
Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers: Thank you. Im going to follow-up on that, and since everyone is asking two questions, I feel like I will too. On the overhead expense control, is the idea then, Ian, that some of the investments youve been making that you describe, the rate of increase in those investments is now slowing, so were starting to see the efficiency benefit show through, that youve already been generating for a year or two?
Ian M. Cook: I would say, Lauren, and I must say were seeing the same inflation in the questions being asked as were seeing in the business, I guess. But I would say yes, we put a very disciplined focus on making sure that whether it was selling capability, merchandising capability, detailing capability, that we had those resources on the ground and that is now well-positioned, we believe, around the world. And secondly, we are stepping up our focus from an overhead point of view in the area of indirect expenditure, everything from computers to telephones, which has become a very sharp area of focus for us now and going forward. But yes, the investment commitment is pretty much in place. 
Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers: Okay, great. And then on funding the growth -- okay, one housekeeping question Im going to throw out there is that there was a big jump up in other expense, and just if you can tell us what that was and how we should think about that going forward.  And then my real value-added question would be about funding the growth, that the savings this quarter were much more than they were last quarter and actually quite a bit higher than weve discussed after last call, or last quarter. So what changed that you were able to reaccelerate that program? Because as I recall last quarter, we talked a little bit about it being -- that it was tougher to get procurement based savings in this environment, and thats been a key component of funding the growth?
Ian M. Cook: Let me answer both questions, Lauren. First on the other expense, we have as you noted taken some contingency charges for potential legal and environment matters in different countries, and secondly have a higher minority interest income as the few minority businesses, minority interest businesses we have have also been doing rather well, and I would say that is not to continue in the future.  So that would be that. Relative to funding the growth savings, all I can say is it is an area, as you know, of intense focus in the company and we have redoubled our focus on that area, starting since before we came into this year, and I would say as we are going forward, I think on the last call I said that I figured holding it at around the 90 basis points we saw in the first quarter might be a conservative position to take. I would venture to say in terms of some of the areas we are now focusing on, our current forward projection would see us somewhere between the two. 
Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Alec Patterson with RCM. 
Alec Patterson - RCM: Good morning. Just one question -- cut me off if I ask a second question; just curious, not much mention of CBP lately and to the degree that played a role in the pricing you achieved, what you reported in the second quarter results, or how it may affect the pricing of 4.5 to 5 for the year. Could you just talk about CBP as an impact on that?
Ian M. Cook: Im glad you raised it because far from being a low key area, it is an area that is we believe picking up steam in the company. We have now moved it around the world. Well have over 70% of our business operating with Colgate business planning by the end of this year. We will deliver the $100 million that we had talked about in terms of savings with Colgate business planning, but I think more importantly to your point, it is becoming a facilitating tool in terms of how we not only implement list price increases but more importantly how we increase average selling prices by more efficient, promotional activity and we continue to have many, many examples by the new geographies in terms of changing promotional techniques, changing the timeline of promotions being run, and so it is very much vibrantly alive and playing a very important role in pricing strategy that we see today and that we plan for tomorrow. 
Alec Patterson - RCM: Ian, Im just trying to understand -- if theres a differentiation between taking pricing to offset cost of goods inflation, and pricing that is coming through because of the CBP program, is there a -- is it an evenly split result or are we currently experiencing predominantly pricing to offset commodity inflation?
Ian M. Cook: There is clearly a significant increase in list prices being taken to offset commodity inflation. There is also a focus on Colgate business planning, which if I take you back, we have said not only affects price, not only affects therefore gross profit, but can also affect volume in terms of the way you manage your promotional trade spending, because its an ROI model, not an absolute savings model. So as weve said before, Colgate business planning is in fact influencing different lines of the P&L and I wouldnt be able to un-bundle between the two of them in the price line, but it is fair to say that certainly in the current quarter and the next quarter, that there is list prices, list price increases being taken to offset commodity inflation. 
Alec Patterson - RCM: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question is from [Connie Vinetti] with BMO Capital.
Connie Vinetti - BMO Capital Markets : Good morning. Im wondering that as list price increases go into effect, if there will be some change in your marketing mix away from direct-to-the-consumer advertising and more to the trades. 
Ian M. Cook: Well, Im not sure they are mutually exclusive things, Connie, and Im not sure that pricing, at least the way we think about it as a matter of strategy would lead you one way or the other. I think we believe that there is power in traditional to consumer advertising, and the question is what is the best way -- by brand, by consumer segment -- to reach that consumer? And I think its fair to say, regardless of pricing activity, that the store, as we have said before, the dental and veterinary professionals, these are important influence points in the consumers brand choice. So we are constantly reassessing and reallocating our investment across all of those touch points but I dont think the fact that we are taking pricing is changing the way we would connect with consumers. I think in todays world, were always thinking about what is the best mix of our investment to reach and connect with them. 
Connie Vinetti - BMO Capital Markets : Great, thanks. 
Operator: Our next question is from Jason Gere with Wachovia Capital Markets. 
Jason Gere - Wachovia Capital Markets: Good morning, thanks. And kind of following up on Connies question, I mean, first -- I guess the first question is can you talk about the A&P target? I think, and hopefully you havent mentioned this earlier, but the 12% as a percentage of sales of the advertising, certainly you are getting pretty good lift off of the top line, so it might come in a little bit shy of that. But thats the first part.  And second, can you talk maybe between that balance between advertising and maybe the promotional or in-store merchandising? And more the categories that are affected by private label and more value brands, such as home care? Thanks. 
Ian M. Cook: Well, two things -- you will recall that when we talked about this 12%, we created it as an aspirational goal, and it remains that. And we said very much that the way we got to our advertising investment was on a bottoms up basis market by market, trying to keep our share of voice, which is, if you will, the share of spending that goes to consumers at competitive levels, depending on what we were doing in each market and what our competitors were doing. And in this quarter, we are at about 11.7% in terms of that advertising level and based on what we see in the market, I would say that we will finish this year around that level, with the top line growth that we have and the market needs we foresee and we will continue to aspirationally move ourselves towards the 12%, but we are very happy with the balance we are getting between investment, new products, pricing, and volume, as evidenced in this quarter.  Now, when you talk about how you spend that money, frankly that varies by brand, it varies by consumer, and it varies by the objectives you have at any point in time. Macro, I would say you are seeing more digital, because digital is proving to be a very efficient way of targeting and engaging with consumers, and you are seeing more at retail because that is a terrific touch point to reach the consumer at the moment, or just prior to the moment of purchase. But each of these decisions is made by marketing plans developed for brands on a country basis, so it will be different market by market and it will be different brand by brand. But if there is an underlying suggestion that some of the traditional media like television advertising and magazines, as was kind of raised three, four years ago, is going away, that is absolutely not the case. 
Jason Gere - Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay, and may I just add just a housekeeping question on the interest expense? At $25 million, I know there were some refinancing out there but can you just talk about -- I mean, thats a pretty big discrepancy between last quarter, this quarter, and certainly you did buy back stock in the period, so just wondering how we should think about that going forward? Thanks. 
Ian M. Cook: Sure. I was just figuring out the exact numbers. Its the change in commercial paper cost. Simple terms, rates are down from mid-single-digits to very low single digits and thats the benefit were getting. I think we may have mentioned this previously on a call but that is where we are and thats what we see for the balance of the year. 
Jason Gere - Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay, thanks. 
Operator: Our next question is from Linda Bolton Weiser with [Garriss].   
Linda Bolton Weiser - Garriss:  Thank you. It was interesting the comments you were making, Ian, about the Latin America region and thinking about EBIT growth rather than EBIT margins. And certainly you are getting a really good return on investment on your marketing spending, so Im curious as to whether we should think about that concept for Colgate as an entire company, maybe very modest if maybe even no EBIT margin growth going forward but very robust top line and EBIT profit growth. Can you comment on that?
Ian M. Cook: I can but I shant. I think where we would focus, Linda, would be to say that in these unprecedented times, we are I think in a very focused, disciplined way through cost savings, pricing, mix, Colgate business planning, working our way back to increasing our gross profit, which we expect to do in 2009, continue the focus we have on the overhead part of SG&A and to your question, that will give us the option as to how we construct the rest of the income statement while delivering the solid double-digit EPS growth next year, and we havent begun our budget process yet for 2009, and I think we will be addressing those issues as we go through that.  So no philosophical change at this time. Understand the question; our focus is on gross profit to decide how we best plan the business going forward in 2009 to deliver that solid double-digit EPS growth. 
Linda Bolton Weiser - Garriss:  That sounds good, and can I just ask about inventory? It was up about 18% year over year. Can we expect that to remain high for the rest of the year or is there anything going on there?
Ian M. Cook: Its up year-on-year. Its down quarter-on-quarter and it relates to some of the sourcing transitions we are going through, and in this particular quarter, it relates to new product launches actually in Latin America that required pre-build of inventory, and that was approaching one day. And our call on the year is to see that inventory flat for the year at this quarters level, so no increment. 
Linda Bolton Weiser - Garriss:  Thank you very much. 
Operator: We do have a follow-up from Ali Dibadj with Sanford Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein: Thanks for taking the follow-up. I wanted to ask about, and I understand you dont want to touch operating profit per company but you do talk about operating profit, for example, for North America. And I was struck by the fact that last quarter, it was supposed to be operating profit dollar up mid to single digits. Now its operating profit dollar up modestly for the year. If you back out what youve done over the first couple of quarters, thats operating profit dollar potentially even down for the back half of this year. And Im trying to understand what is driving that. Is it the advertising spend being 12% and kind of ramping up for an innovation? Is it maybe Colgate business planning is going up against its comps? Is it forward buying by the retailers, so you expect volumes to be down? Is it some sort of restructuring to go after overhead? I know its a long list but I guess my question is very shortly, why?
Ian M. Cook: The answer is if you go back to 2007, the first comment to be made is that the operating profit in the third and fourth quarters was, you may recall, very high double-digits. Secondly, the operating profit for the balance of the year is not negative in the United States. It is positive and that relates to a combination of the gross margin pressure and the investment that we choose to make in the business. 
Operator: We do have a follow-up then as well from Chris Ferrara with Merrill Lynch.
Christopher Ferrara - Merrill Lynch: Thanks for taking it. I just wanted to real quickly on the advertising spend again, I know you said that youd be -- you think around 11.7% by the end of the year, at the end of the year; just to clarify, do you mean that the year 2008 well see advertising at 11%, 11.7% of sales or do you mean that Q4 levels will be around there?
Ian M. Cook: Good question, Chris. I would say that for the full year 2008, we will see advertising around the same level as this quarter for the full year. 
Christopher Ferrara - Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks a lot. 
Operator: We have another follow-up. It is from Alec Patterson, RCM. 
Alec Patterson - RCM: Ian, just in the area of the commodities, I believe in the past your hedging has been fairly limited, mostly in the area of corn or Hills related. Has that policy changed as you are looking forward here? You seem rather secure in your commodity outlook into 09 in terms of margin, so Im just wondering if the hedging policy changed. 
Ian M. Cook: The hedging policy has not changed, Alec, and your recollection is correct. We are well hedged and locked in on prices for Hills. We tend to take a one-year view on these things and manage the rest with our long-term strategic relationships and through the income statement, so there has been no philosophical change in hedging. 
Alec Patterson - RCM: Okay, thanks. 
Operator: This does conclude todays question-and-answer session. Id like to turn the call now to Bina Thompson for closing comments. 
Ian M. Cook: Actually, Ill take that. Thanks for being on the call and the questions and we look forward to updating you again on the business after the third quarter. Thanks very much.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Bina Thompson - VP of IR Ian Cook - President, CEO and COO
Analysts: John Faucher - JP Morgan Wendy Nicholson - Citi Investment Research Bill Pecoriello - Morgan Stanley Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein Alice Longley - Buckingham Research Filippe Goossens - Credit Suisse Chris Ferrara - Merrill Lynch Bill Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Alec Patterson - RCM Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs Jason Gere - Wachovia Capital Markets
Operator: Good day and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive company first quarter 2008 Earnings Call. This call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgate.com. Just as a reminder there may be a slight delay before the questions and answers session begins due to the web simulcast. At this time for opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations Ms. Bina Thompson. Please go ahead maam.
Bina Thompson : Thanks Matt. Good morning everybody and welcome to our first quarter earnings release conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, President and CEO, Steve Patrick, CFO, Dennis Hickey, Corporate Controller and Ed. Filusch, Treasurer. We will discuss the results for the first quarter this morning excluding charges relating to the 2004 restructuring program and certain other items in the first quarter for 2007. The reported GAAP results with reconciliation to the results, excluding the restructuring charges and other items in the first quarter of 2007 are included in the press release and accompanying financial statements and are posted on the Investor Relations page of our website at www.colgate.com. Comments about expectation will also exclude restructuring charges. But during the Q&A, we will answer any questions including or excluding these items as you wish. We were very pleased with our first quarter results, particularly given some of the external pressures that both we and our competition have been facing, a slowdown in the US economy and worldwide increases in raw materials and commodity costs. We continue to see that our global strategies with which you are all familiar are working. Getting closer to the consumer, our customer and the profession and effectiveness in the efficiency in everything we do, innovation everywhere and a focus on developing our leaders of today and more importantly tomorrow. We are delighted that a very strong top line has allowed us to continue increase advertising by a meaningful amount, while at the same time delivering earning per share ahead of our and your expectations. Advertising was up both absolutely (inaudible) of sales. And that, along with our strong new product program has resulted in increased market share in many categories around the world. And as you would expect, the competition of our top line is consistent with our strategy of focus prioritization on high margin categories. Oral Care, Personal Care and Pet Nutrition volumes grew nicely, while our Home Care volumes remain relatively flat. So, we expect volume and pricing increases to accelerate in the coming quarters so that we continue to feel comfortable with double-digit EPS growth. Clearly the raw material and commodity cost environment is as we said in our press release unprecedented. If you recall when we spoke to you in early February on our year end conference call, oil prices was about $90 a barrel and we told you that although we had budgeted $75, we had revisited dollar assumption and had a plan based on $90, which still allowed us to deliver gross profits within our targeted range. Since then, oil prices have steadily and relentlessly climbed to a current level covering near $120. In addition, agricultural commodity costs in our Hill's business have increased over 30% on average from what we projected at year end 2007. In fact, excluding the Hill's business, our gross margin was up 20 basis points in the quarter. As you can see from our results, ongoing funding growth programs and other cost-saving initiatives are still strong and we have increased prices across our businesses to offset this increases. Our implementation of Colgate business planning is continuing and its on track to deliver the $100 million savings we told you about on previous call. As with all areas of the P&L and the balance sheet we have very disciplined contest regarding pricing worldwide. We have a very specific plan developed, operating executive for each category worldwide works out a plan country by country and then make sure that plan is implemented. As a result, you see in the first quarter a price increase of 3%, the highest in a long time. Importantly, despite this price increase, our volume worldwide exceeds solid mid single digits compared to the highest volume increase in 2007. Some of our price increases have only been recently announced and will not take effect in the market for several months. So while we expect gross margins to be relatively flat in the next quarter, we should see improvement in the back half of 2008. And as Ian mentioned in the press release further improvement in 2009. In addition to good results on the P&L, our after-tax operating cash flow is strong, up 17% year-over-year and our working capitol decreased 0.8%. That coupled with expert market shares around the world gives us confidence that our business is assumed very healthy. So let's turn to the division to look into that in a bit more detail. Starting with North America, I know that there have been concerns regarding the health of the US economy however, I am pleased to report our business grew nicely. In fact, volume in the US alone increased almost 6% due to both good market share growth and category growth as well. As previously noted, raw materials processing affected our gross margins however, solid decreases and overhead expenses allowed us to increase advertising and still deliver an increased operating margin. Market shares in the US are very healthy and as reported by A C Nielsen increased in 8 out of 10 categories. Our toothpaste share was up over 50 basis points year-over-year with strong performance behind Colgate Total Toothpaste as referenced in the press release. Irish Spring bar soap reached its highest share ever at almost 12% and in a liquid hands soap category, our share reached its highest quarterly level in over a year and a half behind successful new product introductions. Our share performance in both the African-American and Hispanic markets was good in the quarter as well. For the Hispanic markets weve had for some time dedicated Hispanic TV, Fridge and online creative with the same as Cuban-American journalists and TV show as hostess. And just recently we signed on Holly Robinson Peete, an actress, author and radio personality to do the same for the African-American market. So looking ahead, we expect volume in North America to increase mid-single digits in the second quarter and full year. Operating profit is expected to increase mid-single digits in the second quarter and full year as well. Turning to Latin America, our Latin American business continues to be very solid. We saw higher increases in both sales and in volume in the first quarter than the fourth quarter of 2007 indicating good, continued momentum in this region. Volume in Mexico and Brazil increased high single digits and other countries had good growth as well. A particular note is they are about volume growth even after price increases of 6%, up from 2.4% for full year 2007 were implemented across the region. Our Toothpaste business remains strong. In Mexico for 85.4% share referenced in the press release includes a 17.3% share of Colgate Total. Colgate Total professional theme was an important growth driver and that variant alone now has 3.2% share. In Brazil we achieved a new record share at almost 70%, and this is an increase of 3.3 points over the year-ago period. With our toothbrush shares reached a record as well increasing almost 3 points year-over-year We told you last quarter about our successful progress in the mouthwash category. We had achieved volume leadership in Brazil and value leadership in Argentina. This quarter we achieved value leadership in Brazil as well with almost 40% of the market. Two years ago we had a gap of 20-share points between Colgate and the previous number-one competitor. In Argentina, we consolidated our number one position with a 10-point share gain year-over-year to well over 50% of the market. Our personal care businesses across the region are doing well also. In bar soap, new products in both the Palmolive and Colgate equities are doing very well. In April of last year, Palmolive became the number one brand in Mexico and we have steadily been widening the gap between our nearest competitor in each successive share reading. And in the first quarter of this year we launched a new line of deodorant with new form in the spray and roll-on segments supported by a very powerful integrated marketing campaign and early results were quite promising. So, looking ahead, we expect volume growth in Latin America at the first quarter level or higher for the second quarter and full year; an indication again of continued strong momentum in the region. Operating profit is expected to grow double-digit for the second quarter and full year as well. Europe, as with the US, there has been some concern regarding the health of the European economy and its effect on consumer buying behavior. Beside both the oral and personal care categories overall have shown consistent growth similar and even ahead from recent years. For Colgate specifically, both oral and personal care volume was good in the quarter and we saw share gains in toothpaste, toothbrushes, mouthwash, shower gel, bath salts, and bar soap. New products as always have helped grow our market share. Our overall Europe and South Pacific share of toothpaste is up at 35.1%, up almost half a point in this highly competitive market and our toothbrush share is up over half a point to 20.5% for the most recent lead at 21.1. In the South Pacific alone we reached over 70% of the toothpaste market, a new record. That region set a record in its manual toothbrush shares as well. We have seen good momentum in our shower gel business fueled in part by some of the new products referenced in the press release. Our market share for the region is up at 12.1% on a year-to-date basis with the 12.5% lead in the most recent period. In fact, with the launch of Tahiti Pearl, a shower gel with innovative new packaging and premium pricing, our share is up almost a full point year-over-year. So, looking forward, volume in Europe should increase mid single-digit for the second quarter and full year, slightly ahead of the first quarter. Operating profit is expected to exceed high single to double digit for the second quarter and full year. Greater Asia-Africa; the results in this region really were excellent. Our overall toothpaste share is up year-over-year. In addition to the strong performance in China mentioned in the press release, our toothpaste share in India is up 20 basis points, approaching 50%. We entered 2008 with good momentum in this country and that has continued with strong advertising support behind products such as Colgate Active Salt, Colgate Max Fresh, and our lower price brand Cibaca. In Russia, where we have maintained the number one position in toothpaste for almost a year with a share just over 33%, we have just launched our GABA products in the pharmacy channel. As you know, the GABA model is just to cure our strong share and presence in this town before we introduce the whole system of toothpaste, toothbrushes and mouthwash to the mass market. In the toothbrush category our share in India reached a high of 37%, up 220 basis points versus a year ago. We launched Colgate's Super Flexible in November of last year and on the ground support is excellent in-store and professional activities had sustained the momentum in the business. Our toothbrush share in Russia reached a record 49.2%, up 340 basis points versus a year ago. In the Philippines, our toothbrush share has increased every quarter for the past 11 quarters and this quarter reached almost 58%, up 780 basis points from the year ago period. In the shower gel segment, we've achieved share leadership across the region. In Russia, due to new product such as Palmolive Skin Essentials, we hold 29.4% of the market, up almost three full points from the prior year. So looking ahead, we expect volume in Greater Asia, Africa to increase at first quarter level, for the second quarter and the full year. Operating profits should increase several digits for the second quarter and full year. In Hill's, sales continued to grow consistently and solidly even as we increase prices to offset rising commodity cost. Operating profit was a strong double-digit. As you know, as with dental recommendations in oral care, veterinary recommendations are critical for the continued success of this business. So with the continued driving growth Hill's announced in January 2008 a new partnership with the American Veterinary Medical Association to form the alliance for healthier pet and obesity awareness and prevention program. This program is a national campaign aimed at educating pet owners about the dangers of pet obesity and associating veterinary health professionals with the tools necessary to facilitate successful weight loss program for their pet patients. This program has generated over 112 million consumer impressions via community events, pet retailers, veterinary clinics, veterinary conferences and local and national media coverage. The program tool kits have been highly accepted and are being utilized in over 11,000 veterinary hospitals. In addition, this February-March is our 14th year of sponsoring our National Pet Dental Health Month Program for the veterinary community. This program encourages veterinary healthcare teams to talk with their clients about scheduling regular dental appointments for their pets, while also increasing consumer awareness of the need for pet dental care. Program such as these help ensure that no products are recommended 7-1 over competing products. Looking ahead, the volume in Hill's is expected to increase mid single-digit for the second quarter and full year. Operating profit is expected to increase double digits for the second quarter and full year as well. So in summary, we are very pleased with the way 2008 has started. Clearly the momentum in our business which we enjoy as we exited 2007 is continuing into this year. Our strategies are working. Ongoing funding the growth program, our structuring savings, as well as our worldwide program of selling price increases all happen to offset significant worldwide raw material and commodity cost increases. Our worldwide focus on increasing advertising is resulting in excellent sales and volume growth. Our market shares are indeed healthy and increasing around the world. So we look forward to sharing our progress as we go through the remainder of the year. Now, Matt we would like to turn it over to questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And we will go first to John Faucher with JP Morgan.
John Faucher - JP Morgan: Yes. Thank you very much. Bina, you talked about the discrepancy in the gross margin performance sort of the Hill's versus rest of the company, two questions to follow up on that. Is that the type of split we should expect going forward? And then also can you highlight how things trended in the quarter, because obviously it didn't seem though that you guys were as concerned about this level of cost pressure earlier in the quarter? Thanks.
Ian Cook: John, good morning, its Ian. Thanks for the question. Let me just say a couple things before I come directly to that two part question. First, to underscore that we are actually very pleased with that performance in the first quarter, good sales growth, good profitability growth, both market share increases in major countries around the world, and as I say with that top line growth, 5.5% volume with 3% pricing on top. Second thing to say, we continue to be very comfortable with the strategy that we have been deploying over the last four years now focusing on building that connection with the consumers supported by innovation with a continued focus on effectiveness and efficiency and of course developing the leadership of the company. Turning to the gross profit, let met talk first to the quarter then to the year and give you some thoughts on 2009. So the quarter John, when we last spoke in February at conference call Cagney . As I said at the time, we had gotten off to a strong start for the year from a sales point of view and we are comfortable we would be ahead of forecast. The Colgate gross profit had expanded quite nicely. The Hill's gross profit was modestly down, but within our forecasted estimate. Two things as the quarter unfolded hit us very hard. Pets and orals prices grew very quickly on an impacted our core business to the tune of about 500 basis points. More importantly, as you said John, the agro costs on our Hill's business grew significantly beyond what we had forecast by some 30% and we ended up with a drag on the gross profits at Hill's of over 400 basis points, between 400 and 500, which took the gross profit for that business down on the quarter by some 200 basis points with the Colgate as Bina said up some 20 basis points, largely impacted by those pets and orals. When we forecast Hill's we came into the year with good pricing already in place in the fourth quarter of last year, between 6% and 8%. You saw the 7.5% SPI gain on Hill's with good volume growth, not withstanding that, and we of course we have had to revisit that business in a very disciplined way for the balance of the year, and since we last spoke, we now have in place a double-digit price increase on that business, which will take effect at the very end of the second quarter, beginning of the third, and that will see improvements in the gross profit margin on Hill's for the balance of the year, should see us exiting the year flat, down on the full year but exiting the year flat. Now turning to 2008 from a gross profit point of view in totality, obviously again since we last spoke we now, see oil at a $120 and what we have done in a very disciplined way is address the impact of that on our business for the balance of the year, the year full cost of what the commodity impact, what our savings programs will be, and what additional pricing we will need to take across the balance of this year to offset that, which we will finalize during our mid-year review process, which is just about now, to take place. We have further spent time thinking about the cost profile for 2009 and have taken, I think, some conservative forecasting assumptions, specifically oil at around $130 a barrel which as you know is significantly beyond most, if not all external forecasts, continuing across the head wins and pricing, new pricing at about half the level we expect to put in place this year and we see ourselves substantially improving gross profit next year. To step back from an overall point of view, very comfortable with our efficiency strategy and well talk about that in more detail I am sure later, surprised in the first quarter as it unfolded largely approaching to Hill's, but plan is in place for the balance of this year and preliminary planning in place for 2009.
Operator: We go to Wendy Nicholson with Citi Investment Research.
Wendy Nicholson - Citi Investment Research: Hi, I guess I am just frankly in a state of shock that only three months have passed and yet the gross margin expansion target has changed so entirely. And I guess my shock comes from the fact that even when you guys have been in tough years like 2004, 2005 you still manage to expand your gross margin. So I guess on the forecast for flat gross margins this year, this doesn't sound right to me. I mean do you think there was a problem internally where you guys were caught sort of flatfooted on your forecasting? Do you think you have been too slow just figure out how much more pricing you need to take? You have taken a ton of pricing in health but do you think that you need to take it in the US, but we just can't because the consumer is kind of weak? It strikes me as though not Colgate like to see such a big miss relative to what you told us three months ago. And I guess then my second question is what you think is going to happen this year from an operating margin perspective because if your volumes only continue to grow in the mid single digits and lets suppose currency doesn't continue to give you the same kind of benefit that you have, I don't know how you re consensus estimates for 13% earnings growth?
Ian Cook: Let's come back to the margin, Wendy, and where we sit on the businesses. I think we took you through what we were estimating in terms of oil and the impact of oil on commodity pricing for the year. We told you where we had started. With the 75, we responded the last time to what we thought would be a 90 average, and now we are planning to 120 average for this year, which is the elevated level that oil sits at today. There is, of course, as I just explained with Hill's and the agro prices a lag in terms of your ability to take pricing and make it play in the marketplace. And in the case of Hill's we made estimates, we took pricing to respond to those estimates, and the agro costs surprised us significantly in the first quarter, which we have responded to with pricing that will take place at the end of the second quarter. Since we last spoke, importantly in the United States, we have announced a 9% price increase on our toothpaste business, which will reach the marketplace at the beginning of the third quarter. And relative to the consumer, so far we are not seeing a slowdown in terms of the consumers purchasing of our products. The category growth in the United States remains positive. They may be down 50 basis points from historical highs but they are still running about 2.5% to 3% across the board. And in Europe they are running about 2% to 2.5% higher on our personal care and oral care businesses. So, we think we have responded appropriately to unprecedented cost movements in the marketplace and have pricing in place now going forward that reflects that and accounts for that and has not been tampered by any concern relative to the consumer because we have not seen that elasticity in our categories. So, I would add that as we have priced, we see private label brands pricing as well. We have not seen an increase in private label shares in our businesses, certainly not at our expense. So, I think that answers the pricing and the cost factors. Wendy, I think we are moving steadily to address it but some of the changes of the commodity pricing clearly have been extraordinary and unprecedented in the marketplace. With many of the forward curbs on these costs lower than the prices in effect in the market today and yet we are planning at those elevated prices. Relative to the operating margin, we see the operating margin for the balance of the year at around the same level as the prior year, and we see from our exchange point of view, I think the first quarter was something like 7.5%, we have on the average for the year about 4% favorable exchange gains for the company. You know, well, that we tend to take a conservative view on exchange as we have done here. So feel with our top line growth very comfortable with the double-digits earnings per share increase on the year, Wendy
Operator: We'll go to Bill Pecoriello with Morgan Stanley.
Bill Pecoriello - Morgan Stanley: Good morning.
Ian Cook: Hi, Bill.
Bill Pecoriello - Morgan Stanley: If you could give us the gross margin to walk through in the quarter and then just in terms of the components as the year goes on, is the main difference going to be whatever that pricing contribution, obviously, is going to go up based on what you are saying? Any other major changes in the contribution on commodity impact, restructuring, funding the growth etcetera, once you give us that walk through on the Q1?
Ian Cook: Yeah, let me do that, Bill. Obviously, in the prior year our gross profit was 54.7%. We had material 57.3%. We had a pricing headwind of some 320 basis points, materials costs increases of some 320 basis points that offset by funding the growth savings around 90 basis points, restructuring benefits of 80 basis points, the balance in price and mix getting you to the 57.3% down to 10 basis points year-on-year. As we look forward, Bill, for the rest of this year you see a greater pickup indeed due to pricing that is forecast with both the material price headwind as I said, being held at the current level and our funding the growth savings and restructuring, offsetting the balance.
Bill Pecoriello - Morgan Stanley: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go to Ali Dibadj with Sanford Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: Hi, guys. A couple of questions.
Bina Thompson: One question, please, Ali.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: Sure. I will try to tie it into one big one. Around margins, certainly just trying to get a more of the clarification on the lag effect on pricing and if that modified in any way your kind of seemingly to most people, an unstoppable march to 50% by 2010. And then on the operating margins part of that, what is your confidence in keeping up operating margin safe? I am just looking at one of your star region Latin America here. With great pricing growth you are still down on operating margin there and how that build confidence for the rest of the business having to take pricing and not getting ahead on operating margins?
Ian Cook: Yeah. So the first question relative to gross profit, as I said at the beginning, we are very comfortable with the overall strategy we have in place in terms of the effectiveness and efficiency. Obviously, we focus on many things. We focus on our Colgate business planning which is on track, and we are still looking to get $100 million from Colgate business planning this year. We focus on providing value-added offerings to the consumer. So the consumer is prepared even in this environment to pay a premium price. Well, and of course, we continue to be focused on advancing the higher gross profit oral care and personal care businesses, which handily led the pack in this quarter. And then on top, we are, of course, taking pricing. Now, we are still focused in 2009 and going forward, against the targets we have from a gross profit point of view and also 75 basis points. And as we have done some about preliminary thinking in 2009, I think I have already said we have confidence that we will be substantially up, even with some fairly conservative assumptions built into that. But I think it is fair to say, Ali that in terms of delivering 60% you said 50%, it was actually 50% by 2010. We may miss that by a quarter or two, given this unprecedented top profile that we are meeting and overcoming in 2008. So that's the answer on the gross profit, growth confidence going forward, and I think in terms of the prevailing cost environment, we are assuming that will worst and dealing with that. Secondly, back to Latin America, I think we had this discussion on the call the last time, Ali relative to Latin America. This is a terrific business that we got volume growth in Latin America of around 7.5%. And we have seen our advertising investment in that division up meaningfully year-on-year, and still we have a profit increase of plus 14%. So we like the profile of that business and we are making a choice to drive our brand growth and penetration and trial and market share in a favorable environment. So, I repeat volume growth about 7.4%. As Bina said, shares in some of that key market in Latin America and find high with an opportunity to drive them further and maintain that top line volume growth in the high single-digit area as we have said before.
Operator: We go to Alice Longley of Buckingham Research.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research:  Hi. I just wanted to check at one statement you said earlier. Did you say that you assumed operating margins for the year would be flat?
Ian Cook: It's actually flat with prior year, yes.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: And thats just for the year overall. Okay. And on you gave us some projections that you are assuming for some of the variables like FX, what is the assumption that we should use for pricing for the year overall? You had 3% in the first quarter.
Ian Cook: I think we will see pricing for the year overall in the 3.5 to 4.5 range.
Operator: We will go to Filippe Goossens with Credit Suisse.
Filippe Goossens - Credit Suisse: Good morning, Ian and Bina. My question is on the emerging markets in general in Brazil specifically and maybe first the Brazilian component. Obviously another great performance by Peter particularly on the mouthwash side, but I was hoping if you could give just give us a little bit more of a color in terms of how you are looking at the new value-added packs that was implemented February 1 in the state of Sao Paolo, how that is impacting your business in this, if there is any initial read on whether other states may follow the lead of Sao Paulo. The other emerging markets question Ian, has to do obviously with rising Cuban inflation in many emerging markets. Your initial read, any impact on your volumes or peoples willingness to also pay higher prices as you had just accordingly, thank you very much.
Ian Cook: Thank you, I think Filippe good question. Let me take the second one first. We are keeping a very close eye on food items in emerging markets and downtrend distribution particularly cooking oil, which is obviously a very important family purchase. The answer would be no. We have not seen an impact on our purchases. And I think to go back a little bit to the strategy that we deployed with our businesses, and that is for those emerging markets, we have packaging forms, namely sachets and small tubes which permit us to bring our thoughts into that channel of distribution at a very affordable cash outlet price for that consumer that is buying on a daily basis, and we made sure from a distribution point of view, obviously that we are very strongly represented in those channels and as I say, affordable from a cash outlet point of view. So no impact but we are keeping a very close eye both on our businesses as we indicate the foodstuffs, as I say, like cooking oil. Turning to your first question, that the tax exchange did not have an impact on us in the quarter, because we managed complex negotiations and the implementation of the government with the industry association, with early communication and therefore avoided any disruption order. We do not have any information that would suggest this could expand elsewhere, but were to do so we would obviously manage it with the same attention and discipline to avoid the disruption as we did in Sao Paolo.
Operator: We go to Chris Ferrara with Merrill Lynch 
Chris Ferrara: I just wanted to get to the advertising line. I think last quarter, I guess you said presumably with some conviction that you would get 12% of sales on advertising for this year. I think if I might have misheard you earlier you said you expect to be flat year-over-year. Is that right? And why? I guess where is the advertising coming from versus what you previously expected if there was a change?
Merrill Lynch: I just wanted to get to the advertising line. I think last quarter, I guess you said presumably with some conviction that you would get 12% of sales on advertising for this year. I think if I might have misheard you earlier you said you expect to be flat year-over-year. Is that right? And why? I guess where is the advertising coming from versus what you previously expected if there was a change?
Ian Cook: Then if I did say that Chris, I apologize. I dont think I did. We are actually very pleased that our advertising on this first quarter is up double digits year-on-year and the ratio is up year-on-year and I think we said that our aspiration and our goal was to get to a 12% advertising to sales ratio by the end of 2008 and that very much remains our goal and our forecast. We are committed to appropriate advertising behind our business to do trial for the brand that we have.
Operator: We'll go to Bill Chappell with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
Bill Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Good morning. On a couple of commodities, you havent talked about corn and soybean. I assume that was as big a surprise over the past few months for the Hill's business. Is there any change to your hedging policies on a go-forward basis? And maybe what you are expecting for prices of those products going into 09 for your pricing?
Ian Cook: Yeah Bill. Its Ian, sorry.
Bill Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: You're okay?
Ian Cook: Yeah. I guess the water went down the wrong way here. I would like to respond. We on our Hill's business, we hedge about a third of it and that would include the corn and I don't have soybean specifically on this list, Bill. I am sorry. Is there somebody who has it around the room? Bill, I think were going to have to get back to you after the call. I am sorry, let me correct that, I can say that soybeans for us in terms of our assumptions this year is up between 40%, and 45% and corn because of the hedge it's basically the same. But the soybean is up and we will, as we look forward, be hedging those like materials in 2009.
Operator: Well go to Bill Schmitz with Deutsche Bank. 
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Hey, good morning.
Ian Cook: Hey Bill.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Hey, a couple things. The SG&A cost in the quarter seemed like they came down pretty considerably which is impressive obviously and thats even with the shipping and the handling cost in the SG&A line. So, what happened in the quarter? Did you adjust spending or change some things given the input cost environment?
Ian Cook: Yeah, good question Bill. From our point of view essentially overhead came down and was offset by advertising going up. Its that simple and in that overhead line and also putting investment behind, our go-to-market capability in terms of professional selling, organizations and on the ground merchandising and sales capability. So, the overhead costs came down on a ratio basis, offset by advertising going up.
Operator: We will go to Lauren Lieberman with Lehman Brothers.
Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers: Thanks. Good morning.
Ian Cook: Good morning Lauren. 
Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers: I have a question about funding the growth. My understanding is that one of the buckets of cost savings within funding the growth is purchasing related. First of you mentioned that funding the growth was only about 90 basis points this quarter. Its the lower rate of savings this quarter and maybe what is the lower rate of savings expected through the year because you are less able to get purchasing type savings in this commodity cost environment?
Ian Cook: Lauren, the answer to your question is we are forecasting at the first quarter rate going forward for precisely the reason you said.
Operator: We'll go next to Connie Maneaty with BMO Capital.
Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital: Hi. Good morning. I understand the sensitivity of the Hill's business to agricultural commodities and I understand the top down was going along the 120, but I really don't understand the sensitivity of toothpaste to commodities. So, where is the link between toothpaste and the 9% price increase you are taking? What justifies the price increase of that nature? Is that a price increase worldwide and have your major competitors followed you on it?
Ian Cook:  It is cost justified Connie in the United States, a combination of war and packing materials. And yes, my understanding is that the principal competitors in the United States have both announced price increases on those businesses.
Operator: We'll go to Alec Patterson with RCM.
Alec Patterson - RCM: Yes, good morning.
Ian Cook: Good Morning, Alec.
Alec Patterson - RCM: I just want to get a feel for the margin algorithms, as you are taking pricing now up to, you said 3.5%-4.5% level and how that is going impact the way we should look at gross margin. I presume it's about a 200 basis points positive impact and things like the advertising and the sales ratio mentioned before, obviously, you are taking pricing up. Are you trying to match that with an advertising list? I am just trying to get a sense of how pricing is affecting the way the margin structure plays out.
Ian Cook: I would say, as I mentioned in going through the gross profits for the first quarter, Alec that's about 130 of the gross profit with the offset material prices was in pricing. I expect that, given that the rate of pricing increases on the balance of the year to increase somewhat in that 150 to 200 range for the balance of the year to offset the prevailing 300 odd basis points of material price list and see the start to rebuild gross profit over the balance of the year and the advertising falls out of that in our planning.
Operator: We'll go to Andrew Sawyer with Goldman Sachs.
Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs: Two quick ones. First, I am just wondering if you could help us through why you're looking for an acceleration in volume growth in Latin American region for the balance of the year and second, kind of building on Alice's question, and I guess about adding up a lot and look at gross margins instead of looking on a percentage basis, if I look it in dollars, it seems to me still with foreign exchange the way it is, you are looking at may be low double digits to low teens to gross profit in dollars and first of all is that correct? And second, I guess with that level of funding, I guess how should we think about operating leverage against that kind of dollar growth in gross profit? Thanks.
Ian Cook: Let me talk about Latin America first, Andrew. If you profile 2008, you got a probably the easiest, in fact the easiest comparisons of the toughest comparison, I am sorry, of the year, quarter-to-quarter, first quarter of 2007 was approaching about 14% and, obviously very healthy 7.5% in 2008, it was terrific on top of that. Now the range has increased, we are looking at in Latin America for the year in that 7 to 8.5 volume range, is activity driven and comparison against prior year quarter. So we feel very comfortable about that. Turning to your question on gross margin
Operator: We will take our final question from Jason Gere of Wachovia Capital Markets.
Jason Gere - Wachovia Capital Markets: Good morning. Sorry I got cut off there. I was wondering if you could just provide little more color on Hill's, the volumes, may be in the US, some of the specialty channels were very aggressively promotional during the period, I am just wondering if you could talk a little bit about what they are doing during this time when you are taking pricing and obviously you are facing a lot of cost inflation and the impact on the consumer?
Ian Cook: Yeah. Good question Jason, interestingly we saw, as you saw very good volume for Hill's in that 3% to 4% range. And we sold that in the United States and that was with the 7.5% pricing. I think when we talked the last time, I had mentioned though when we took pricing in the fourth quarter of last year, we saw a slight slowdown in terms of the up take in the specialty channel, when the pricing was initially introduces and that we had seen that come back towards the end of the year. And that has continued into the first quarter of this year. So, we are seeing, from a dollar point of view in the specialty channel, growth rates around 4.5% to 5.5% through the first two months of this year. And I would just comment generally not related to Hill's that the overall business sales growth, started this quarter quite strongly as well. So we see the consumer buying and the kind of initiatives remember we are focused on with Hill's is building loyalty and use because of the clinical benefit with professional recommendations. It is not a price dealing price sensitive business. So far the consumer is staying with us. Hello?
Jason Gere - Wachovia Capital Markets: And advertising, looking to be stepped up in year end and operating margins looking to be flat, can you, are you just quantify that SG&A, you are going to see continuation of the improvements that we saw during the year? So, we hadn't seen those improvements in the last two years?
Ian Cook: As we look at the year, we're going to see SG&A overall basically flat, which will see a slow reduction in overhead and an increase in advertising for the year. I think I said the last time when we were on the call; we had put some good capability in place as we had gone through the restructuring program, we are getting benefits in terms of our overhead cost structure and we will be investing some of that. And I think I said that we expected that to start to tail off towards the end of 2008 on the overhead line and that is what we're planning.
Bina Thompson: And now do we have any more questions?
Operator: That was the final question.
Ian Cook: Thanks very much for joining the call. We thank you for your support and we look forward to catching up again at the end of the second quarter.
Operator: And that does conclude today's call. Again, thank you for your participation have a good day.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-31 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Bina Thompson - Vice President of Investor Relations Ian Cook - President and Chief Executive Officer Stephen Patrick - Chief Financial Officer Dennis Hickey - VP, Corporate Controller  Edward Filusch - VP & Corporate Treasurer 
Analysts: Bill Pecoriello  Morgan Stanley  Christopher Ferrara  Merrill Lynch Amy Low Chasen - Goldman Sachs Filippe Goossens  Credit Suisse Nick Modi - UBS Alec Debarge  Sanford Bernstein Wendy Nicholson  City Investment Research Alice Lumley  Buckingham Research  Justin Hott  Bear Stearns  Connie Maneaty  BMO Capital Markets Lauren Lieberman  Lehman Brothers  John Faucher  J.P. Morgan  Alec Patterson  RCM  Jason Gere  Wachovia Capital  Joseph Altobello  Oppenheimer & Co  Neal Gleason  The Boston Company  
Operator:  Good day and welcome to todays Colgate-Palmolive Company fourth quarter 2007 earnings conference call. Todays conference is being recorded and simulcast live at www.colgate.com (Operator Instructions) At this time for opening remarks I would like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson.  
Bina Thompson: Good morning and welcome to our fourth quarter and year-end conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, President and CEO, Steve Patrick, CFO, Dennis Hickey, Corporate Controller, and Ed Filusch, Treasurer.  We will discuss the results for the fourth quarter this morning excluding charges relating to the 2004 restructuring program and the fourth quarter 2006 gain on the sale of the companys household bleach business in Canada.  The reported GAAP results with reconciliations to the results, excluding the restructuring charges and the prior year gain on the sale of the Canadian bleach business, are included in the press release and accompanying financial statements and are posted on the Investor Relations page of our website at www.colgate.com. Comments about expectations will also exclude restructuring charges. And during the Q&A we will answer any questions, including or excluding these items as you wish.  Were very pleased with our earnings results, which yet again demonstrate our effectiveness of our global strategies, with which you are all familiar. Getting closer to the customer, consumer, and profession; being effective at everything we do; leading with innovation; and developing our leadership team around the world. We yet again achieved our goals of strong volume growth, solid growth margin improvements, and meaningful increases in advertising, while still delivering double-digit earnings growth.  And as youve read in the press release, worldwide sales and unit volume growth for the quarter were excellent. And encouragingly the sales pace this year has started off well. A particular note is our 90 basis point increase in gross margin, well within our targeted increase of 75-125 basis points, and in the face of a very challenging commodity cost environment.  Our ongoing Funding the Growth program continues to deliver substantial savings and that has been supplemented with savings from our restructuring program as well as improved pricing. Colgate Business Planning, now implemented in subsidiaries which represent over half of our sales is on track as well, and by the end of this year should be implemented in roughly 70% of our business.  Our double-digit advertising increase has helped grow market shares around the world and we expect to achieve the 12% in sales advertising spending level we targeted for the end of 2008.  Our tax rate for the year came in somewhat higher than anticipated. With the fourth quarter tax rate almost three points higher than the fourth quarter of 2006 due to the cost of increased remittances from foreign subsidiaries and the negative impact of statutory tax rate changes in certain overseas subsidiaries. Our expectations for a 2008 tax rate are in the range of 32-33%. And were delighted that our balance sheet remains solid and our after-tax operating cash flow increased over 20%. Our return on capital is strong at 34% up from 29.7% in 2006.  So lets turn to the divisions. North America; were very pleased with the strong volume growth in North America. In fact, in the US alone volume was up 7%. This is a result of both market share gains and overall category growth. As this indicates for most of 2007, North American gross margin increased very significantly, a result of the restructuring activity here in the states as well as the implementation of Colgate Business Planning, which is now beginning to deliver savings. Consequently, operating profit increased to a record level as a percent of sales on the full-year basis.  And as always, new products have played an important role in delivering these strong results and we expect that to continue in 2008 with several more exciting introductions. The first, is Colgate Total Advanced Whitening, part of the Colgate Total Advanced line. Like Colgate Total Advanced Cleaning, Colgate Total Advanced Whitening has a superior cleaning system and provides enhanced Oral Care benefits. Multiple variants mean a variety of (inaudible). Shifting in February, in new premium packaging will be Colgate Total Advanced Clean Gel and Advanced Clean Paste, Advanced Whitening Paste, and Advanced Fresh, and all these will be priced at the super-premium price point and will be supported by an extensive integrated marketing campaign. The Colgate Total brand is the best selling toothpaste in America, with over a 15% share of the market in 2007.  In the toothbrush category, well be launching Colgate 360 degree Sonic Power, a powered version of our very successful manual 360 degree toothbrush. This has been selling in many overseas markets and has met with great success.  In body wash, were introducing Softsoap Spa Radiance, for the consumer who wants to step out of each shower with that after-spa glow. Priced at a premium, this line of shower gels including exfoliating with mineral salt, moisture wrap with essential oils, and purifying with aromatic botanicals, should continue to build the share momentum in this category. Our body wash market share for the full year 2007 was at 9.3%, up two full points from 2006. Looking ahead, volume in North America is expected to increase in the solid single-digit range in both the first quarter and full year. Operating profit is expected to be up mid to high single-digit for both the quarter and full year.  Turning then to Europe, volume growth and market share results in Europe were very encouraging. For the year, market share increased in toothpaste, manual and battery toothbrushes, mouth rinse, shower gels, and bar soap, consistent with our focus on the higher margin Oral and Personal Care categories. Overall in Western Europe our categories are showing good growth, a positive sign in what is a relatively mature market.  New products are important to the growth of this region as they are elsewhere. An exciting new toothpaste, Colgate Max White, that contains white micro-crystals will be launching across Europe and the South Pacific this year. Max White capitalizes on the innovative cooling strip technology used in Max Fresh by providing whitening strips for a superior whitening toothpaste. As is Max Fresh, this will be priced at a premium to the base business.  In shower gels, we will be launching a line extension in the Palmolive Pure Cashmere range, Intense Nourishment. This is also premium priced as it delivers increased benefits and should help to continue the positive trend in our market share in shower gels across this division, up year-over-year to 12.6% on a full year basis.  Mouth rinse is another category where we have been placing renewed focus. We are growing our share in 13 subsidiaries with particular success in the UK and Australia. In the UK, our market share increased year-over-year by a point to 14.3% with the latest read at 17.7%. And in Australia our market share is up two points for the year to 15.5. Both Plax Whitening and Plax Overnight mouthwash have done well.  Our Gaba business is also doing well and on both the sales and profit faces has exceeded every year the commitments with made to the board when we acquired Gaba in 2004. Looking ahead, volume in Europe is expected to increase mid single-digit for the first quarter and full year, and operating profit is expected to increase several digits for the first quarter and full year.  Turning then to Latin America, our business in Latin America continues to be very solid. The strong volume growth of 6.5% was driven by most countries in the region. In particular Brazil and Venezuela saw strong gains while Mexico showed modest growth. Excluding Mexico, volume increased several digits. The slower volume in Mexico, where volume grew 9.5% in the year-ago period, was primarily due to two factors. A fourth quarter change in the Mexican tax law resulted in a one-time reduction in retailer inventory levels and in addition, two of our top five customers merged in the quarter, resulting in a one-time inventory consolidation. Market shares in Mexico are very healthy with increases in every single category except liquid cleaners.  And as referenced in the press release, toothpaste and toothbrush shares across the region, increased to record levels; other categories are doing well as well. Our mouthwash sales increased triple digit in almost every country in Latin America. We achieved market leadership in Argentina and became the volume leader in Brazil with a record dollar share of almost 30% in the latest reads. In bar soap, Palmolive has now become the number one brand in Mexico with a 28% share year-to-date and a 29.2% share in the latest period.  For the region, weve retained market leadership for the last two periods and almost every subsidiary reached record share levels on the year-to date basis. In dish liquid, Colgate retained a 50% share, solidifying its already strong number one position. Axion Tris Coloro, launched across the region in 2007, has contributed to positive results, bringing incremental share in every country in which it was launched.  So, terrific momentum in this business continues. Looking ahead, volume in Latin America is expected to increase high single digit in the first quarter and full year. Operating profit is expecting to increase several digits in the first quarter and full year.  Greater Asia Africa; volume in Greater Asia Africa increased 6.5% with particularly strong growth in Asian markets. Market shares are healthy across the region. In India, our leadership shares increased in both toothpaste and toothbrushes to 48.4% and 34.8% respectively. In Russia we continue to gain toothpaste market share, our share is up to 33.1%, up three points from a year ago.  Other categories gaining share in Russia are toothbrushes, bar soaps, and shower gels. Our business in greater China continues to grow double-digits, helped by three consecutive product launches. Our market share in toothpaste is up to over 31% and our toothbrush share is up over a point and a half at just over 35%. Our focus in this vast region has been on continuous innovation, distribution effectiveness, particularly in the indirect trade, and expansion into smaller cities accompanied by competitive media and in-store activities. This is clearly working and we are achieving growth in profits as well as sales.  The initial phases of Colgate Business Planning have been implemented across Asia and the return on investment tool kit is being used widely there. This has resulted in more effective trade spending and has also contributed to a strong gross margin increase and excellent operating profit growth. Looking ahead volume in Greater Asia Africa is expected to increase high single-digits for the quarter and full year, while operating profit is expected to increase double-digits for the first quarter and high single-digits for the full year.  Lastly, Hills; as you know we and all major competitors are taking price increases to offset increased agricultural commodity costs affecting the pet food industry. These industry-wide pricing actions resulted in an initial slowdown in the marketplace, which is reflected in Hills modest volume decline in the fourth quarter. But it not appears that the market is beginning to strengthen.  New products continue to play an important role at Hills. In the area of weight management we reformulated our Prescription Diet RD and WD K-9 and launched these products in the fourth quarter. Prescription RD, which is for weight loss, has been clinically proven to reduce body fat up to 22% in just two months; Id like some of that.  Our therapeutic food for dogs with arthritis, Prescription Diet JD K-9, is also doing well as a result of the continuation and enhancement of programs designed to gain recommendation from veterinary health care teams as well as to reach the pet owners themselves, who have dogs with mobility problems. So looking ahead, volume at Hills is expected to increase modestly in the first quarter and for the full year. Operating profit is expected to grow double-digits.  In summary then, we are extremely pleased with the way we finished the year 2007. Colgate people around the world all focus on our strategies and our priorities, thereby delivering consistent strong results. We expect this momentum to continue in 2008 and look forward to sharing our progress with you as we go throughout the year.  Thats the end of my prepared remarks. Steve. So now we can open it up to Q&A. And a reminder also to everybody as you did last quarter, wed like to limit initially to one question and then you can get back in the queue if you have a follow-up.  
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Well go first to Bill Pecoriello with Morgan Stanley.  
Bill Pecoriello  Morgan Stanley: Good morning, Ian youve stepped up the investment in innovation capability and modified the processes and it sounds like you have a good stream of new news coming. Are you more confident in the innovation pipeline and the return youre getting on that stepped up investment as these products are coming to market? And how are you measuring it? In terms of how incremental they are, what percentage of your growth is coming from the new products? Thanks.  
Ian Cook: I think as Bina said were pleased with all aspects of the strategic initiatives were deploying, from our focus on the consumers, the continued emphasis behind efficiency and productivity, growing our next generation of leaders and of course as you say, innovation, where we have increased our capability around the world.  As Ive said before weve never made apology for our innovation stream in the past, but clearly it is in our interest to try and increase the probability that we bring larger, more incremental products to the marketplace and indeed our three-year pipeline of innovation which is what we have our nine innovation centers around the world and our now three long term innovation centers. We have added one more. On top of the Oral Care and Pet Nutrition centers we have to have one now on skin cleansing, looking further out in time.  Youve heard from what Bina said that weve had a good flow of new products this year. And we have started off, this year being 2007, and we have started off 2008 with some good initiatives announced and already going to the marketplace.  And we measure, as you would expect Bill, any number of things, incrementality, the trial rates, the repeat rates we have for the products, and we follow those very closely as we try and continue, as we have been, to build our market shares with the marketing investments and the new products. So yes were pleased.  
Operator: Well go next with Christopher Ferrara with Merrill Lynch 
Christopher Ferrara  Merrill Lynch: Good morning guys. I just wanted to ask about the US margin. I mean, I know youve been pacing up pretty strongly, a couple of hundred basis points in Q2, and 300 in Q3. But the 600 basis point improvement, I guess you said its a lot gross margin. But can give us some color around that, and even what ad spend might have been in the quarter in North America just to kind of size it and try to get a sense of how sustainable that might be. 
Ian Cook: Well, lets turn to that question Chris. Yes, the real driver in North America has been the sequentially strong gross profit improvement we have seen in the third, and now the fourth, quarters of this year, between 300 and 400 basis points improvement. And that all traces to the changes we have made in our global supply chain, other restructuring, and funding the growth activities which has delivered that boost to the gross profit.    We had talked about sharpening our promotional focus in the fourth quarter of this year behind our tooth paste business with the benefits of Colgate Business Planning. And thats been very effective. We have seen our market share grow. We have been very encouraged by the top-line growth of the US business, and if I look forward, the advertising increase in our US business, which was up double-digits for the year this year, will continue at that pace next year, and continue to take the A to S ratio to sales up yet again, and the gross profit expansion will continue to be strong, not in that 300 to 400 basis points range, but in the 150 to 250 range for 2008. 
Operator: Well go next to Amy Chasen with Goldman Sachs. 
Amy Low Chasen : Hi. I just wondered, sort of, philosophically on pricing. It looks like, and I understood the comments you said on Latin America with volume being tempered by the things that happened in Mexico, but if you look at both Latin America and Hills, both of those regions had weaker than expected volume, at least relative to my expectations. And the pricing was much higher than I had expected in both of those regions. So it looks like youre kind of philosophically willing to take the volume hit to get the pricing when necessary. Can you just comment on that and whether you see more of that to come in 2008?  
Goldman Sachs: Hi. I just wondered, sort of, philosophically on pricing. It looks like, and I understood the comments you said on Latin America with volume being tempered by the things that happened in Mexico, but if you look at both Latin America and Hills, both of those regions had weaker than expected volume, at least relative to my expectations. And the pricing was much higher than I had expected in both of those regions. So it looks like youre kind of philosophically willing to take the volume hit to get the pricing when necessary. Can you just comment on that and whether you see more of that to come in 2008?  
Ian Cook: I think, Amy, I would delineate between Mexico and Hills. And lets take them in turn.  Mexico, which was the effect in Latin America as Bina said, truly was a couple of one-time events. There was a change in tax law, which resulted in reduced inventory purchases by major customers because they were no longer tax deductible. And secondly, two of the top five customers in Mexico consolidated. That was Gigante and Soriana. And of course, as is usual when you have those consolidations, there was like likewise an inventory reduction. So the modest growth we saw in Mexico traced precisely to those two things and that was the depressing factor on Latin America. In fact, if I were to turn to this month in 2008, we have seen, and continue to see, strong double-digit growth in both Latin America as a division and Mexico as a subsidiary. So Mexico very much goes to event.  Hills, is a slightly different story and strategy. Hills, as you know, has been faced with high agro-based commodity cost increases, which have put pressure on the gross profit line. And we took the decision, along with others in the pet nutrition industry, to take pricing to offset that at an elevated 7% level, and as is customary, the market slowed down after that happened. But as we track both the channels and our business, we saw channel growth coming back before the end of the year. And rather like Latin America and Mexico, our Hills business is off to a strong double-digit start in sales growth this year.  So we approach pricing not in a cavalier fashion, not as a blunt instrument. We monitor very closely competitive activity. We monitor very closely consumer activity in the marketplace. And I think that what you will see going forward is intelligent application of pricing at the right time while maintaining the top-line growth that we have talked about before in that 5% - 8% volume range. So it is pricing to offset cost but not to slow volume. 
Operator: Well go next to Filippe Goossens with Credit Suisse 
Filippe Goossens: Yes, good morning, I hope you will permit me to ask a two-part question. They are related. I promise. Ian, good morning. Within the context of companies focusing more on the sustainability trend, can you comment on whether you see any significant opportunities with the Amazon sub-brand that you have in Brazil as a way to reposition the Palmolive brand to whats a younger customer and perhaps also somewhat higher price points?  And then my kind of related question is you are test-marketing a number of SPUs on the skin-care side in Mexico. If skin-care were indeed to kind of become the fifth leg to the Colgate share, would your preference still be to do that organically versus looking outside? Thank you. 
 Credit Suisse: Yes, good morning, I hope you will permit me to ask a two-part question. They are related. I promise. Ian, good morning. Within the context of companies focusing more on the sustainability trend, can you comment on whether you see any significant opportunities with the Amazon sub-brand that you have in Brazil as a way to reposition the Palmolive brand to whats a younger customer and perhaps also somewhat higher price points?  And then my kind of related question is you are test-marketing a number of SPUs on the skin-care side in Mexico. If skin-care were indeed to kind of become the fifth leg to the Colgate share, would your preference still be to do that organically versus looking outside? Thank you. 
Ian Cook: Thank you, Filippe. I will take that as a two-part question but not promise to answer both parts. Relative to Amazonia, were very excited about that as an opportunity to expand our Palmolive franchise. As you say, originated in Brazil, traces to the concept of naturalness, .and we have indeed tested it beyond Brazil, are taking it already to Central Europe, where the consumer responded very positively, and where we see the opportunity to expand further, we will clearly take advantage of that opportunity. So absolutely, yes.  Relative to other skin care offerings we have in test markets around the world I assume primarily you would be referring to the skin-lotions and creams we have in test in Mexico, which today sit at about a 6% to 7% market share. We have ambition to take that to a 10% market share as we exit 2008, a benchmark to consider further expansion. And if we realize that benchmark I think you will see us expand that business elsewhere.  Relative to acquisition in general, I can only reiterate our general strategy. We are always interested in opportunities to strengthen our strategic position in categories and would actively pursue opportunities that presented themselves to do that, so long as the price met the valuation we thought we could deliver. But we dont see a need to have to reach for acquisition, either to expand the segments in which we do business, or maintain the rate of growth that we have. So, an opportunity, but not a necessity. 
Operator: Well go next to Nick Modi with UBS. 
Nick Modi - UBS: Good morning everyone. Just a quick question, Ian, theres been a lot of debate out there about the health of the global consumer, particularly in the emerging markets given whats happening here in the US. And most companies have come out and said that things are pretty fine. But, I guess, Ian, the question I would have for you in Latin America specifically, are you seeing any early evidence of any type of softening? And if you could just give us your perspective on that at a very high level.  
Ian Cook: Its difficult for me to get anything at a high-level. The answer is no. We are not seeing anything that would indicate a slow-down. Obviously, we stay very, very close to that. Interestingly, if you take a big step back and look at the last three or four recessions around the world, starting with the mid 80's, we have delivered strong double-digit EPS growth through those times while maintaining good top-line growth of our business. But it you come more sharply in now to 2007 and 2008, again, as I said to Amy, the Latin American volume in the fourth quarter relates directly to that one-time combination of events in Mexico with no underlying indication of any consumer trade-down or slow-down.  In fact, weve stayed very close to that of course in the developed markets as well, and here in the United States, continue to see on an all-outlet basis, consistently through each of the quarters of 2007, an underlying growth rate in aggregate in the categories we do business, between 3% and 4%, and in Europe between 2.5% and 3.5%. And we see private label in our Personal Care businesses flat to down. And so, so far, we are seeing no indication of a slow-down.  It is fairly normal in our kinds of Personal Care businesses in the emerging markets that once consumers enter our categories and bring them into their homes, and get used to using them, that we dont see them trading out when economies slow down. And of course in those emerging markets, we offer different packaging forms with different pricing points to make sure the consumer always has access to our business. But the headline answer, to come back to your original Latin American question is no, no early indication.   
Operator: And well take our next question from Alec Debarge with Sanford Bernstein 
Alec Debarge: I have a quick question just to continue on the Latin America theme. Particularly on margins, this is the only quarter this year that has actually been up year-on-year. For the year its pretty much looking like its on par. I guess thats a surprise to me given CBP being put in place, given pricing, trading-up, obviously the bleach divestiture. Are you seeing that? I know on your last call you said that you have to spend a little bit more back, or youre planning to spend a little bit more back. Are you saying that you have to spend that much more back to get to the gross levels that you want in Latin America? 
 Sanford Bernstein: I have a quick question just to continue on the Latin America theme. Particularly on margins, this is the only quarter this year that has actually been up year-on-year. For the year its pretty much looking like its on par. I guess thats a surprise to me given CBP being put in place, given pricing, trading-up, obviously the bleach divestiture. Are you seeing that? I know on your last call you said that you have to spend a little bit more back, or youre planning to spend a little bit more back. Are you saying that you have to spend that much more back to get to the gross levels that you want in Latin America? 
Ian Cook: I think as Ive answered before, Alley, we have chosen to spend back. We have chosen to spend back to increase penetration, and grow our market share and put premium value product opportunities in front of the consumer. So its not a need. Its a choice. 
Operator: We'll go next to Wendy Nicholson with City Investment Research.  
Wendy Nicholson: Hi. I actually had a question about the buy-back that you announced this morning. It sort of struck me as being just a very big number, and maybe more aggressive in language and in timing than Ive seen from you guys in a long time. And particularly since I dont think you bought back stock in the fourth quarter, maybe reflecting the move the stock had had. Im trying to interpret, is this a commitment to buy 30 million shares over the next two years? Because thats a big number. And Im wondering what that reflects, just more of an emphasis on buy-backs as opposed to acquisitions and dividend increases or what was the thought process there?  
 City Investment Research: Hi. I actually had a question about the buy-back that you announced this morning. It sort of struck me as being just a very big number, and maybe more aggressive in language and in timing than Ive seen from you guys in a long time. And particularly since I dont think you bought back stock in the fourth quarter, maybe reflecting the move the stock had had. Im trying to interpret, is this a commitment to buy 30 million shares over the next two years? Because thats a big number. And Im wondering what that reflects, just more of an emphasis on buy-backs as opposed to acquisitions and dividend increases or what was the thought process there?  
Ian Cook: Well, let me say, first of all Wendy, No. No change in strategy, approach or thinking, and no drama, certainly no drama in the way you posed the question to the two year planned 30 million share buy-back. You may recall that we had a share authorization in March of 2006 to buy 30 million shares over a two year period and that is going to be used up by the end of February this year, number one. Number two, we did not start buying shares in the fourth quarter of last year and indeed our gross acquisition of shares was approaching 4.5 million shares, $344 million in the fourth quarter. So what this authorization allows us to do over the coming two years is to buy back the same number of shares that we bought over the last two years and that is all that it is. 
Operator: Well go next to Alice Lumley with Buckingham Research. 
Alice Lumley  Buckingham Research: I have a question on Hills PetSmart guided down sharply for the fourth quarter setting for consumer traffic and for pets. Could you give us the growth rate of dog food in specialty channels in that period? Obviously youre gaining share and doing fine.  
Ian Cook: One more second, let me reach here for the folder. As I had said if you take the total specialty channel of which PetSmart is part, what we are looking at here in terms of year-end value growth in that category of between 5 and 8% in aggregate. That is in all specialty channels. Pet, vet, and thats what were seeing and youre right in saying that our market shares have likewise been growing and again as I said earlier, our Hills business is up double digits so far this year and that is reflected in the United States as well.  
Operator: Well go next to Bill Chappell with Suntrust Robinson. 
Unidentified Analyst  Suntrust Robinson: Good morning, this is actually (Mark) in for Bill. If you could just give us an update on your commodity assumptions for 2008 with oil hovering around $90 and then pricing to offset that, whether the majority of thats list or if thats just innovation?  
Humphrey: Good morning, this is actually (Mark) in for Bill. If you could just give us an update on your commodity assumptions for 2008 with oil hovering around $90 and then pricing to offset that, whether the majority of thats list or if thats just innovation?  
Ian Cook: Sure, Mark. Let me just get the file here. Okay, lets turn to input costs and our response to that. We, as we had said on the last call, went through our budgeting process with oil running at that time average 2008, at about $75 and thats across all of our businesses, an increase of input costs of around 5  6%. Obviously seeing what everybody else has seen, as we came out of our budget process we have been back around the world and have our divisions redeploying activity behind the $90 assumption which would see those input costs increase by about 8%.  Now, a few things to say in terms of how one responds to that oil, and the cost impact of that oil. First and foremost, these impacts are not directly linear, so as we see oil increase, short term increases do not  on our business  result in immediate on-cost, because about a third of our materials are directly oil related a third are partly oil related and a third have little correlation to oil.  But how we have approached it and how we continue to approach it, I guess can be best exampled by breaking down for you the fourth quarter of this years gross profit. So if I were to go back to the gross profit in the fourth quarter of 2006 at 56.6%, the material price negative on that gross profit is 230 basis points. Pricing for us offset that by about 40% so 0.9 positive for pricing and then the rest was our long-standing Funding the Growth savings which added 150 basis points positively. So, those are all the efficiency and productivity programs that we have been focusing on in the company for a long time. And then there was a 60 basis points benefit from restructuring and about another 20 from mix etcetera, which gets you from the 56.6 to the 57.5 and the 90 basis points increase.  So our approach to it is on many levels. Number one, yes, pricing in terms of list price increase, two, efficiency that we get from our Colgate Business Planning tool in terms of our trade spending. The traditional Funding the Growth savings programs that we have year-in year-out. The benefit from restructuring, and the mix of our business moving to higher margin categories, and within those categories, higher margin offerings to the consumer. And it is all of those that we will be deploying to off-set the assumed $90 barrel of oil.  
Operator: Well go next to Justin Hott with Bear Stearns.  
Justin Hott  Bear Stearns: Alright, Thanks. Can you give us a little, maybe a little more detail on Colgate Business Planning and some of the results you expect to see in 2008 and I think you mentioned Asia, as where it was either fully or almost fully rolled out, can you talk about where it is around the world?  
Ian Cook: If I can find the file I would be glad to do that. Thankfully I found it. Yeah, as you say Justin, Colgate Business Planning continues to be a very important part of our growth strategy and our productivity strategy going forward. And we are expanding it around the world. At the end of 2006, we had it in about 12-15% of our global sales by subsidiaries. By the end of this year were approaching 60% of our global sales and we expect to have Colgate Business Planning deployed in subsidiaries that account for 70% of our global sales by the end of 2008.  Now from a savings point of view we got about $7  10 million of saving in 2006. This past year, pre-tax, we have savings in the order of magnitude $70 million. And as I have said before, we have an expectation to deliver $100 million in saving from Colgate Business Planning in 2008. So yes geographic expansion, increased savings and as Ive said before what we like about Colgate Business Planning it is something that you get better at over time. So we think the benefits here will accrue well beyond 2008.  
Operator: Well go next to Connie Maneaty, BMO Capital.  
Connie Maneaty  BMO Capital Markets: Hi, Good morning. I still have some questions on Latin America and especially Mexico. Oftentimes when retailers combine the inventory adjustment isnt limited to one quarter as you suggested it was in Mexicos fourth quarter. So, whats different about the combination of these two retailers that gives you confidence that it is, especially since in the first quarter right now youre going up against very tough comp to last years 14% unit growth in Latin America? Thanks, 
Ian Cook: Thanks Connie. As I said the impacts in the fourth quarter were two. One was that income tax law change, and so clearly that was a one-time in the quarter event. The confidence on the Gigante - Soriana traces to our local management of that, down there and how they have worked with those customers through their adjustments in inventory.  But putting that to one side, to your point of our comparisons, our first quarter value in Mexico and Latin America, but specifically Mexico, is up so far strong double-digits. So were seeing it play out as we had expected it would.  
Operator: Well go next to Lauren Lieberman with Lehman Brothers.  
Lauren Lieberman  Lehman Brothers: Thanks, good morning. I sense at least in the prepared remarks that there were many more mentions of premium priced launches of new products. And I think generally, I understand that thats a goal. But is one, is that something thats a little bit different maybe and is part of the results of what youve seen from Colgate Business Planning in terms of what appetite there is in the market for premium price innovations from Colgate? Thats the first part.  And then secondly, pricing overall the quarter was about double what I had expected. Would you say that the balance was - were there more list price increases outside of North American that maybe we dont know about it or is most of it really Colgate Business Planning related? Thanks.  
Ian Cook: Thanks Lauren. Let me just get the file here. To your first question which is this notion of premium products, I guess my response to that would be, that doesnt really come from Colgate Business Planning, thats more to do with providing value to consumers that consumers have the appetite to pay for, because they are getting a benefit, a quality, that they seek. And so its really more to do with consumer insight than it has to do with Colgate Business Planning. And of course whilst we are trying to develop those value-added new products for consumers that does not mean in any way we are taking away the entry price point offerings we have in countries around the world. But its consumer insight driven rather than an efficiency or Colgate Business Planning driven.  And when you look at our pricing generally around the world, you see list price increases in all geographies to different levels. I had mentioned the Hills level, obviously given the commodity impacts, and in those geographies where we are most advanced with Colgate Business Planning you see Colgate Business Planning contributions to the overall average selling price change running at about 50% of the SPIs being taken. So its a joint contribution.  
Operator: Well go next to John Faucher with JP Morgan.  
John Faucher  JP Morgan: Yes, my question has already been answered, thank you.
Ian Cook: Thanks John.  
Operator: Well go next to Alec Patterson, RCM.  
Alec Patterson  RCM: Yes, Ian. I was curious, the non-advertising SG&A spending trends, youve been backing out the foreign exchange lift, its still running up a pretty healthy level. And I know you would probably say overhead as a percent of sales has been heading down and all that but as we try and separate out what youve been doing on building up the innovation, building up the feet on the street in the developing markets, all part of the spend back of the restructuring program. Is that what were seeing in this non-advertising SG&A? And how much further does it have to go?  
Ian Cook: Yeah, candidly Alec, youve in part answered your own question. That is exactly what youre seeing. I was going start and tell you that the world-wide overhead on a ratio basis is indeed down year-on-year, if you take out the logistics piece of it. But we are, and I think we said this when we announced the business building and restructuring program at the end of 2004, that we were focused on increasing our advertising spending behind our businesses but also our capabilities to more effectively compete on the ground. And that traces to new product groups, that traces to R&D, retailers, merchandisers, sales organizations in general, and I would say that by the end of 2008 our plan is to pretty much have that in place. 
Operator: Well go now to Jason Gere with Wachovia Capital  
Jason Gere  Wachovia Capital: Good morning. Actually, just one clarification question first. When you talked about CBP, the incremental in 08 is $100 million, is that correct?  
Ian Cook: Correct.  
Jason Gere  Wachovia Capital: Okay. And then, Im sorry I was a little late to the call, but in terms of some of other pricing outside of Hills, that has been announced for 2008 in the US market and whether or not you led that, or if everyone else has kind of followed along?  
Ian Cook: Well, if you dissect the businesses most impacted by oil-related commodity costs in our US portfolio of products, it tends to go to the house-hold product categories, and then of course youve got the tallow impact on bar soaps. So, we have taken pricing that ranges from 5  12%, announced accepted private label matching in our dish liquid businesses, on our fabric softeners, and on our bar soap. And we see in the market place that competitors have similarly moved and those prices will start to impact in the second quarter of this year.  
Operator: Well go next to Joe Altobello with Oppenheimer.  
Joseph Altobello  Oppenheimer & Co: Thanks, good morning. Just one quick question on the restructuring. This I believe is the last year of the original restructuring program you announced in December of 04. Youve already upsized it once, I was wondering if you could talk about any opportunities for incremental cost savings beyond 08 that could bleed into 09 and beyond?  
Ian Cook: Yeah, youre right, Joe. The restructuring that we announced at the end of 2004 is scheduled to end at the end of this year in terms of charges. We did a pretty thorough job in the first couple of years of that restructuring program to try and identify all of those opportunities that we thought could create value and be executed within the four year time frame we had announced. So the restructuring program as we have it today, which is to say, charges of 675 to 775 and savings of 300 to 350 after tax, remain as we had put them forward before, and there will be no continuation of the restructuring beyond the end of 2008 or establishment of a new restructuring. The restructuring charges end at the end of 2008 and so thats the answer.  
Operator: Well go next to Alec Debarge with Sanford Bernstein.  
Alec Debarge  Sanford Bernstein: Thanks. Just a follow up, if you could indulge me for a moment on my Latin American concerns, given its been such a big driver of your growth. If it is in fact a choice, not a requirement to spend back more on advertising in that region, why is this years organic sales growth lower than last years? And related to that, just as a point of interest, it's a conundrum I have, how much of your Latin American growth is actually coming from inflation in those countries, given that it costs 5 or 6%?
Ian Cook:   I think, Alec, we answered the Latin American question relative to Mexico. In other words, we saw a growth of 6.5% in Latin America. Without Mexico, just stripping Mexico out, that growth would have been 10% and the issue in Mexico traced entirely to the two one-time events that I mentioned with all of Latin America and the Mexican business growing double-digit this year. You know the volume growth we have had in Latin America over time, which has been consistent, and we are calling high single-digit for 2008. There is no trade down that we see in consumers in our businesses, and we continue to build penetration and market share. We think we are building on strong business fundamentals with the right strategies and the right in-market programs.  
Operator:   Well go next to Neal Gleason with The Boston Company. 
Neal Gleason  The Boston Company:   Yes, hi. I have a question about your ad spending. You talked about increasing that to about 12% of revenue. 
Ian Cook: Yeah. 
Neal Gleason  The Boston Company: Once we reach that level, what can we expect beyond that? 
Ian Cook: Well Neal, when we started our business building and restructuring program, we set this aspirational and to a certain extent calculated target, to get our advertising to a 12% level. We edged north of 11% in 2007, and I think were quite well poised to realize the 12% ambition we have established by the end of 2008. To be quite candid, as we always do, when we get to 2009, we will revisit what our business requirements are. We think 12% is a very healthy level, and we may maintain it, or depending on what our business needs and requirements are, you could see it shade up a little bit or even shade down a little bit. Right now we feel good about the 12%, and we will be there, we think, by the end of 2008. 
Operator:   Well go next to Filippe Goossens with Credit Suisse. 
Filippe Goossens  Credit Suisse:   Thank you very much, Ian, for taking my follow-up here. Going back to an earlier question from Lauren, as it relates to focus on premium products. One segment that we have not addressed this morning so far is the Home Care business. Could you just frame how you think about the Home Care business strategically, particularly given that its your slowest growing business, as well as the one that is most exposed, obviously, to commodity prices aside from the health segment. Thank you.  
Ian Cook: Yeah, thanks, Filippe. We like our Home Care business. We have some very, very strong leading market positions, particularly in Europe and Latin America, and we intend to continue to grow them. I think it is not a secret. We have been saying for many, many years that the growth potential  the gross profit potential  in the Oral and Personal Care businesses is, on a priority basis, more attractive than the underlying industry potential in Home Care. But if we look at 2007 for the full year, while its behind our Oral Care growth of 17% and behind our Personal Care growth of 12%, and behind our Pet Nutrition growth of 12%, Home Care came in at a very respectable 7% growth rate and it was double-digit in those two geographies where I mentioned we had leadership positions. And the ability to deliver a value that consumers are prepared to pay for exists, we have the technology to deliver it, and we have strong franchises in Home Care. So we continue to like the business, its role in the company, and were quite pleased with the growth rates were getting.
Operator:   Well go next to Chris Ferrara with Merrill Lynch.
Christopher Ferrara  Merrill Lynch:   Hi guys. I just wanted to ask about CapEx. Obviously in the last couple of years of the restructuring your CapEx has run significantly ahead of your depreciation levels. I just want to get a sense for when you think that comes back down, and I guess what your outlook longer term would be for CapEx and D&A and the relationship between the two. Thanks.  
Ian Cook: Youre right, of course, Chris. We have seen our CapEx consciously increase as we have established some of the state-of-the-art facilities in Poland, in the United States, and in Asia. But I think what you will see starting in 2009, and certainly by 2010, is that our capital expenditure will move back from the 4 plus to sales levels that we have today into our more normal 3 to 3.5% range. Thats the plan.  
Operator:   Well take our final question from Connie Maneaty of BMO Capital. 
Connie Maneaty  BMO Capital Markets:   Hi. Could you just give us a progress report on the once-a-week toothpaste in its test markets, and what the likelihood of expansion is to other markets in 2008?  
Ian Cook: It is still doing we believe quite well in the UK and Australia. I think I have said before that we are anxious to temper expectation here because although we like the characteristics of this, in other words its not a new learned behavior, its simply a new usage occasion, we really want to wait and get a substantive repeat level on the business, and were not going to have that until towards the middle of this year. So I would imagine on the next call or maybe the one after that, Connie, wed have something more substantive to report.  
Operator:   Having no further questions, this will conclude todays conference. We do thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-30 11:56:00) =====
Executives:  Ian Cook  President, CEO Steve Patrick - CFO Dennis Hickey - Corporate Controller Ed Filusch - Treasurer Bina Thompson -IR 
Analysts:  Connie Maneaty - BMO Capital Markets Ali Dibadj - SanfordBernstein Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Bill Chapell - SunTrust Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers Wendy Nicholson - Citi Justin Hott - Bear Stearns Alex Patterson  RCM John Faucher - JPMorgan Amy Chasen - Goldman Sachs Chris Ferrara - Merrill Lynch Linda Bolton Weiser - Oppenheimer  Alice Longley - Buckingham Research 
Operator: Welcome to todays Colgate-Palmolive Company third quarter2007 earnings conference call. Todayscall is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgate.com. Just as a reminder, there may be a slightdelay before the question-and-answer session begins due to the websimulcast.  At this time for opening remarks I would like to turn thecall over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson. Please go ahead.
Bina Thompson: Good morning, everybody. Before I get started with my remarks I think you all know one of ourcore values is continuous improvement at Colgate. We are trying to make our call moreefficient. So today we are going tolimit questions to one question per person and if you have a follow-up, we willask you to get back into the queue. Whenwe say one question, we dont mean multi-part questions. We mean one question.  Good morning and welcome to our third quarter earningsrelease conference call. With me thismorning are Ian Cook, president and CEO; Steve Patrick, CFO; DennisHickey, Corporate Controller; and Ed Filusch, Treasurer.  We will discuss the results of the third quarter thismorning excluding charges relating to the 2004 restructuring program, $36.3million after-tax, and a $10 million non-cash after-tax pension charge underSFAS 88 as a result of lump sum payments of normal retirement benefitsassociated with a non-qualified retirement plan in the U.S.The reported GAAP results reconciliations to the results excluding therestructuring and pension charges are included in the press release and accompanyingfinancial statements, and are posted on the investor relations page of our website at www.colgate.com. Comments about expectations will also exclude restructuringcharges and during the Q&A we will answer any questions including orexcluding these items as you may wish.  We are very pleased that the momentum of our first half hascontinued into the second half. Ourrestructuring and business building programs are on track, volume and salesgrowth have continued to be strong cross our divisions. Our ongoing Funding the Growth program aswell has contributed to a good growth profit increase along with a decrease inour fixed expenses. This has allowed usto continue to support our business with a double-digit advertising increase inevery region while growing the bottom line double-digit as well, as per ourplan.  As you know, our gross margin increased 80 basis pointswhich is within our target range, even after absorbing 40 basis points relatedto very steep increases in agricultural commodities costs by our Hillsbusiness.  The worldwide implementation of our Colgate businessplanning and the savings to be generated from that gives us further confidencegross margin will increase in our target range of 75 to 125 basis points forthe remainder of this year as well as for 2008.  We told you on the last conference call that our advertisingincreases in the second half would be somewhat below those of the firsthalf. Thats just what hashappened. Advertising increased ahealthy 12% versus over 20% for the first half to support our many new productlaunches around the world, as well as our base business, resulting in very goodmarket share increases in every division.  Our balance sheet is strong as well, which gives us comfortin the current uncertain credit environment. Our cash generation continues to be solid, allowing us to continue ourshare repurchase program on a consistent basis. Our return on capital is at 34.3%, up from 27.6% in the year-agoperiod. As in previous quarters, ourvolume growth is greater in our higher margin categories which have a higherstrategic priority. While worldwide ourvolume in the quarter grew 6.5%, oral care volume grew over 11%.  So lets turn to the divisions. Our big business in North Americaremains solid and as referenced in the press release, we achieved record sharethis quarter in a number of categories. The substantial benefits from the restructuring we are beginning to seehere in North America have resulted in a gross profit increase significantlyabove the company average which allowed us to both increase advertising anddeliver very strong operating profit growth.  We have said on our previous conference call that we wouldincrease our spending behind our toothpaste franchise and that has in fact happened.Our most recent all-outlet monthly share as tracked by A.C. Nielson was at37.4%, up 1.2 points from a year ago period and up over 3 points from the priormonth. The latest advertising featuring BrookeShields is just now coming on air, Day in the Life, with a message that ColgateTotal fights germs for 12 hours day and night. Consistent with our integrating marketing approach, this theme will alsofeature in print, internet and in-store advertising.  Our manual toothbrush business exhibiting very good momentumwith an overall year-to-date share and a new record. The Colgate 360 Degree toothbrush alone nowhas a 7.7% market share, benefiting from the incremental share provided byColgate 360 Sensitive. But notably ourtoothbrush franchise extends beyond Colgate 360 with baseline growth forColgate adult toothbrushes across all price tiers. Our manual toothbrush strength isparticularly noteworthy this quarter given the launch of a number of competitivenew products and we will be launching some exciting new products in thiscategory in the beginning of 2008 to build on the existing momentum.  New product activity across all our categories is expectedto result in continued solid results in North America. For the fourth quarter, we expect volumegrowth around third quarter levels, with operating profit in increasingdouble-digit, up absolutely as a percent of sales. Looking into 2008, we expect volume in thisdivision to grow mid single-digit accompanied by solid operating profitgrowth.  Europe/South Pacific. Europes solid mid single-digit volume growth wasaided by a high consumer confidence level in Western Europeand strong economies in Central Europe. GDP growth for next year is expected to beroughly at current levels which bodes well for continued strong results. Our regional market shares are upyear-over-year in toothpaste, manual toothbrushes, mouth rinse, liquid bodycleansing and hand soap. Our toothpaste businessacross the region is doing well. In France,where the overall market is virtually flat our sales increased double-digitsand our market share increased a full point year-over-year. Colgate Max Fresh has helped these goodresults.  Through our shopper insight work we learned that many youngmen at Francestill live at home and that their mothers frequently do their shopping forthem. As a result, the subsidiaryconducted a very strong marketing campaign not only towards the targeted useryoung males, but also their mothers. InGermany Max Fresh contributed to an almost 3% increase in our toothpaste share. In the U.K.the launch of our new Colgate Total Weekly Clean continues to perform well. Theirmarket share has been largely incremental and trial rates have been verygood.  Looking ahead, volume in Europe/South Pacific is expected tobe up mid single-digit both for the fourth quarter and full year 2008. Operatingprofit is expected to be up mid to high single-digit for the fourth quarter aswell as 2008.  Turning then to Latin America. Business across this region continues to bevery robust. We are seeing excellentmarket share gains in virtually all categories. Macro economic climate in those countries is also positive, furtheradding to the strong momentum. Our strategy to trade the consumer up tohigher-priced value-added products is meeting with great success. A good example is Colgate total which nowrepresents 20% of our regional toothpaste business.  We also have been renewing our efforts behind our mouthwash businessresulting in exceptional growth. Brazilhas been the lead market on this initiative with the launch of Plax AlcoholFree and Plax Ice earlier in the year. The most recent share is almost 30% and at a record level. We expect to see similar results through theentire region as these variants are rolled out.  In Mexico,our largest subsidiary, our toothpaste share has risen to 84% in latest period.Total Professional Clean was launched in this market and now has over a 3share, more than half of which is incremental. In the shampoo category, we introduced a line extension of PalmoliveCaprice along with a new bottle and better aesthetics which has resulted in ourtaking brand leadership. In bar soaps,Palmolive has now become the number one soap brand.  In fabric conditioner, our market share is up 2.5 points versusa year ago period. Solid performanceacross all our Suavitel lines, new line extensions and a strong the commercialplan in both the direct and indirect trade have contributed to these results.  So prospects for this region continue to be strong. We expect volume growth for the remainder of thisyear and next to continue in the high single-digit range. Operating profit for the fourth quarter ofthis year and full year 2008 should increase double-digits.  Greater Asia/Africa/ As elsewhere, new products supported byfocused advertising contributed to the strong results in this region and asreferenced in the press release our toothpaste share was up 11 of 14 countriesand is up 100 basis points year-over-year to almost 40%. In toothbrushes our share increased in 11 of12 markets up 240 basis points from the year-ago period to over 36%. The strong share growth in toothbrushes wasmainly driven by the excellent on the ground execution of other 360 Degreetoothbrush anniversary campaign as well as the growth of the basebusiness.  Volume in Greater China increased double-digit continuingthe good momentum we have witnessed throughout this year. Our market share is up year over year at over31%. A recent launch of Max Whitetoothpaste is doing well, and in addition we are now just shipping ColgateHerbal Gel, the first major gel launch in a lower-priced segment, and thisshould bode well for future share gains.  In Russia,our market shares are up in five of eight categories. In toothpaste our share is up almost 4 pointsto over 33% driven by both base business and new products such as Max White andHerbal Tea [inaudible]. Our toothbrush share is up over 2 points to over 35%.  In India,which also continues to exhibit solid volume growth our shares are up in bothtoothpaste and toothbrushes, with 48.2% and 34.6% respectively. Looking ahead. volume in Greater Asia/Africa is expected toincrease at current levels for both the fourth quarter and full year 2008. Operatingprofit is expected to increase double-digits both for the fourth quarter andfull year 2008.  Hills, both our domestic and international businesses atHills had a good solid mid single-digit volume growth in the quarter. New products both in the Wellness and Therapeuticsegments have contributed to the solid growth. This, of course, has helped us increase market share. Year to date, our share is up 20 basispoints, and is even higher in the recent monthly readings almost up a fullpoint year over year.  In August, in response to strong customer and consumerdemand we introduced a new line of hypoallergenic treats to complement ourexisting prescription diet products which are designed to combat adverse foodreaction in pets. As a result, that lineof products increased volume double-digits, further helped by focused programsto gain distribution among clinics as well as trial among pet owners.  Our international business is doing well as well and wecontinue to make further distribution gains in Russiawhere our volume is growing very strongly. So looking forward we expect volume at Hills to increase mid single-digitfor the fourth quarter and full year 2008. Operating profit is expected to increase mid single-digit for the fourthquarter and double-digit next year.  So in summary, we are very pleased with the continued strongresults across our divisions. Our fourstrategic initiatives with which you are all familiar -- getting close to theconsumer, customer and professions; effective and efficiency in everything wedo; innovation everywhere; and a focus on building strong leadership -- are allworking well. We feel confident we havethe people and programs in place to continue to deliver solid double-digit earningsgrowth for the balance of this year as well as in 2008.  Sheila, thats the end of my prepared remarks. We can now open it up to questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from Connie Maneaty - BMO CapitalMarkets. 
Connie Maneaty - BMOCapital Markets : Given that you know what your shipments to Wal-Mart andCostco are, can you give us an indication of what your market share in toothpastein the U.S.would be on an all-outlet basis as opposed to just what we can see from Nielson?
Ian Cook: Our market share on an all-outlet basis would be up similarto the Nielson share; would be slightly lower than that share but stillup. I think talking to the U.S.business in general, let me make a few remarks. We are really quite pleased with our performance in the U.S.this year. We have a business thats upjust over 5% on a volume basis on top of a strong 7% last year. As I said on the last call, we are verypleased with our innovation stream on toothpaste with the Colgate TotalAdvanced Clean having one of the highest repeat rates we have ever seen. We are beginning to build trial on that withthe advertising and marketing programs that Bina mentioned, and seeing it inthe Nielson and the all-outlet share. And of course, we have adjusted ourpromotional activity which is just now beginning to impact themarketplace.  I think going forward, what is pleasing in the U.S.when you look at the categories in which we do business, particularlytoothpaste, we see growth rates very much in line with historical levels, noslow down. We see private label at thelowest level in many years, under half a percentage point. So we feel very confident about the futuregrowth of both our toothpaste business and our U.S.company.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ali Dibadj - SanfordBernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein :  To continue on the U.S.theme, I wanted to understand the interaction between the top line, again beinga little lower than we would expect; I think your guidance was flat, as far asI understand, on volume at least and then the increase in operatingmargins. What is the interplay there? Howwould you describe that going forward? In particular, you mentioned that you were just now seeingsome of the impact of increased promotions that you are putting intoplace. Did you see that towards the backend of the quarter? How you should wethink about that going forward?  So the interplay at the top line and company marginexpansion story here in North America.
Ian Cook: I think the answer to that, Ali, is gross profit. We have seen in our U.S. business, as Binasaid, a combination of restructuring benefits, our trading up strategy, theColgate business planner and our traditional Funding the Growth programs, agross profit expansion in the United States substantially ahead of the worldaverage. While for the year, ouradvertising will be up double-digit and on a ratio to sales basis, that stillallows for the expansion in operating margins that you are referring to.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Schmitz - DeutscheBank. 
Bill Schmitz -Deutsche Bank : Can you just give us an update on the restructuring savingsin the quarter and also the Colgate business planning savings? And also, what the outlook is for Colgatebusiness planning for the full year and next? 
Ian Cook: Let me remind you of the total program, Bill and then cometo your specific questions. Totalprogram now on an after-tax basis has the charges at 675 to 775 and the savingsat 300 to 350, which you will be very well aware of.  In terms of the restructuring savings, after-tax in thisquarter around $23 million; for the year we expect between $90 million and $95 millionthis year, and of course the balance about $100 million to $105 million in2008. Restructuring is on track. All of the major programs are well-managed,and the savings as Ive just outlined.  Colgate business planning, turning to that again, continuesto be very much on plan. As I said thelast time, we will have the full Colgate business planning solution supportedby the SAP software in about two-thirds of our companys sales by the end ofthis year. It will be in over 70% of thesales as we enter next year. We havedone many of these so-called deep dive analytic programs in ten of our majormarkets, accounting for 50% of our trade spending. This year you will recall, Bill, we said thatwe thought the savings from CBP would be around $50 million. It turns out the savings are coming in nearer$75 million than the $50 million. Youwill recall also that we said that we expected $100 million of savings fromColgate business planning in 2008. Weare still sticking with that, although perhaps a little bit more optimisticgiven the performance this year.
Operator: We will take our next question from Bill Chapell - SunTrust. 
Bill Chapell -SunTrust : Kind of simplistic question but in the past you said that everydollar change in oil is a penny to EPS. If I look at the $20 move over the past three months does the math notstill work that way? Is restructuringjust fully offsetting that? When you look at double-digit EPS growth next yearis it just lower double-digits versus higher double-digits?
Ian Cook: Let me go through the gross profit, if I can find it. Bill, if I take the third quarter, just to dothe traditional roll forward that we do just to put it in perspective,obviously last year the gross profit was 56.5%, now 57.3% this year, or up 80basis points. Essentially we faced aheadwind of about 2.1 percentage points of material prices, which was acombination of our traditional Funding the Growth savings, restructuring andthen the pricing mix benefit, which can trace to CBP offset that and more tothe tune of the 80 basis points difference.  So as we look going forward, we remain based on thebudgeting activity we have conducted thus far, we remain confident of the 75 to125 basis points expansion increase in our gross profit for next year.  On the average, we are looking at about $75 a barrel for oil. That will see our raw and packing materialcosts up between 5% and 6%, but with all of the programs we have inrestructuring, Funding the Growth and CBP we see ourselves offsetting that andstill being within the 75 to 125 basis points increase that we have talked to.So thats getting it right down to the planning level.  I think as we have evolved our discussion on oil, we havesaid that about one-third of our business is directly affected, about one-third;half and about one-third not really affected. So from a detailed modeling point of view we feel quite confident withthat projection next year. I would add one thing. That when we had previously talked of this,it was oil up by $2, is a penny of EPS.
Operator: Your next question comes from Lauren Lieberman - LehmanBrothers. 
Lauren Lieberman -Lehman Brothers :  I think I didnt really catch all that, actually. So as I understood it, you are budgeting oilat $75 right now for 08.
Ian Cook: On the average, yes.
Lauren Lieberman -Lehman Brothers : Can you go through the more specific components of grossmargin? Could you give us the big bucketof raw material costs being a minus two-tenths?
Ian Cook: Right.
Lauren Lieberman -Lehman Brothers : Usually we get a Funding the Growth bucket, a price promotionbucket and so on.
Ian Cook: Happy to give you that, Lauren. Start with the same 56.5 lastyear. From a material price, as you say,negative 2.1; Funding the Growth, positive 1.4; Restructuring, positive .6, and then pricing half a point; mix, etcetera,0.3.
Operator: We will take our next question from Wendy Nicholson -Citi. 
Wendy Nicholson -Citi : My question has to do with Latin Americaprofit margins. It seems like so many ofthe other regions are seeing huge margin increases but thats a region where wehave seen margins go down two quarters in a row. Im just wondering, is thatbecause that region is so incredibly profitable to begin with and there has notbeen that much restructuring there, we should sort of expect margins to flattenout, or is there something going on from a competitive standpoint that you areneeding to spend more in that region?
Ian Cook: Nothing from a competitive point of view, Wendy, that is outof the ordinary. I think as we discussedon the last call, we are seeing a very robust market growth dynamics and we areinvesting to grow this business. So theadvertising is up and part of that is related to the timing of activity behindwhich we are putting that advertising. Ithink from an operating margin point of view, we are going to see the operatingmargin back up again next year; at least thats our estimate.
Operator: We will take our next question from Justin Hott - BearStearns. 
Justin Hott - BearStearns : Ian, as you think about the categories you have done anamazing job the last couple of years in oral care, delivering great results andthe organization really sounds like it is hitting on all cylinders.  When you think about where you want to go, do you feel theorganization is better equipped now to expand into other categories, whether ornot you need that growth that you have built a better organization now with allthese initiatives? If you want to go,you would be stronger company for doing it and be better equipped to do it?
Ian Cook: I dont know what you mean by other categories, Justin. If you mean new categories?
Justin Hott - BearStearns : New categories.
Ian Cook: New categories to Colgate, the answer is we dont see a needfor that. We believe that if you look atthe oral care, personal care, pet nutrition and home care categories that wehave boundaries for ourselves. There are very good growth and profit expansionopportunities remaining. We continue, ona global basis, to take advantage of that going forward.  I continue to feel that the focus we have on being expertsat understanding the consumers, the professionals that recommend our productsand the customers that we sell to in those categories, being more expert byfocusing there, gives us an executional focus and advantage, which we canbenefit from for many years to come.
Operator: We will take our next question from Alex Patterson -RCM. 
Alex Patterson - RCM : Ian, I wanted to get a sense, the reinvestment spending youhave been doing into the operations structural stuff, you have talked about thedevelopments and then part of the original restructuring was the development ofsales and feet on the street in developing markets. Are we seeing a lot of that playing into howthe SG&A is coming out this year and, if so, how does that look going outinto 08 and 09?
Ian Cook: Well, if you look at the SG&A and break down the componentelements, obviously advertising is up. Overhead with logistics in is flat. Fixed cost with logistics out is actually down slightly on a ratiobasis. But that still does includeexactly as you say, more resources on the ground, particularly in thedeveloping markets.  Going forward, I think we would expect to see our percentageoverhead, excluding logistics down next year, as we get the full benefit of therestructuring. That still includes theinvestment in the incremental resources thatwe did indeed say we were going to do.
Operator: We will take our next question from John Faucher - JP Morgan. 
John Faucher - JP Morgan : Quick question, looking at your guidance for next year on aregional basis, it looks like emerging markets you expect another strong yeargoing out there. Is there anywhere whereyou would say over the last couple quarters you ever seen either marketaccelerating or decelerating in terms of markets we should keep an eye out forover the next 12 months. Thanks.
Ian Cook: I would say nothing of any significance, John. Perhaps mostof the press and media coverage these days is about, you know, the U.S.and whether or not there will be a slowdown and will that slowdown be arecession? Pleasingly, at least in thebusinesses that are important to us, we do not see from a consumer point ofview, a slowdown in the purchasing of our products, particularly in thepersonal and oral care categories; maybe a tad of slowdown in some of thehousehold product categories.  As I said earlier, perhaps most encouragingly, year on yearwe are seeing no increase in private labels. So no other countries around the world to call out neither particularlytroubling nor positive, and in the U.S.quite pleased with how our categories are performing.
Operator: We will take our next question from Amy Chasen - GoldmanSachs. 
Amy Chasen - GoldmanSachs : Im still not clear on why North American volume came in aslow as it did relative to your going in expectations? Was it a particular category, was it aparticular channel? Can you just kind offlush that out for us a little bit more?
Ian Cook: Yes, I think as we said, Amy, and I did answer this earlierwe have been pleased with our U.S.business over this year. 5.5% for thenine months. We expect that to continuenext year. We are beginning to see thebenefits of the new products we have launched and the increased consumerpromotion that we said we would put behind that business.  Our oral care business is up double-digit in the U.S.and importantly, the month of October is off to a very nice start in our United States business. So we feel good about that. If you focus on the number of the quarter,perhaps some channel effect as we began to put our promotional activity inplace; but confident about going forward.
Amy Chasen - GoldmanSachs : What do you mean by channel effects?
Ian Cook: The timing of getting promotionals executed in all thedifferent trade channels leaving some to grow more aggressively than others.
Amy Chasen - GoldmanSachs : When you say that your oral care business was updouble-digit, can you tell us what was down? What was the weaker category, because something was obviously muchweaker?
Ian Cook: The weaker category was home care which is exactly in linewith our strategic priorities, as you know. It is oral care, pet nutrition, personal care and home care.
Amy Chasen - GoldmanSachs : Which channels were weaker?
Ian Cook: I am not going to go into the specifics of each of thechannels, Amy.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Ferrara - Merrill Lynch.
Chris Ferrara -Merrill Lynch : A repeat question for every quarter, I guess. The fact that the overall advertising didntgo up as a percentage of sales this quarter I understand it was in line withwhat your expectations were, but does it give anymore insight how you view thatoverall 12% going forward?
Ian Cook: The 12% continues to be our target, Chris. As I said a little bit earlier on the call,we expect for this year our advertising to be up double-digit and north of 11%as a ratio to sales.  Our preliminary look at our 2008 budgeting stance, althoughnot final, shows continued double-digit it increase in our advertising andcontinued progress towards the 12% goal we have established for ourselves. So that continues to be very much our gameplan.
Operator: We will take our next question from Alice Longley -Buckingham Research.
Alice Longley -Buckingham Research : Is it reasonable to expect with the oil prices doing whatthey are doing, that Hills will be taking further pricing for next year?
Ian Cook: The Hills cost pressures of course stem from agriculturalcommittee cost increases which can indeed be the bio-fuel and therefore, atleast indirectly oil-related. You areexactly right, Alice, as you knowthis year we took pricing in the first quarter of the year around 4% on ourHills business and have announced for the fourth quarter of this year, furtherpricing to the tune of between 6% and 8%, depending on the line ofproducts. Thats here in the U.S.and of course we are doing that internationally as well; the intention ofcourse being to rebuild the Hills gross profit through the fourth quarter andinto next year.
Alice Longley -Buckingham Research : And you have heavy shipping costs for Hills as well. Right?
Ian Cook: Yes.
Alice Longley -Buckingham Research : Are there any other categories where you think you shouldtake pricing?
Ian Cook: We are reviewing that on a category-by-category basis. We have pricing factored into our preliminarybudget position between a percentage point and percentage and a half. And obviously where we see the need as youwork through each of the commodities and the raw material impacts, which oftentimesare lagged, as you know, Alice,where we need to we will take pricing.
Operator: Your next question comes from Linda Bolton Weiser -Oppenheimer. 
Linda Bolton Weiser -Oppenheimer : Could you talk a little bit about what you have done withthe Toms of Maine brand sinceyou acquired it? I believe the natural dentist might be a new entrant innatural toothpaste after being in natural mouth rinses; do you think thats athreat to the Toms of Mainebusiness? Could you talk a little about that.
Ian Cook: We are really pleased with the Toms business havingacquired it. A couple of comments to make. The business was up in the third quarter strong double-digits, I think reflecting the increased marketingsupport we have put behind the business and the distribution we are buildingwith the business.  The market share actually is continuing to trend upwardshistorically from a Nielson point of view running at around 1.4%, 1.5%, now upto 1.7% and growing. As I mentioned onthe call the last time, we had very clear expansion plans for this business inthe developed world starting with the UK,moving through Western Europe and obviously down toAustral-Asia.  So good expansion plans in place, and I think given thescale of opportunity in naturals, I dont see a particular new entry as athreat. I think there is room for Tomsto continue to grow quite healthily.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alex Patterson - RCM.
Alex Patterson - RCM : Any way you can put more illumination some of the newproduct pipeline? You have suggested it as being more robust than normal as weget into the beginning of 08?
Ian Cook: I would offer no illumination, Alex, other than to say wehave organized ourselves to continue what we have always believed is a healthyflow of relevant innovation. We havethat this year. I think you will see as next year unfolds,some interesting innovation come into the business that will be consumerrelevant and continue to build our top line and our market shares.
Alex Patterson - RCM : But in aggregate are you suggesting its more than we haveseen previously or about in line with what 07 showed?
Ian Cook: I would say it will be what it will be. Im not calling a sharp uptick. It will be what it will be.
Operator: Your next question comes from Lauren Lieberman - LehmanBrothers. 
Lauren Lieberman -Lehman Brothers : I was hoping you could also touch on operating marginexpansion in the Greater Asia/Africa business because that was the other realstandout in addition to North America and I would thinkthat the investment spending there would have been also going up prettysignificantly. So just major drivers ofmargin expansion in that business.
Ian Cook: The expansion traces largely to the gross profit again,Lauren. While we dont quote the specifics of the gross profit expansion, wehave in Asia seen a fairly meaningful increase in ourgross profit, which again like the U.S.,as you perhaps would expect given the operating margin expansion is ahead ofthe world, or ahead of the world average. That is at the same time as we have continued to increase ouradvertising support behind growing those businesses at a double-digit level.
Lauren Lieberman -Lehman Brothers : Is it a mixed shift thats happening within the businessthats the biggest driver of the gross margin there or is it restructuringsavings are disproportionately impacting that business?
Ian Cook: It is a combination of all the things I talk about,Lauren. It is the trading up strategythat Bina mentioned that works very successfully for us, the Total example in Latin America equally applies to Asia, so it ismix. It is trading up. It is Funding the Growth. It is Colgate business planning and itsrestructuring.
Operator: Your next question comes from Connie Maneaty - BMO CapitalMarkets. 
Connie Maneaty - BMOCapital Markets: I do have a follow-up question and it relates to what otherpeople have been asking about. Theregional development of profit margins, I mean, given that they were up sostrongly in North America and Asia/Africa this year does it make sense thatnext year because of the projects in place we would see that sort of jump inthe regions where there was not that kind of expansion this year?
Ian Cook: Connie, we have not tended to give forward guidance inoperating margins. I would say that wecontinue to feel very comfortable with the expansion in gross profit that Italked to between the 75 and 125 basis points. That would translate through the divisions in terms of the commercialpriorities and flow its way to the bottom line.
Operator: At this time we have no further questions. Iwould like to turn the conference back to Ms. Thompson for any additional orclosing remarks.
Bina Thompson: I will turn it to Ian for the closing remarks.
Ian Cook: Thank you very much for joining the call and your questionsand support. We look forward to comingback and continuing the dialogue as we close the year. Thank you.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-07-25 11:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Bina Thompson - Vice President, Investor Relations   Ian Cook - President and CEO   Steve Patrick - CFO   Dennis Hickey - Corporate Controller   Ed Filusch - Treasurer 
Analysts: Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein   Amy Chasen - Goldman Sachs   Bill Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey   Chris Ferrara - Merrill Lynch   Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup   Bill Pecoriello - Morgan Stanley   Linda Bolton Weiser - Oppenheimer   Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank   Justin Hott - Bear Stearns   Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers   Jason Gere - A.G. Edwards   Joe Altobello - CIBC World Markets   Alec Patterson - RCM   Nik Modi - UBS   Alice Longley - Buckingham 
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to the Colgate-Palmolive Company second quarter 2007 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgate.com. Just as a reminder, there may be a slight delay before the question-and-answer session begins due to the web simulcast.  At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson. Please go ahead. 
Bina Thompson :  Thank you, Dustin and good morning, everybody. Welcome to our second quarter earnings release conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, President and CEO; Steve Patrick, CFO; Dennis Hickey, Corporate Controller; and Ed Filusch, Treasurer.  We will discuss the results for the second quarter this morning, excluding charges related to the 2004 restructuring program. The reported GAAP results, with reconciliations to the results excluding restructuring charges, are included in the press release and the accompanying financial statements, and are posted on the investor relations page of our website at www.colgate.com. Comments about expectations will also exclude restructuring charges. During the Q&A we will answer any questions including or excluding these items as you may wish.  We're certainly pleased with our results for the second quarter. It is clear that our global strategy of winning on the ground is being successfully implemented. Our restructuring and business building program is on track. The savings generated from that program, combined with our ongoing Funding the Growth program, are allowing us to support our business with meaningful advertising increases in every region of the world.  In addition, we are beginning to see the benefits from our global implementation of Colgate Business Planning in the form of both volume and margin. As a result, in the quarter excellent momentum continued across all our businesses and throughout the P&L. Sales and volume were strong, our 100 basis point gross margin improvement funded a significant increase in advertising, and our earnings increased double-digits.  Looking at the balance sheet as well as the income statement, most financial ratios are moving in the right direction. Working capital declined, cash generation was excellent, and our return on capital increased nicely. Our focus on the core categories of oral care and personal care is achieving strong volume growth of over 12% and 8% respectively, ahead of our overall target of 5% to 8%.  So let's turn to the divisions, starting with North America. Our business in North America is very solid, with volume ex-divested businesses up 4.5%, which is on top of 8% growth in the year-ago period. The restructuring activities which we initiated here in North America are beginning to pay off, and are reflected in excellent gross margin growth, well above the 100 basis points for the company as a whole.  We are achieving exceptionally good growth in toothpaste, up almost 8% behind the new two super premium products, Colgate Total Advanced Clean toothpaste and Max Fresh Burst toothpaste. Colgate Total Advanced Clean toothpaste, launched late in the first quarter, is showing an excellent repeat purchase rate. Brooke Shield's third commercial with Total has helped drive consumer awareness and trial, and we continue to reinforce consumer advertising with an integrated marketing communication, in-store activities which leverage loyalty card programs, and in-store TV. In addition, we are also reaching consumers through our focus on dental professionals with a very strong dental detailing effort.  In the manual toothbrush category, we launched the Colgate 360 Degree Sensitive toothbrush this quarter, which has helped increase our market share and positions us as the only major manufacturer with positive growth in this category. In the second half we expect to reach full distribution in a major club retailer, which should help maintain the excellent momentum.  In the fabric softener category, our Suavitel brand reached record shares as measured by AC Nielson, growing 1.7 points to 13.1% in the general market, and up 3.7 points to 36% in the Hispanic market. Our third quarter launch of Suavitel Aroma Sensations should help continue this strong performance.  So looking ahead, volume in North America is expected to increase mid single-digits for the balance of the year, with operating profit up double-digits and as a percent of sales.  Turning to Europe/South Pacific. The very strong volume growth throughout this region is the result of our accelerated business momentum and improving macroeconomics, strong GDP growth combined with a reduction in unemployment and rising consumer confidence. In addition, our new product activity has helped grow share across categories.  Our regional toothpaste share is at 36.7 year-to-date, up 70 basis points from the year-ago period. In manual toothbrushes, we have taken market leadership with a 21.1% share, up 70 basis points from the year ago period as well, and the highest toothbrush share ever achieved through the region. In liquid body cleansing, we have now taken market leadership on a year-to-date basis, with an overall share of 13.6%. Solid growth in the Western European region has contributed to these strong results.  In bar soaps, our share for the month of May was the highest since 2003 and is up almost a full point on a year-to-date basis, with share increases in 15 of our 19 tracked markets. In liquid cleaners, we have maintained our leadership position, widening the gap with our nearest competitor in the most recent period.  Looking ahead, volume is Europe is expected to grow mid single-digits for the balance of the year, with operating profit growing high single-digits.  Turning then to Latin America. The good momentum we have seen in the Latin American business over the past few quarters is continuing and is also benefiting from generally healthy economies enjoying good GDP growth. As elsewhere, we have launched new products across our categories which have helped to increase volume and market shares.  On a regional basis, we have gained market share in toothpaste, toothbrushes, mouthwash, deodorant, bar soaps, liquid soaps, fabric softeners, dish liquid and all-purpose cleaners. In Mexico, where volume increased 8% in the quarter, we launched Colgate Total Professional Clean toothpaste, which has already achieved a 1.7% share of the market. This is a good example of our successful strategy of moving consumers to more premium products across categories. Our overall toothpaste share in Mexico is up almost 3 points on a year-to-date basis to 83.2%, with an 83.5% share in the most recent period. Mexico had market share gains in every other category as well: toothbrushes, bar soaps, shampoo, deodorant, fabric conditioners, dish liquid and all-purpose cleaners.  In Brazil, where volume increased over 20%, toothpaste market shares are up over 2 points on a year-to-date basis. In toothbrushes, with the continued success of Colgate 360 Degree toothbrush, our market share is up over 4 points, with a record high share in the latest period.  Another category in Brazil where we have made great progress is mouthwash. We recently launched two new products, Plax Alcohol Free and Plax Ice, which have helped us to halve the gap with the market leader to 10 points versus 20 points in 2006. So we're now a strong number two, approaching a 30% share of the market.  Consistent with our strategy to prioritize oral care and other high-margin categories, we have now established market leadership both in Brazil and Venezuela in liquid body cleansing, and see further opportunity in that category going forward.  So looking ahead, we expect Latin American volume to increase high single-digits for the balance of the year, accompanied by double-digit operating profit growth.  Greater Asia/Africa, excellent momentum continues in this region as well. We are particularly pleased with our robust results in greater China, where volume increased 20% and the overall business continues to strengthen. Consistent with our strategy to provide innovation to the consumer in both the premium and low-priced segments, Max White toothpaste was launched in June, following the launch of our lower-priced whitening toothpaste in February of this year, and a lower-priced anti-cavity toothpaste at the end of last year. As a result, our toothpaste market share in China in the second quarter was up over a point.  Our toothbrush business in China is also doing well, following a similar strategy of new product offerings across price points, Colgate 360 Degree toothbrush at the high end, and Twister Fresh toothbrush at a lower price. Our market shares are up 230 basis points on a year-to-date basis to 35.5%, firmly reinforcing our market leadership position.  India enjoyed another good quarter with solid volume growth. Both our toothpaste and toothbrush shares increased. Also during the quarter, Colgate was ranked number one as India's most trusted brand across all categories for an unprecedented fourth consecutive year in Brand Equity's most trusted brand survey.  Russia continues its excellent performance with strong double-digit volume growth. Our toothpaste market share is now over 33%, up 3.6 points from the year-ago period, and our manual toothbrush share is at 45.6%, up almost 5 points. Shares increased on a year-to-date basis as well in bar soaps, shower gels and hair care.  Looking ahead, volume in greater Asia/Africa is expected to grow high single-digits in the second half, with operating profit growing double-digits.  Finally, turning to Hill's. Hill's continues to perform solidly despite rising commodity costs and the industry-wide pet food recall earlier this year. Volume and consumption remains strong, despite price increases taken to offset increases in commodity cost. In the U.S., consumption growth at our largest accounts remains healthy. This has been driven by successful consumer promotions, in and out of store activities, and a strong sales focus behind Science Diet Lamb and Rice, Large Breed and Small Bites Canine Diets, as well as Indoor and Light Feline Diets, and an ongoing focus on supporting veterinary professionals.  As we told you on our first quarter conference call, we have continued to conduct research to measure the affect of the recall on our business, most recently in May and June. Hill's remains the clear leader among vets as reflected by brand recommendation levels. The Hill's brand vet endorsement rate for healthy pets in June was 76%, an increase of 9% from April. The Hill's brand vet endorsement rate for sick pets in June was 83%, an increase of 6% from April. Most importantly, this has resulted in increased market shares in both the pet and vet channels.  Our international growth was strong as well, with market share gains being achieved in Italy, France, and the UK. In Russia, we continue to increase distribution, resulting in very strong volume growth.  So looking ahead for Hill's, we expect volume to continue its solid mid single-digit growth. Operating profit is expected to grow double-digits for the balance of the year.  In summary, we are extremely pleased with our strong momentum in 2007. Our solid second quarter results reflect the ongoing success of our four strategic initiatives: getting closer to the consumer, the customer, and the professions; being more efficient and effective in everything we do; continuing to deliver innovative new products around the world; and building a strong team of leaders for today and tomorrow.  So we look forward to sharing our continued progress throughout the balance of the year. Dustin, that's the end of my prepared remarks. If we could turn it over and open it up for Q&A. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein. 
 Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein:  A couple of questions. The first one is just to dig a little bit deeper on Latin America. It looks like good volume results there, but it looks like operating margins were down about 100 basis points year-on-year. Tell me if this is wrong, but I guess that that's mainly from increased advertising in the region to keep the volumes up, particularly as reports of slowing growth come through from other retailers in the region.  How should we think about that? Is that kind of a one-time thing? Is there innovation that was driving that decline, an increase in advertising? Is that something that we should think about going forward in terms of the new margin progression for the region? Just some more detail there would be helpful. 
Ian Cook: Let me try and answer the question. To your first point, the answer is yes. It reflects an increase in advertising investment, which is partly driven by the timing of product activity in the region. So that would be the first answer.  Relative to your second comment in terms of effect on operating profit, out in time, given the slow down in some retailers, I assume having read your note, that's particularly driven by your comments on Mexico and the slowdown there.  The answer to that, I would say, is first of all our Mexican business volume was up 8% plus in the quarter. Whilst as you know, I can't get in to the detail of Walmex numbers -- neither ours nor theirs -- suffice it to say that our categories in that retailer are growing high single-digits, and we are outpacing the growth in all categories in that retailer. So for our businesses, we are not seeing that kind of a slowdown.  To your third point, in terms of how we should think about operating profit going forward, given the volume response we have seen to our increased advertising investment particularly in this region, we will continue to maintain a healthy rate of double-digit advertising growth, but sequentially expect our operating profit ratio to sales to increase; and for the year, will be up. 
 Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: That's really helpful. It's good news then that you are not seeing any of the declines in volumes, as other people have seen in some those major retailers. That's good.  How much of that, just for kicks, are you seeing in terms of inflation versus not? Is there any way to quantify that or think about that? Because certainly as they report in Mexico, they have to pull some of those numbers out. Is there any way to think about that? 
Ian Cook:  Certainly I don't have that to hand, Ali. We haven't teased out that level of detail. 
 Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: Switching gears a little bit to North America volumes on the flip side. Those were lower than at least we had expected, and I just wanted to get a sense of whether that is one-time issues that you feel are from counterfeit toothpaste, is it related to possibly declines in personal care, which is at least what we had seen in the all-channel perspective, or at least all-channel estimates that we have out? Or is it something else? Just some more detail there would be quite helpful. 
Ian Cook: Responding to North America, obviously for the six months, we're actually quite pleased with the 6.5% volume progress there and we fully expect for the full year that we will be in a 5% to 7% range for North America. We feel that for a variety of reasons. First, the new products that we already have just brought to the marketplace, Bina mentioned a couple of them in oral care. They have already begun to build share and we believe the trial opportunity remains over the balance of the year. You saw we took our advertising levels up to build that trial, and the repeat for the Total Advance Clean is the highest repeat number we have for a total variant. So we feel good about that.  We also feel good about the product activity we have yet to come, particularly in personal care in the third quarter. Finally on the promotion side, as you have commented before, we have seen some share progress from our leading competitor, largely related to heightened promotional activity. As we said on the last call, we have now matched that activity, and are bringing it to the marketplace but it will have its majority of impact in the second half of the year.  I would say that factored into our estimate with operating profit still up, that 100 plus basis points on the year. So for those reasons, we feel good about that 5% to 7% volume for the balance of the year. 
 Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: Around the gross margin savings and how that translates to SG&A, typically what we have heard from you all for a while is, expect half of our gross margin savings to go into advertising. Clearly this quarter, it was basically all of it. Is that again, a one-time thing? Is that essentially a new paradigm we should think about going forward? Or are you just kind of building a little bit of a cushion going forward? How should we think about that? 
Ian Cook: I think I would answer that, Ali, by focusing in on the advertising. You are right, we have invested behind growing our businesses. I think I would say that we will continue from an advertising point of view to invest at a double-digit rate of increase for the balance of the year in a way that will see our ratio to sales still above 11%. But in terms of timing of activity, that rate of growth for the balance of the year will ebb somewhat. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Amy Chasen - Goldman Sachs. 
 Amy Chasen - Goldman Sachs: Two questions, first of all on mix. I know that in Latin America you are very focused on improving your product mix and that that has contributed to margin expansion. In your press release you mentioned that as a strategic initiative. Is this becoming a more widespread initiative within the organization? Historically you were focused on category mix, but now it seems like it is more at the product level? 
Ian Cook:  I think, Amy, it's always been both. Maybe we have focused our comments more on the category mix, but it has always been both. Which is to say, clearly, increasing the mix of oral care, personal care, and pet nutrition is favorable; but very specifically within the personal care and oral care, traditional Colgate categories, it has always been part of our strategy to find value-added offerings that can carry a premium price and be accretive to the gross profit. 
 Amy Chasen - Goldman Sachs:  So it's no more aggressive now than it has ever been? 
Ian Cook:  I would say in terms of within the category, particularly in the developing parts of the world, it is slightly more aggressive, because we have been pleasantly surprised at the share progress of those premium products in those parts of the world. So the value the consumers see and the benefit and the integrated marketing communications we put behind them have seen very positive share return, so perhaps there is a little bit more focus there than there was historically. 
 Amy Chasen - Goldman Sachs: Can you also just comment on CBP? You made a comment that it's starting to help volume and margins. Can you extrapolate on that a little bit more, and how you are thinking about the prior cost savings numbers that you gave us last quarter? 
Ian Cook: We continue to be quite buoyant on CBP. As I think I have said before, we see this as a platform program for us going forward, and one that we will get better and better at. By the end of this year, we will have the CBP solution in place in countries accounting for about two-thirds of our company sales, and we have conducted the training that goes behind that, and the cross-functional deep dive analytics that go with that.  I think we have said on the calls before that we would expect a benefit of about $50 million this year and $100 million next year from CBP. I would comment that we are on track, if not slightly ahead of track, on this year's number. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Bill Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. 
 Bill Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Going back to the last press release after the first quarter results, you had said you were comfortable with the gross margin expansion being at the high end of the 75 to 125 basis point range. In this press release, you said it would fall within the range. Just wondered, is there any change in stance in your view on oil prices moving up or anything else we should be looking at? 
Ian Cook: Bill, let me just get to the right page here, and then I will answer the question. A few things to say. Obviously, as you say, oil prices have risen, most recently around the $75 spot rate, and we have obviously seen some commodity price pressure on many of the Hill's raw materials. I can say that those are factored into our latest estimate position for both businesses, and we do not expect any second half impact with the oil at $75.  All that being said, I would say that for the year we will be within that 75 to 125 range, and I would say our estimate position would say we will be at the 100 to 125 end of that range. So the higher end of the range for this year, notwithstanding the commodity and oil price pressures. 
 Bill Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: So you are still comfortable with the high end of the range. The second question would be, looking at the cash on the balance sheet at over $500 million, as high as I can remember. Any thoughts of what to do with that? Also maybe talk about what share repurchases were done in the quarter and plans there? 
Ian Cook: In terms of share repurchase and i.e., the use of cash, we have year-to-date had acquisition costs to purchase about 9 million shares, about $600 million. I would say our estimate for the year is a buyback of around $1.2 billion. In other words, the same rate for the balance of the year, which would be about a 30% increase on the prior year share buyback of about $900 million. 
 Bill Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: So cash should just normally flow through? Are there any other uses of cash that you see right now? 
Ian Cook:  Not extraordinary uses, Bill. In traditional order of business, capital expenditure and such, but not extraordinary. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Chris Ferrara - Merrill Lynch. 
 Chris Ferrara - Merrill Lynch:  It was clearly money well spent, but I wanted to ask about the robust rate of the ad increase again. I think it was a little higher than we had expected. You made reference to timing, but I just want to confirm, is that why ad spending was up so significantly this quarter, another 80 basis points after maybe we would have expected a deceleration in ad spending growth? 
Ian Cook:  Timing, Chris, yes. As I say, we will be maintaining a double-digit rate of growth for the balance of the year, but it will be at a lesser rate. 
 Chris Ferrara - Merrill Lynch:  So then as you think out longer term, you guys have a 12% target that is set there, and I assume that's somewhat fluid. But would it be reasonable to expect, do you still think you'll see diminishing returns at a 12% rate? Or do you think there's flexibility to be much higher than that in the longer term? 
Ian Cook:  Never say never, Chris. I think the first order of business is that you could, I think reasonably expect to see us continue to move towards that ratio out in time. I think we talked about that 12% level for 2008 and then we would revisit from our subsidiaries up, as we always do, what the appropriate way would be to invest behind the business, and define a position then. 
 Chris Ferrara - Merrill Lynch: On the new product pipeline it seems pretty robust, at least the way you guys have laid it out, at least with respect to the volume of new products coming on. Is that right? I mean, are you launching a greater number of new products than you were say, on average, over the last five years? If so, the R&D spend doesn't seem to have spike much. So could you just talk a little bit about whether that's true, and whether we're at a particular peak right now, or if it is a sustainable sort of pace? 
Ian Cook:  I don't think we're at a particular peak. I think we have always had a sustainability to our pacing of new product introductions. I mean in the end, there's only physically so much one can sensibly execute and even though after we launch a product, we are all onto talking about the next product, we are still in the business of building trial for those products over a period of two to three years. So there is a natural level that you can accommodate in any operating unit.  That being said, as I have said before, we are focused very much on trying to increase the quality and scale of the new product entries that we have, and we have been quite pleased with some of the more recent entries. I talked about Total Advanced Fresh, the Palmolive Scrub Buster, the Irish Spring Body Wash here in the United States. Even the one I mentioned on the previous call in response to a question, that Total Professional Weekly Clean that we have at a significant premium price in test in the UK and Australia up to a 3.5 share with good trial, the proof will be in the repeat for that additional brushing.  But I would say no peak, sustainability of product activity that we are seeing in shares and volume. With the staffing and the focus we have on long-term innovation and intention to try and give ourselves a better chance of having more scale innovation. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup. 
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup: First, could you give us our outlook for currency? The currency impact on the top line this quarter was a lot better than I had been looking for, and that's great. But what are you looking for the back half? Just start with that, please. 
Ian Cook: In our forecast for the back half, we have a 2% to 3% pickup from currency, but knowing us, that may be a tad conservative. 
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup:  That's primarily coming from Latin America and Europe? 
Ian Cook:  That is primarily coming from Latin America, Europe, and a little bit from Asia, as well. 
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup: My second question has to do with the SG&A line. As a percentage of revenue, we continue to see that line creep up. I mean, it was only up 10 basis points I think in the second quarter, so that's not a big deal. But even if I look at it over the longer term, last couple of years, that number has continued to creep up a little bit.  I guess that surprises me, because with the restructuring program and things like moving to the regional hubs in Latin America, I would have thought that at least the overhead component of SG&A would have been coming down. So can you explain what is in SG&A that continues to go up as a percentage of sales? Is there a level at which we start to see that flatten out, or even come down with the benefit of that restructuring? 
Ian Cook: If you look at the breakout on the SG&A, the real swing factor is the advertising, of course. 
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup:  But even if I take out the advertising -- and that's the thing that I guess is most curious to me -- is I think you are talking about more operating margin expansion in the back half but it sounds like that's coming from less advertising spending, as opposed to overhead savings. 
Ian Cook: If I look at overhead year on year, the overhead piece of the SG&A, the second quarter is down slightly on the full year last year and it looks like it's going to be about flat year on year. You probably know, Wendy, that of course, freight and warehousing is in that SG&A number, and we have seen something like a 20 basis points increase in freight year on year because of the petroleum-based fuel surcharges. So that's probably going to be a bit of a drag, which is what we're seeing in the number. 
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup: And you expect that to continue in the back half? 
Ian Cook:  Yes. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Pecoriello - Morgan Stanley. 
 Bill Pecoriello - Morgan Stanley:  First question was on the restructuring savings program, and how much you estimate you've realized through the end of the second quarter? Within the quarter, how much did that contribute on the gross margin versus funding the growth, et cetera? 
Ian Cook:  Let me do two separate things here. Let me first go through the gross profit reconciliation to give you that and then let me come back to the restructuring in its entirety. Is that okay? 
 Bill Pecoriello - Morgan Stanley:  Perfect. 
Ian Cook:  So in the normal fashion, prior year second quarter gross profit was 56.1%, as you know. So if I track you through the roll forward, you pick up a positive 30 basis points on pricing. You pick up a positive 70 on the restructuring; 1.2 points on our traditional Funding the Growth savings, offset by negative material price of 160 basis points, so a net savings there of plus 30. Then you have all of the other changes, divestments, et cetera, which takes you to the 57.1, which is the 100 basis points increase year-on-year.  So of that, 70 was restructuring. I think one observational point on that is if you look at the breakdown of that gross profit, in fact the basis points expansion on the traditional Colgate business was actually up 135 basis points. The drag being the short-term impact of the Hill's commodity cost increases. But restructuring was 70 basis points.  If I come back to the restructuring program in total, obviously now we have with our expanded program for the full life of the program, charges of 675 to 775 after tax, and savings in the 300 to 350 range. If I look at the savings for the year, we expect this year savings from the restructuring program in the 100 to 105 zone for the full year, and in the quarter, we picked up about $20 million to $24 million. 
 Bill Pecoriello - Morgan Stanley: I just had one follow-up on CBP. From the learnings in Mexico, as you continue to go through this iterative process that you described, once you have it in the market, are there any additional learnings you are getting there that are in terms of what the longer term benefits will be after you roll it out around the world? You said you would be in two-thirds by the end of the year, but Mexico, where it has been, the additional earnings. 
Ian Cook:  I think you have two additional things, Bill. I would have to say the second of them is soft. The first is that you become better as teams on the ground identifying promotional activity that is better performing. So the focus of the interrogation of the data turns to what are the promotional techniques we can use that are better than the ones we have had in the past? Rather than starting just with the analysis of what is less efficient and turn more to what is more productive.  The second is that it starts to bring together the various functions within the company to better improve your planning going forward, because it brings together sales, marketing, administration and supply chain with that 18-month planning horizon, which just gets you better alignment. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Linda Bolton Weiser - Oppenheimer. 
 Linda Bolton Weiser - Oppenheimer:  Actually, getting back to the Hill's business. I believe it looks like the operating margin at Hill's was actually up year over year. Can you just explain how that happened given the commodity cost pressures? Did you cut back a little on support spending or something there? 
Ian Cook: The Hill's operating margin modestly up, basically flat quarter on quarter, flat with the prior quarter. The primary factor is that the overheads in the Hill's business were down 80 basis points. So that's what allowed for the modest increase in operating profit. 
 Linda Bolton Weiser - Oppenheimer: Shifting to the issue of North America and your toothpaste business, can you give us some commentary on how you think the counterfeit toothpaste situation might have affected your brand? Have you done any consumer testing after that? Also can you talk about if there's any special cost in the quarter related to collecting the counterfeit product? 
Ian Cook:  We have, as you would expect, done considerable analysis on that, Linda, both with the consumer and at the retail level. The first thing to say is that the impact on the business is vanishingly small. I think we could trace something like $100,000 of business loss in the dollar-type stores, which is, if you were going to say anything logical given the nature of the stores that the counterfeit product was discovered in. So impact on the business absolutely negligible; some consumer awareness, but not at elevated levels. As the publicity on this has receded, I think it ties back to the negligible impact on the business. We are obviously a lot closer than the general consumer.  What we did very speedily, even though of course it is not our product and we do not in anyway sell it, we conducted a pickup of the product in all of those regions where we knew it had been discovered. But again, the costs of that were very, very modest, less than $0.5 million. So we have done all of those things. We worked very hard to put the right kind of communication on our website, so that people understand the difference between a genuine toothpaste and the counterfeit toothpaste. Obviously, we're working very closely with the various administrations in the United States to try and work back through the distribution channels and get at the root source of this and try and stop it. 
 Linda Bolton Weiser - Oppenheimer: Finally, it's been interesting to see the success you have had with bringing Suavitel into the U.S. market. Are there any other opportunities you see to bring other brands or products from other geographies, from Latin America to fit into the Hispanic market in the U.S.? 
Ian Cook:  We talk about Suavitel, we also brought up another product from Mexico in Latin America, and that is Fabuloso, which is a highly fragranced, light-duty household cleaning product which has done very, very well, similarly in the United States. I would say those are our two points of focus right now. But we continue to assess other opportunities over time, but no immediate plans. 
 Linda Bolton Weiser - Oppenheimer: Just one final thing in terms of capital structure. It's been interesting to see several companies in the sector take leveraging-up actions by increasing share repurchase and increasing debt levels. You could argue that your balance sheet is underleveraged, as well. Your leverage ratio is low, your interest coverage ratio is high. Have you taken that into consideration as a possible action to create shareholder value? 
Ian Cook:  Well, I think two things to say. One, I had made the point a little bit earlier that in fact, we are this year taking our share buyback up a fairly meaningful 35%. We also took our dividend up in the second quarter and we continue to discuss internally and look at the notion of leverage. Given the current market conditions, I think we're going to wait a little bit, continue our analysis, and make a determination at a later date. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank. 
 Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank:  Ian, I know it's kind of an elephant in the room, and you probably won't comment on it. But do you know where these Unilever rumors came from? 
Ian Cook:  No. 
 Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank:  That's it? Just no? 
Ian Cook:  Sorry? 
 Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank:  Just no? 
Ian Cook:  Just no. I mean the first thing I would say is, we don't comment on those kind of rumors. Given the nature of them, I would go on to say that there are absolutely no conversations now with Unilever on any M&A activity. You well know our acquisition strategy and parameters from before, and they remain the same. 
 Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Can you just talk about the pricing environment in Europe? Because it looks like it was recovering, and now it's negative again. Also, are there mix implications on the margin side from growing the body wash business there? 
Ian Cook:  The body wash margin for us is favorable. It's one of the higher personal care margins. Pricing in Europe, we were quite pleased; yes, pricing turned slightly negative again in Europe but obviously the growth of the business was quite solid, and we saw in the second quarter an expansion in gross profit. So in those markets we are going to have to balance our pricing strategies to deal with both the market dynamics and our competitors, and manage between that and the bottom line, which is what we think we're doing reasonably well. 
 Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: You said advertising was up 22%, but you used to give this number, total commercial spending. What was that up year over year? 
Ian Cook:  I'm looking around the room here, because I don't have it in front of me. Bill, I think we're going to have to get back to you separately on that. It doesn't appear to be sitting on the table. 
 Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: On the segment detail for the unallocated overhead, every quarter now, at least the last two quarters it has actually increased pretty sizably, even including charges year over year. Could you explain what is going on there with that number? 
Steve Patrick: Let me try to explain it. As you may recall when we announced our 2004 restructuring program, we said we were going to bring certain functions into corporate more than they have been before as part of our global supply chain, as part of our global purchasing, et cetera. We've also pulled in the research centers which are overseas onto the corporate books, so we can take total control. That's all of the increase. That's 20 to 30 basis points increase.  The only other change over the last two years has been the 60 to 70 basis points increase that came on as a result of the change on FAS 123 R. So these are as planned, and the levels we are at now, should continue as a percent of sales going forward. 
 Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: This happened in 2006, right, when you did the sort of change over at some of the R&D centers? But it looks like even now year over year, you've got some? 
Steve Patrick:  Actually, the R&D centers started January 1, 2007. 
 Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: That makes a lot more sense. The tax rate, Steve, while I have you on the phone, it looks like it crept up a little bit. Is this the rate for the rest of the year or is this a one quarter blip? 
Steve Patrick:  Actually it's 32%, which is the same as it has been every quarter if you back out the restructuring. The restructuring creates some volatility in the tax rate. I'm also backing out the positive in the first quarter as a result of the tax reserve reversal that we had in Brazil. But tax rate on an apples-to-apples basis on the business as we reported excluding the one-time items is 32% year-to-date and was 32% last year. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Justin Hott - Bear Stearns. 
 Justin Hott - Bear Stearns: First question, can you update us a little bit on your view on the pricing environment in the U.S., and the consumer's ability to take more pricing, and how it would affect your categories? 
Ian Cook: Well in terms of pricing environment in the U.S., for the majority of categories it is a function of premium mix. We're certainly seeing no slowdown in the consumer purchasing of products. On the Hill's business we took, I think, a 5.7% price increase generally in the second quarter. That of course, is just working its way in to the marketplace. But the general cash outlay for our products, Justin, is relatively modest in terms of the overall shopping basket. So we haven't historically seen a significant impact in terms of category growth rates. 
 Justin Hott - Bear Stearns: Maybe if we could quantify a little bit better, one thing I'm trying to understand is some of the biggest opportunities for cost savings in working capital going forward. Can you give it, either with or without the Colgate Business Planning? 
Ian Cook:  Just in terms of working capital? 
 Justin Hott - Bear Stearns:  Working capital and cost savings in general, as well. 
Ian Cook:  Well, I think obviously in the working capital area, a particular focus going forward is in the area of inventory, where as you know we have purposely elevated our inventory levels, both as a percentage of sales and days covered, naturally enough. That has been to do with supporting business transitions as we have closed down factories and established new more efficient factories. We expect that by the end of this year, and moving in to 2008, that our inventory levels will be back to the 2006 levels. So that clearly is a very important transitional area of focus.  In terms of the other areas of cost opportunity, we're focused across the board both in terms of raw and packing material, both in terms of conversion costs, both in terms of services that we provide to our subsidiaries from global or regional centers and as we have discussed before, the whole area of indirect expenditure, stuff that doesn't go into the product. We have initiatives underway in all of these areas, and would envisage benefits out in time across that array of opportunities. 
 Justin Hott - Bear Stearns: Can you give us some more color on why the strong volume growth in China? What channels, maybe if this is part of the premium product strategy as well, or if it's greater distribution? 
Ian Cook:  Well, China is pleasing progress, indeed. I think it traces to a few things. First, as you suggest, Justin, is product activity. We have activity in both segments of the marketplace, premium and the entry price point. As Bina had mentioned, market share responded in the second quarter, clearly volume responded ahead of that. So part of it is product activity. I think part of it is the focus we are putting in improving our visibility at retail, particularly in the B, C, D cities where we have a very focused and expanded effort working from region to region and obviously taking full advantage of the 1.7 million points of distribution that we have in China.  So it's a combination of product activity, distribution depth and better quality of in-store visibility, merchandising, and promotion. 
 Justin Hott - Bear Stearns: Can you talk a little bit about your relative share there versus your largest competitors? 
Ian Cook:  I can. The second quarter share, then, Justin? 
 Justin Hott - Bear Stearns:  Yes. 
Ian Cook:  Second quarter share Colgate was just over 32. Second quarter share for our leading competitor was just under 24. The second major competitor, which is Unilever with the acquired Zhonghua brand is around 12%, and then it's all others. 
 Justin Hott - Bear Stearns:  So your share lead versus your competitors, is that expanding? If I read that correctly? 
Ian Cook: In the second quarter, yes. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers. 
 Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers:  Great. Thanks. I just had one question remaining, and that was about GABA. In the press release, I had noticed that you actually cited GABA as being a big improvement and part of the driver for the European volume growth. If you can just give an update on what has changed there? If there's an inflexion point in that business? Anything else you can share? 
Ian Cook:  Yes, it continues to be a great business for us, Lauren. We have seen a good sales growth across virtually all markets. We have seen on a total European basis our market share continue to increase up 20 basis points to a 6.5% total Europe share year-to-date this year, with the most recent May share being ahead of that at 6.7%. So a good progress in the home European markets, if you will; particularly strong growth in the expansion markets.  Italy would be the most obvious, where we now have about a 2% share in the general market in Italy, which was a new expansion market for GABA, while we continue to build share in the traditional pharmacy market.  I think we have two things going on. One is growth in the base business, and the second is additional incremental share in the expansion markets outside the core European markets, Italy being the most recent, Poland continuing to do very, very well. All of that, bringing us back to something like a 23% year-to-date sales increase. So it's the same model, just expanded. 
 Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers: I don't know if you have this number, what the share was for GABA across the same countries as you are measuring your total Europe when you bought the business? 
Ian Cook:  It was about 6%. It's now up to 6.7% in the most recent reading. 
 Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers: That 2% share in Italy, is that in measured outlets, so it does not include pharmacy? 
Ian Cook:  Correct. That's a mass market grocery share, yes. 
 Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers:  Just finishing up on Europe, even in addition to this GABA growth, the 23% sales growth year-to-date, that is sort of consistent with the rate; Q1 and Q2 were at a fairly consistent rate, it sounds like? There wasn't a big acceleration in Q2? 
Ian Cook:  There was actually a timing difference because of selling price increases. So in fact, the years were kind of inverted in terms of growth rate. So this year was stronger in the second quarter. 
 Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers: Because still the overall the acceleration in Europe, it's pretty notable, even beyond the description that you and Bina both gave of the trends in Europe, it could have been the same script from another quarter where you had 3% volume growth rather than 9.5%. So what else is there that maybe I'm not understanding for what drove this incredible acceleration? 
Ian Cook: We had broad activity in many of our major markets in Europe that the volume responded to. So in France, for example, our first quarter growth rate was between 5.5% and 6% in the second quarter. With the marketing and product activity we had, it went up to 8%; the same in Germany from 4% to 8%. So we saw some quite broad-based volume increases reflecting product activity and marketing activity in the marketplace having a response. Our shares in Europe, in general, have been really quite positive this year, up not just as you might expect in toothpaste to the highest level ever, or manual toothbrushes where we have just taken leadership with the highest share ever, but also, as Bina mentioned, strengthening our leadership in liquid body cleansing, highest share in shower, highest share in bath, highest share in bath soap, and maintaining our leadership position in cleaners.  So the product and marketing activity we have put in place in Europe seems to be driving market share, and in turn, the volumes we're seeing in the subsidiaries. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jason Gere - AG Edwards. 
 Jason Gere - AG Edwards: Can you talk a little bit about Tom's of Maine, the global launch that you're planning? How big do you think this brand could be? 
Ian Cook: I don't really want to talk about the global launch we're planning but we are assessing where we would expand internationally. As we have said before, we think that is a terrific opportunity, but one that we probably won't realize until next year. We will do it on a market-by-market basis, and we're just finalizing that right now. So I would prefer not to spill the beans. But we see very good signs for a natural offering, and we think Tom's, as we've said before, is transferable. But I would rather not talk to specifics. 
 Jason Gere - AG Edwards: Just going back to one of the earlier questions on North America, the volume versus the margin, the margin being much better and the volume being a bit lighter than what you mentioned in the last conference call with the range. Just kind of clarifying on the promotional spending, it sounded like this quarter you were pulling back a little bit, but then as the September quarter plays in and matching against your competitor out there, that promotional spending will pick up a little bit more over the next few quarters? I just wanted to make sure that I understand that correctly. 
Ian Cook: I think you saw slightly positive price for North America in this quarter. As the balance of the year unfolds, we think that's going to be flat to modestly positive, which will reflect the increased activity. But as I said earlier, we expect the operating profit to be up north of that 100 basis points that we had talked about for the U.S. this year. That in large part is driven by gains we will make in gross profit, ahead of the company average, largely driven by some of the restructuring activities that we have underway. 
 Jason Gere - AG Edwards: With the volumes in the quarter, obviously the first quarter you had a very strong period. Is it fair to say that the pull back in some of the promotional spending, maybe there was a little bit more buying in on the first quarter, and that just may have trickled over to the second quarter? But I mean your guidance of 5 to 7 for the full year certainly gives comfort that you are looking at that mid single-digit for the rest of the year, and as you were just mentioning about the pricing certainly, if that's a little bit lighter, then I guess second quarter should see an acceleration in volumes for the rest of the year. 
Ian Cook:  I think the way I would say it is the underlying fundamentals in terms of product activity were effective. We saw in the premium segment, share move with product. The adjustments to our promotional activity, we didn't fully deploy in the second quarter, which you see in the price. They will be fully deployed across the second half of the year. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Joe Altobello - CIBC World Markets. 
 Joe Altobello - CIBC World Markets:  First question is on 2008. I guess it's still pretty early in the budgeting process, obviously. But in today's release you talked about doing another 75 to 125 bips of gross margin expansion. Given that assumption, are we looking at another year of $75 oil, or are you assuming that eases off a bit? 
Ian Cook:  We haven't got there, Joe. This is very early in our budget cycle. We are literally just starting now. 
 Joe Altobello - CIBC World Markets: So it seems like given that you just gave us that number this morning, that you have pretty good comfort that you could do at least that number with the savings project you have in place? 
Ian Cook:  We do. 
 Joe Altobello - CIBC World Markets: Secondly in terms of the advertising spend, the incremental spend that we have seen the last couple of quarters, how does that compare to your traditional mix of advertising spend? Is it more TV, is it more print, is it more alternative media? 
Ian Cook:  The answer, Joe, candidly, is it depends. It depends on the brand, and it depends on the geography. In the developing world, there is still an enormous emphasis on traditional, let's say, media, which would be television, magazines and radio, because that's the way to reach the consumer in those geographies.  In the developed world, depending again on the brand and the messaging, you do see both experimentation and actual conversion to alternative media. In the United States, for example, we are spending about 10% of our investment on web-based communication with consumers, either because of the nature of the message, or the ability to target the consumer. So it very much varies by geography and by brand.  But we are experimenting where we see the opportunity to be either more efficient or more effective in reaching the consumer. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Alec Patterson - RCM. 
 Alec Patterson - RCM:  Thanks for keeping the call going. Ian, I wanted to drill down a little bit on the question Wendy had about non-advertising SG&A, and you highlighted shipping and handling up 20 basis points year over year suggesting a mid-teens growth rate on that. That still leaves the rest of SG&A, the G&A component up fairly strongly, and certainly uncharacteristically for Colgate. Just trying to get a sense, are there other investment spending elements going on in SG&A that sort of doesn't cover the shipping, handling and advertising area? 
Ian Cook:  I think the only thing I could add is the point that Steve commented to a little bit earlier, and that is the incorporation of research and development in that area. But beyond what we have said before, I don't have anything substantial to add. I'm looking at Steve now. I'm getting a shake of the head, so nothing to add Alec. 
 Alec Patterson - RCM: On the advertising, that's a component of media spend and I guess consumer-related marketing support. How have those two been trending? This 22% increase, is it predominantly advertising media increase, or is it evenly split year-to-date? 
Ian Cook: Media has been outpacing the consumer promotion. So in that total growth, media is outpacing promotion. 
 Alec Patterson - RCM: Is there a general target of the 12% by fiscal '08 for advertising, roughly speaking, where media might be as a share of that? 
Ian Cook:  No, I think would be the answer. We didn't goal it that way. As I answered the previous question, we tend to build both our advertising spend and the media we choose to invest it behind on a country and brand basis. So there's no specific goal in terms of the mix between the two. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Nik Modi - UBS. 
 Nik Modi - UBS:  Just a quick question, Ian, from a strategic standpoint. When you look at your personal care portfolio, do you have any plans in place or are you testing expanding into different areas of personal care? Perhaps higher margin face, skin, dare I say even hair care? Any thoughts on that? 
Ian Cook:  I guess two answers, Nik. First of all, we have, we think, some pretty exciting opportunities to geographically transfer categories that we already have today. Underarm would be a very, very good example of high gross profit, generally large markets around the world, low barriers to entry and quite fragmented, so you can build share. I think we've demonstrated that in several geographies around the world. So we think there's opportunity in the businesses we already have.  But we do, for example, in terms of expanding from a personal care point of view, have a test underway right now in Mexico, which takes our personal care business into leave-on skin care lotions and creams. We have about a 6% market share. We're goaling a 10% market share. It fits well with the equity. It is a nice expansion category and if the test market is successful, I think you could expect to see us selectively and carefully expand that business. So, yes, we are experimenting. But we still think there's great opportunity in the categories that we have today. 
 Nik Modi - UBS: Just a follow-on to that, Ian. The Palmolive brand equity and the Soft Soap brand equity, do you feel like that is extendable into the premium end of skin care? 
Ian Cook: I don't quite know what you mean by premium end. If you mean cosmetics? 
 Nik Modi - UBS:  I mean just the upper price thresholds at skin care, and face care, et cetera. 
Ian Cook:  I think in the body cleansing area, the answer would be yes, we think we can move into the premium mass area, but not the high-end pharmacy or department store type pricing. But, yes. 
 Nik Modi - UBS:  Excellent. Just a curious question, did you notice as the quarter progressed, perhaps in June, kind of a flood of promotional activity in some of your key territories from the competition? 
Ian Cook:  I can't say I did, Nik. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Alice Longley - Buckingham. 
Ian Cook:  Okay. Alice, this is the last question. 
 Alice Longley - Buckingham:  Ian, could you comment on the climate for consumer spending on non-durables in Russia and China? I'm talking broadly in 2007 versus 2006, is consumer spending on non-durables growing faster, slower, or at about the same rate in your opinion? 
Ian Cook:  I hate to be stumped by the last question, but I have to say I don't have an answer to that at the tip of my fingertips, and nobody else does. I know that our categories have, and continue to grow in that high single-digit range, but I don't have the data to answer the question, Alice. We'll have to do that off line. 
 Alice Longley - Buckingham: But for your categories, the rates of growth have been fairly stable, you would say? 
Ian Cook:  Yes. 
Bina Thompson : I think we're going to end here for today. Thank you very much. 
Ian Cook: Thanks, everybody, for joining the call. Talk to you next quarter.

===== 2007 Q1  (2007-04-25 11:00:00) =====
Executives

===== 2006 Q4  (2007-01-30 11:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Bina H. Thompson - Vice President, Investor Relations   Reuben Mark - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer   Ian M. Cook - President, Chief Operating Officer 
Analysts: Bill Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey   Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank   Amy Chasen - Goldman Sachs   Linda Bolton Weiser - Oppenheimer & Co.   Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers   Connie Maneaty - Prudential Equity Group   Bill Pecoriello - Morgan Stanley   Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup   John Faucher - J.P. Morgan   Alice Longley - Buckingham Research   Chris Ferrara - Merrill Lynch   Justin Hott - Bear Stearns 
Operator: Good day and welcome to todays Colgate-Palmolive Company fourth quarter and year-end 2006 earnings conference call. Todays call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgate.com. Just as a reminder, there will be a slight delay before the question-and-answer session begins due to the web simulcast.  At this time, for opening remarks, Id like to turn the program over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson. Please go ahead, Madam. 
Bina H. Thompson: Thanks, Millicent. Good morning, everybody. Welcome to our fourth quarter and year-end earnings release conference call. With me this morning are Reuben Mark, Chairman and CEO; Ian Cook, President and COO; Steve Patrick, CFO; and Dennis Hickey, Corporate Controller.  First, we will discuss our results for the fourth quarter and full year this morning, excluding after-tax charges related to the 2004 restructuring program and incremental stock compensation charges due to the adoption of FASB-123R, as well as a gain in the fourth quarter on the previously announced sale of our household bleach business in Canada, which was entirely offset by restructuring charges. These items were included in the reported numbers contained in this mornings press release and accompanying financial statements.  The reported GAAP results with reconciliations to the results excluding these items are included in the press release and posted on the investor relations page of our website at www.colgate.com. Comments about expectations will also exclude comparable charges.  During the Q&A, we will answer any questions including or excluding these items as you may wish.  While were certainly delighted with our above expectation fourth quarter results, a great finish to a strong year. And as we covered the numbers in considerable detail in the press release, I wont spend much time on the overall corporate results, particularly as we have an ever-increasing number of participants who want to have the opportunity to ask a question.  So I simply say that were pleased that our P&L and balance sheet are strong, and that the restructuring and business building program are proceeding as planned or better than planned. Our ability to generate savings from all areas of the business, facilitated by our ongoing funding the growth programs, the restructuring, and now more recently our global implementation of Colgate business planning, is allowing us to continue to appropriately build our business with increased advertising. This, of course, generates the good market share gains and volume increases that were seeing around the world.  So let me turn to the divisions for just a moment, starting with North America. Were quite pleased that our competitive plans and activities in the U.S. continue the success we saw in the third quarter. As referenced in the press release, our all outlet toothpaste market share, as measured by Nielsen, increased both for the full year and for the fourth quarter. Advertising support behind all our toothpaste business, but particularly behind Total, has been key to this good performance.  Market shares increased quarter over quarter in the key categories of toothpaste, manual toothbrushes, dishwashing liquid, and bar soap. Overall consumption trends for our products in the quarter were strong across all trade channels, despite weakness in overall retail sales reported by some accounts at the end of the year.  Inventories in the trade remain at a little over nine weeks, down slightly from the year-ago period.  New products shipping in the first quarter combined with good going out market share should continue the positive momentum.  One of the new products is Total Advanced Clean. This new product, priced in the super premium segment, combines a high performance cleaning silica with our patented therapeutic formula to help maintain a dentist clean feeling.  In consumer testing, the purchase intent was the highest we have seen against all previous Colgate Total variants in market and initial trade reaction has been very positive. So well start shipping at the end of February and well support this new segment, as you can imagine, with strong advertising.  Another new product is Colgate Max Fresh Burst. This toothpaste is infused with 50% more flavor for an invigorating feel of icy refreshment. This will be targeted at 18 to 34 year olds and will add to our already highly success existing Max Fresh equity, and this also ships at the end of February.  Another new product is Palmolive Scrub Buster. This product is truly differentiated with a new, break-through bottle and graphics and an eye-catching micro-bead formula. Its distinctive shape will stand out on shelves and will work to interrupt shoppers grab-and-go routine.  Volume growth in the first quarter in North America should be strong, roughly at fourth quarter levels. Volume for the full year is expected to be up at least mid-single digits, and operating profit is expected to be up nicely for the first quarter and full year.  Europe -- our business in Europe South Pacific remains quite robust, despite the mature and somewhat stagnant economies in certain countries. The expectation is that there will be modest growth across the region in 2007, with some revival in consume confidence in larger markets in France, Germany and Italy. We also expect the Euro and Pound to remain fairly stable in value throughout 2007.  As you know, our strategy, particularly in Western Europe and Australia, has been to drive margins up by launching value-added premium priced products. One of our new offerings in the toothbrush category is our Colgate Max Fresh Toothbrush, aligned with our highly successful Max Fresh toothpaste. This is priced in the super premium price segment and is targeted to consumers aged 18 to 24, communicating a new dimension of freshness.  In the power brush category, which is a strong business for us across this region, well be shipping 360 Degree MicroSonic in this quarter. This premium priced brush will build on the 360 Degree anchor brand, which has driven market shares in virtually every country where its been launched, and leads innovation in the hybrid category.  In the home care category, building on the success of Ajax professional spray, were just about to launch Ajax professional bucket dilutable cleaner. This is priced at a premium for the base business, consistent with the other offerings in the Ajax professional line, and addresses the bucket dilutable cleaner segment that represents about 50% of all surface cleaners across Europe.  Our strong new product pipeline, the expectation of stable economies and stable currencies, give us confidence that 2007 should be another good year for Europe. Volume growth for the first quarter and full year is expected to be at fourth quarter 2006 levels. Operating profit should be up strongly, up both absolutely and as percent of sales for the first quarter and full year as well.  Turning then to Latin America, were very pleased with the continued strong performance in Latin America. Our focus on premium-priced, higher margin products, particularly in oral care, has led to the good share performance referenced in the press release.  A complete re-launch of Colgate Total toothpaste across the region, supported by increased advertising, resulted in a record share of over almost 11% in the most recent periods, led by gains in all the major subsidiaries, Brazil, Mexico, Venezuela, and Colombia.  In the personal care category, premium-priced milks, such as Palmolive Nutri-Milk, Protex Oats and Protex Propolis, have allowed us to achieve market leadership in Venezuela and Peru, and an overall regional share gain of one full point year over year.  Our Mexican business continues to do very well, with strong volume and market share gains in toothpaste, toothbrushes, toilet soaps and dishwashing liquids. The currency has remained fairly stable and is expected to remain so through 2007, with only a modest devaluation forecast by year-end. The economy is strong. The country appears poised for further growth, with the uncertainty of the presidential election now behind it.  Our second-largest Latin American business, Brazil, had a very good quarter and year, with record sales levels for both. For 2007, the main economic indicators and outlook continue to be favorable. Inflation is under control at 3% and interest rates continue gradually to decline, which should have a positive impact going forward.  So, despite the inherently volatile nature of this part of the world, were encouraged with the prospects going forward. Volume growth is expected to be at least in the mid- to high-single digits for the first quarter and full year. Operating profit is expected to grow double-digits in the first quarter and full year as well.  Greater Asia/Africa -- volume growth across this division was strong, and market share trends by country continue to be very healthy. In particular, India, Philippines, Thailand, and Russia showed share gains across almost all categories.  In greater China, our business appears to be gaining some momentum. The re-launch of our lower-priced, anti-cavity toothpaste, as well as the launch of the Max Fresh toothpaste line extension in the premium segment, has resulted in our leading market share maintaining itself at over 30% in the most recent period.  We strengthened our sales force to allow even better penetration into the smaller cities across this vast country, as well as to improve our visibility and support for indirect modern trade.  As you may know, Thailand was one of our pilot subsidiaries for Colgate business planning, the global program to increase promotion efficiency, which has now been fully implemented there. Our learnings here have certainly contributed to what was a banner year for the subsidiary. Sales increased double-digit, our commercial spending was reduced, our SKU count was reduced, our profit increased strongly, and market shares reached records in toothpaste, toothbrushes and soap. All of this is encouraging as we continue to roll out CBP around the Colgate world.  Looking forward to 2007, we expect another good year in greater Asia/Africa. Volume for the first quarter and full year should increase to the high-single digit range. Operating profit is expected to be up double-digits for both the first quarter and full year as well.  Finally, Hills. Hills finished 2006 with excellent momentum in the business, which we expect to see continuing into 2007. Business is strong both domestically and internationally, fueled by our steady pipeline of new products across both the Science Diet and Prescription Diet lines. Consumption in the specialty channel remains strong, particularly in large format retailers here in the U.S.  For 2007, we expect Hills volume in the first quarter to be at fourth quarter levels, with solid mid-single digit volume growth expected for the full year as well. Operating profit should increase double-digits for the first quarter and full year as well.  So in summary, were very pleased with both our fourth quarter and full year results for 2006, and are encouraged by the strong momentum in our business everywhere. Although its still early days, 2007 has started out very well and we expect to deliver good top line growth, excellent gross margin increases, and double-digit earnings per share growth, both in the first quarter and for the full year 2007.  So now let me turn the call over to both Reuben and Ian to respond to your questions. Millicent, can we go ahead with the questions? 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
What if there was a way to promote your company to a perfectly targeted group of potential customers, partners, acquirers and investors? What if you could tailor your pitch to them at the moment of maximum interest? And what if you could do this for a no-brainer price? :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions)  Our first question will come from Bill Chappell, SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. 
Bill Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Good morning. First, on the trade promotion and ad spend in North America this past quarter, how do you expect that to play out over the next two, three quarters as you defend your turf in the market share? Should it go up, should it go down? Are we looking pretty much similar levels over the next couple of quarters? 
Reuben Mark: The spending was high during the year, and noteworthy during the fourth quarter. Our expectations, our budget and our current estimate is that the gross to net level, that is to say, basically the price promotional aspects, will be declining, will be lower in the first quarter and throughout the year, than they were leaving this year, leaving 2006.  As you know, this anti-competitive program that weve been on has been quite effective and Im looking at certainly the latest market share of Total between 15 and 16, which is essentially the highest its ever been. 
Bill Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: When I look at the accelerated SG&A or trade spending, has it all been in the oral care category or is it spread out on some other categories to gain share there as well? 
Reuben Mark: Its oral and personal as well, but primarily oral. 
Bill Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay, thanks. 
Operator: Well go next to Bill Schmitz, Deutsche Bank. 
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Good morning. Just to follow-up on the gross margin in the quarter, how much of that was -- maybe just go through that bridge again, how your gross margin impacts from input costs and the rest of those factors? 
Reuben Mark: Sure. You mean the breakdown of gross profit, where it came from? 
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Exactly. 
Reuben Mark: Again, on a global basis, pricing contributed -- were starting with the base last year, Bill, of 56%, which was the biggest jump in any quarter of last year. It went up 100 basis points, whereas the rest of the quarters went out somewhere in some cases 10 basis points, in some cases 30, and so on.  So we get three-tenths from pricing -- let me put it all in basis points. 30 basis points from pricing. Restructuring -- are we breaking down the restructuring specifically? 40 basis points from restructuring. 180 basis points from funding the growth savings, which are a whole panoply of, as you know, of programs that we have. A negative 1.6, or 160 basis points from material prices, which leaves a total net savings of 60 basis points, and theres all other changes, which is a whole bunch of stuff, of negative 0.3. That gets you up to 56.6 and leads to the year of 110 basis points. Remember, we had raised our traditional 50 to 100 basis points target to 75 to 125 earlier last year, and in fact it was 110. I think the press release says that we should, we fully expect and have budgeted to be up the 110 or more. 
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Great, thanks. The new factories in oral care that are coming online, whats the timeframe for that? And what does that mean for gross margin? I imagine its obviously accretive. 
Reuben Mark: Well, the new factories that are being built, really, construction is underway but it will really be 2008 and 2009 before the Polish factory is up. People are telling me third quarter. I dont believe that, but -- wed have to do it by factory. The Tennessee factory, which is replacing Jeffersonville, is when? That is at the end of this year. The Palmolive liquid, this is a Polish factory, in the third quarter of this year. What am I thinking of in 2008? I dont know what Im thinking about 2008. At any rate, but more importantly, I think in terms of where that takes us, it will -- we expect the margin growth for several reasons to be up -- Im hesitant to say over 100 basis points, but the numbers say over 100 basis points in the first quarter.  Let me back up for a moment. Well, lets wait until the next question. I assume somebody else will ask about margin, because I have some very interesting things, I think, to say about gross profit. 
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Okay, great. Thanks so much. 
Reuben Mark: Why did I screw that up? Oh, no its -- okay. Anyway. Sorry, go on. 
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: No, thank you. Thats great. 
Reuben Mark: Okay, thanks, Bill. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Amy Chasen with Goldman Sachs. 
Amy Chasen - Goldman Sachs: Well, I wasnt going to ask about gross margin, but now Im intrigued, so I guess, Reuben, can you just tell us what you were talking about, and then Ill ask my question? 
Reuben Mark: Okay, great. Its nice to intrigue you. The first general comment, and bear with me, Amy, a moment because its worth -- because when you look at the P&L and balance sheet, the only thing one could even question a bit I think in this quarter, which we view as a super duper quarter, is gross profit of 60. I would like to talk about that for a moment, quite obviously, candidly.  The first general comment is that Ive watched the gross margin over the last couple of decades go from 39% to 56%-plus. I can say, and obviously truthfully, and I might add theres an internal disclosure committee that listens to every word of this and records it and makes sure that none of us say anything thats not accurate, but we are now in the best position that we have ever been in terms of stuff humming along to help our gross profit. The restructuring is going well. Next year well get more savings than we got this year. Next year well be running somewhat ahead of what we had told the board externally, and the total savings from restructuring will be at the top-end, if not over the top-end, of the original 2004 expectations.  We have, as you said, were building several greenfield factories, which apparently are going to be finished somewhat sooner than I expected. We have our normal funding the growth cost savings, which are going well. We have a whole program of logistical centralization, which is fascinating and we havent talked about much, but it means that were sort of revolutionizing our logistical system. We are mitigating the increase in cost of oil and we have the Colgate business planning that I think Bina mentioned, which essentially has no appreciable savings in 2006, and so -- turning up meaningful monies and showing up in volume in 2007 and 2008.  Now, let me tell you specifically about the 60 basis points. Theres an official estimate that we go into, that we have going into each of these conference calls, as you can imagine, which is quite complex and has many pages in it. The actual official estimate for fourth quarter growth in gross profit, given the 100 basis point last year, was 60 basis points.  When I was editing the commentary last time, I said I dont think the U.S. is going to be spending all that money that they say theyre going to spend and I think well do a little better, so we ended up talking about doing a little better -- my fault. I occasionally second-guess the numbers and this time, I didnt happen to be right.  But nonetheless, thats why very carefully in the press release, [it highlighted] the two words, as planned, because the 60 -- and again, that has to be legally vetted and everything else -- that really was what we -- I guess what Im saying, Amy, is that I dont see any diminution in the trend in gross profit, and I will reiterate that I think its better than I have seen it ever before. 
Amy Chasen - Goldman Sachs: Okay, thats great. Along those lines, on CVP, Bina mentioned a little bit about Thailand. Can you just extrapolate a little bit more on what youve seen from the test and maybe any early signs from the implementation? Could you also give us some idea of the quantification of those savings in 07? 
Reuben Mark: Okay, Ian, why dont you take -- Ill take the quantification, you take the effect of the program. 
Ian M. Cook: Amy, this is Ian. Obviously we had the two lead countries, Canada and Mexico. Were now rolling it into a half a dozen more countries in 2007, and on top of that, have put the process of business planning and a return on investment tool kit out to all of our subsidiaries, so that they can focus on improving the return on their promotional spending.  The two biggest things we have gotten from it in the lead markets and the other countries we are rolling out into, number one, the analysis of promotions that allows us to change our promotional programming to improve the return on investment which essentially increases average selling price and gross profit. We have seen that consistently across markets, that the analysis allows you to identify activity that is working well and activity that can be improved.  Secondly, its improving our planning, because it is putting a process across the entire commercial organization at the front-end of an 18-month planning cycle, which is simply leading to better execution of those improved promotions, which also offers a return, which Reuben will now quantify. 
Reuben Mark: As Ian and other people have told you, this is an end-to-end process, and I am still sure I will retire before I ever know what end-to-end means, but it is a very interesting thing and the company has embraced it.  The results will show up, Amy, in extra volume. It will show up in lower gross to net, so we have a great deal of difficulty pushing the financial people in the company and in this room to come up with a number, because its the kind of thing that is very difficult to piece out.  Nonetheless, I got them to agree the other day that we would expect a minimum in 2007 of $50 million plus from this, and that that should double in 2008. Now youre going to ask me is that gross to net, and Im going to respond -- Im not going to respond. 
Amy Chasen - Goldman Sachs: But that doesnt include the volume impact, or it does? 
Reuben Mark: Again, its difficult to piece out, so I cannot say how much of that would drop, but the volume itself will then in turn generate the gross profit on each incremental dollar of volume and so on.  While there wasnt a great contribution this year, or in the fourth quarter, of this program, you can see that the things that we are doing in terms of increasing advertising spending and increasing the efficiency of it translates into darn good top-line growth. We dont use the term organic, but our organic growth was I think 11.5% on an apples-to-apples basis. Top-line sales growth? 
Unidentified Participant: Nine. 
Reuben Mark: Whats the 11.5? 
Unidentified Participant: Thats the total. 
Reuben Mark: Thats the total. 
Unidentified Participant: Excluding foreign exchange. 
Reuben Mark: Oh, yes. Yes, that is the total. Its our organic growth including foreign exchange, but about 2.5 points of it is foreign exchange. 
Amy Chasen - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thank you. 
Reuben Mark: I like to think of it as 11.5, but thats -- 
Operator: Our next question comes from Linda Bolton Weiser with Oppenheimer. 
Linda Bolton Weiser - Oppenheimer & Co.: Thanks. I was just curious if you could comment on it looked like the receivables in inventories were up double-digits year over year. If you could comment on that. Also, if you would care to give some kind of a projection for operating cash flow in 07. Do you think it will be in line with earnings growth? How does it fall out in terms of the cash charges related to the restructuring?  Also, if you could comment on the use of cash in 07 and possible level of share repurchase. 
Reuben Mark: I think its -- when you talk about working capital, Linda, the working capital for the fourth quarter 06 was 2.3% of sales. I mean, you would normally expect with a 9%, 10%, 11% sales growth, what happens is your receivables go up, but as a percent of sales, last year, the fourth quarter was -- Im going to give you the full year. Whats the full year? Full year average was, 2005, 2.6%; and this year, 2.3%.  Also, the thing that did go up, as I think noted in the commentary, Linda, was our inventories in conjunction with shutting down the two biggest factories in the United States and a number overseas, there was and is some build in inventory to protect the business.  I think if you look carefully at the overall working capital, I think youll find that its very appropriate for the business  Im receiving a note which says, so that many companies, not that this matters in the least, but it says of receivables, that all companies may show a slight increase in receivables over and above the growth of the business, since the last two days of the year the bank was closed. That to a certain extent is what we discourage our operating people from talking about when they say gee, business is slow because of the monsoon or because of Mardi Gras or carnival or something, but be that as it may, on an overall year basis, our working capital as a percentage of sales is down somewhat, Linda. 
Linda Bolton Weiser - Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay, and then something about cash flow for 07? 
Reuben Mark: We expect operational cash flow next year to be up several digits. 
Linda Bolton Weiser - Oppenheimer & Co.: And do you think youll spend more or less on share repurchase in 07 versus 06? 
Reuben Mark: The expectation -- we will have available perhaps just under $1 billion for share repurchase or any small, odd acquisitions that we might make. None are being planned, which indicates that we would probably buy back about the same in 2007 as we did in 2006. 
Linda Bolton Weiser - Oppenheimer & Co.: I guess thats around $850 million. 
Reuben Mark: Yes, about that. 
Linda Bolton Weiser - Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay, thanks. 
Operator: Lauren Lieberman with Lehman Brothers, your line is open. Please go ahead. 
Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers: Great, thanks. First, I wanted to know if you could tell us what advertising spending was in the quarter. 
Reuben Mark: What advertising spending was in the quarter? You mean in comparison to last year? 
Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers: Sure, or even just a dollar amount, either way. 
Reuben Mark: Well, it increased 10%, Lauren. It increased 10% and a little more than that for the full year. Obviously it depends on if it increased, you know, depending on division, differently, but it did increase 11% and -- what else do you need? Let me see. This is the P&L item. I guess we dont give out media, but that did increase in the quarter as well. 
Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers: Okay, great. Then, just more broadly, I know Bina made some comments about, particularly about Brazil and Mexico, but there is a bit more political uncertainty throughout Latin America than there has been in a while, and also in Thailand and so on. So I just wanted to know how you and your people are thinking about the next year and the potential for some political unrest in some of these markets that have been very stable over the last couple of years. 
Reuben Mark: Ian. 
Ian M. Cook: Our Latin American business has actually, as you know, performed very well in 2006, with certainly all of the major markets up strongly. Market shares have been up. Gross profit is up and EBIT is up. As we went through the planning process for 2007, we obviously reviewed in detail by each of the countries. As I think Bina said in her remarks, we see good progress in Mexico in terms of our categories, and Brazil had one of the best years its ever had in 2006, and we expect the growth in Latin America to continue in 2007 at the high-single digit rate. 
Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Venezuela, theres -- is it going to become the Venezuela National Toothpaste company? 
Reuben Mark: Well, obviously its a whole different ballgame if industry in general is nationalized in any of these countries. You have to determine for yourself what the probability of that is. Right now, whats happening in Venezuela is our business is good. Theres substantially more money in the hands of the people.  Obviously the oil companies are not as happy as they could be, but we are relatively low profile, number one, and number two, the nationalization of non-government utilities, we consider to be quite a remote possibility. Its always there. It happened in Cuba, but we think it unlikely.  Also, I have here in folders the write-ups from each of the general managers of our Latin American companies, and I was looking at them earlier, and each one of them starts off that inflation appears to be under control, the economy is doing well, things are relatively stable and so on and so forth. We can separately take you through each of those, but again, inevitably something will happen in any developing country over the next decade or two -- something will happen.  But we see very encouraging signs currently. 
Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers: Okay, great. Then, just because you mentioned oil in Venezuela, what kind of level for oil prices are you using in your budgeting for 07? 
Reuben Mark: Okay, as we have told you, we budgeted oil at $65 a barrel. That led to an overall cost increase of 1.4% for the whole company. The biggest negative was not oil but Hills commodity pricing, because as you know, with ethanol and everything else, corn, and other agricultural products are extremely high.  If oil is now whatever it is, $54 and change, if oil were $60 on average each year, and leaving Hills for a moment unchanged, although their negative may be a bit higher, that would mean that we would be at a 0.8 increase in weighted average of raw and packed materials. If it was $55, we would be 0.4, or looked at another way -- is this Lauren still on the call? 
Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers: Yes, it is, thanks. 
Reuben Mark: Lauren, that basically if oil stayed where it was, where it is now at $54, we would have a meaningful but not enormous savings versus the budget. That is to say, what were projecting for the increase in Hills would be less than the benefit from oil. That would, of course, be folded into our savings program and increase gross margin and so on, but I think the fact that we have built our budget, and its a pretty powerful budget, on $65 oil is good. One never knows, but I doubt if its going to average higher than $65. 
Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers: Okay, thanks so much. 
Reuben Mark: So it reflects a somewhat conservative posture. 
Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers: Right. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Connie Maneaty with Prudential. 
Connie Maneaty - Prudential Equity Group: Good morning. I liked your comment about seeing the potential for the gross margin not as good as its been. Very interesting, and Im wondering if you think -- 
Reuben Mark: Are you saying you like it when I -- 
Connie Maneaty - Prudential Equity Group: Yes, I like it. 
Reuben Mark: -- no organization and Im wrong? 
Connie Maneaty - Prudential Equity Group: I like it. I guess Im wondering, do you think youll get to your 60% gross margin target for 2010 faster than you expect, or do you think youll probably be raising that gross margin target? 
Reuben Mark: With no disrespect, it will not be my responsibility then, so Im willing to commit for Ian and the rest of the group in the room, definitely -- no, no, Im joking. But we are running a bit ahead, because dont forget, we raised the target from 50 to 100 to 75 to 125. Last year, we were 110. I think well be perhaps somewhat more than that. This year, as we said in the press release, well be at least that, and that should take us out -- if we can continue that pace, and dont forget were not weighted down as much by low margin items like detergents, although we still have a couple hundred million dollars worth of sales.  So I would say the probability is really quite reasonable. 
Connie Maneaty - Prudential Equity Group: What percentage of the gross margin savings do you think youll be reinvesting? 
Reuben Mark: Thats always tough to say. Our historic rule of thumb has been half. Although our advertising levels are now getting up very healthy in many, many countries, and so there may not be a need to accelerate it as much as it has been. 
Connie Maneaty - Prudential Equity Group: Okay, and just one final question. You said something that youre working on logistical savings to mitigate the cost of oil, and that you really hadnt talked about that much in the past. Well, could you flesh it out a little bit? What does that mean? 
Reuben Mark: In the last -- actually, in the last eight months or nine months, we went through an organizational change to alter our procurement and shipping so that it was far more globalized than it had been, and that there are major savings targets and they are being achieved, and theres a whole new organization structure and it affects each subsidiary.  I think that Bina and Hope could arrange for you or anybody who would want to, to sit down with our logistics people. I had breakfast -- actually four breakfasts, because theres a lot of people in the department, over the last few weeks and fascinating -- fascinating stuff. 
Connie Maneaty - Prudential Equity Group: Great. Thank you. 
Reuben Mark: I assume that many companies are doing similar things, but we are again, we have the advantage of being linked up with essentially all, literally on virtually 100% of our business linked with SAP, and therefore were -- and all the factories and everything else, and that makes it very meaningfully easier. 
Connie Maneaty - Prudential Equity Group: Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Pecoriello with Morgan Stanley. 
Bill Pecoriello - Morgan Stanley: Good morning, everybody. Reuben, a question on the gross margin expansion for 07, the 110-plus BPs. You gave us some of the pieces, the raw materials up 1.4% and the CPB $50 million. Could you walk us through the components of the contribution, raw materials, funding the growth, CPB in terms of the gross margin, in terms of the 110 BPs? 
Reuben Mark: Well, Id really love to do that and I promise it will be done after each quarter comes in. Its a little bit crystal-balling -- matter of fact, more than a little bit crystal-balling to put those out in advance, or even to estimate them in advance.  It all comes together with a list of 10,000 materials and 20,000 prices and everything else, and it comes out with a formal estimate that has been historically proven to be pretty accurate, except when I second-guessed it, and that the budget calls for a gross profit for the year north of 1% of 100 basis points, and it lays it out by quarter and so on.  We certainly, as always, will show you when it comes in, but it is very difficult to project, because there are times when prices are raised and it has to be [inaudible] back in country X or when theres a break on the price of oil or something else, so those kinds of projections are kind of tough to do. 
Bill Pecoriello - Morgan Stanley: Okay, and the timing on the raw material component this quarter, negative 160 BPs, similar to last quarter, and we see this delay in some of these derivatives, as oils come down. When do you expect to see that starting to flow through the P&L? 
Reuben Mark: Bill, let me give you a more general response, is that we expect -- I will say this again, but for now the analysis supports what Im saying. We would be surprised if right in the first quarter, we didnt get more than the 60 basis points that we got this quarter. 
Bill Pecoriello - Morgan Stanley: Okay, great, and one other question, on the Colgate Total Advanced Clean that you announced, could you talk about how the -- you said super premium price, so how its priced relative to both Crest Pro Health, Colgate Total Advanced Fresh, and a significant push behind it, so just give us some more color on that new product? 
Ian M. Cook: Let me take that. Its priced at the same level as Pro Health, so it is at a premium to Colgate Total. The support we have behind it is, as you would expect, quite strong, not simply in terms of dollars invested but also with the integrated marketing programs that we have behind these businesses, both against the dental profession and to the consumer, using the Internet and, of course, our spokesperson, Brooke Shields, who has been very effective for us in the fourth quarter of this year. 
Bill Pecoriello - Morgan Stanley: Great, and the consumer, the selling proposition in terms of the messaging, what is the focus on the brand? 
Ian M. Cook: Superior cleaning between dental visits, on top of all of the therapeutic benefits that you get from Colgate Total today. 
Bill Pecoriello - Morgan Stanley: Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Well go now to Wendy Nicholson, Citigroup Investment. 
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup: A couple of questions. First of all, on China specifically. I know your market shares are looking good there, but can you give us a sense of what the pricing environment has been like in China? Specifically, how much was your business up or down in sales and profits for the quarter? 
Reuben Mark: Wendy, in greater China, which is what we usually talk about, the volume was up about 1% and sales were up about 2%.  The profit as a percent of sales, the operating profit as a percent of sales, hang on -- let me make sure I use the right number -- stayed about the same as the previous quarter. For the year, its in the high-single digits as a percent of sales. As you know, were running that business at a meaningfully lower profitability than the rest of the businesses.  Ian, do you have anything to add on pricing or anything else? 
Ian M. Cook: The pricing in the marketplace is quite stable, and I think our focus in China going forward, Wendy, is behind the two new initiatives we brought to the marketplace in the second-half of this past year. Late in the third quarter, an anti-cavity relaunch in the lower price points of the category, and then in the fourth quarter, a new variant of the Max Fresh product, which has been successful for us in China. So we will be focusing on building trial for both of those through 2007 and improving our visibility in the marketplace with the strengthened sales organization that we have and the focus on in-store merchandising.  So thats our focus going forward. 
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup: Terrific. My second question has to do with the U.S. business and the profits being down year over year there. It just seems like that business has been increasingly volatile from an operating margin perspective over the last few quarters. Do you think that smoothes out in 07? I guess with the big new launches coming out, I imagine youre going to do a lot of spending. I know on the last quarter call, you said you thought the U.S. business was going to have operating margins up 100 basis points in 07. Do you think thats still a good target?  Then, just secondarily and then Im done, was the U.S. business gross margin up year over year or was it down with all the spending you did? 
Reuben Mark: Let me respond to that, if I could, Wendy. In the last couple of years, the volume in the U.S., North America, which includes Canada and Puerto Rico, has been quite solid, as you know. It was 7% up in the full year 2005 and up 7% in the full year 2006. The last quarter was over 8%, actually, almost 9%.  Operating profit went up slightly in the year. It went up -- we dont give the numbers, or we do give the numbers? Yes? Okay -- from, as you see, $546 million to $550 million, and the difference, and Ill tell you gross profit in a moment, but gross profit was flat on a percentage basis, almost precisely so that the growth, the revenue and the gross profit from the increased volume essentially went into advertising.  Now, if we look at next year, that is expected -- we dont feel we have to spend as much promotional money. We have a 16 share with Total and whatever our competitor has, they have. So that again, we would be surprised if their operating profit did -- and here, Im taking the official estimates -- would not be up double-digit next year. That should start off pretty well in the first quarter, and I wouldnt be surprised if it was double-digit in the first quarter. 
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup: Why would you assume that your competitor would spend less next year than they did last year? 
Reuben Mark: Were not assuming anything. We have seen, we have very strong plans. Advertising is up -- let me tell you what its up. In the U.S., but its not up as much -- okay, so that is -- the advertising -- excuse me. The indication, for what its worth, is we are spending what is needed behind the appropriate categories. Not as much money is going into oral care on a relative basis as was this year because while the defense program is not over, you know and we know that this competitor was troubling is sitting at about a third of the share of Colgate Total, or a little less, and actually we have gained share year on year, 2006 versus 2005.  So that were able to spread some of the money around a little more effectively, and as a result, the operating profit is expected to go up with an overall somewhat reduced spending level and a gross profit that is expected to be again at least 100 basis points higher. 
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup: Okay. Thank you very much. 
Operator: And well go now to John Faucher with J.P. Morgan. 
John Faucher - J.P. Morgan: Yes, good morning, everyone. A question on Venezuela. If something happens there, do they get the PowerPoint slide, or do you guys get to keep the PowerPoint slide? 
Reuben Mark: Actually, Mr. Chavez has made a personal request directly to Bina to send that down. 
John Faucher - J.P. Morgan: Excellent. A question for you on the funding the gross savings over the next couple of years. As you look at this, it seems like companies do really well on cost-savings when things are difficult. When the raw materials are going against them, when the trends are going against them.  I guess were always skeptical in terms of how you keep that going all of a sudden when things are better and the rest of the numbers start to look good. Any thought in terms of how you keep the pressure up on the funding the growth side of the equation there? 
Reuben Mark: Well, there are a lot of organizational methods to do that, John, and peoples pay for performance is tied into it. There are all kinds of cross-discipline checkpoints and everything else.  But reading your report of this morning, they do that too and they see that the only negative one can find in an otherwise what they would perceive to be a damn good quarter is the fact that we came in at 60 basis points and the stock opens down.  Obviously there are internal disciplines and mechanisms to make it happen but they know that that move from 39% to 56% is what has driven everything, market shares and everything else historically, and its still doing the same thing.  Each subsidiary is seeing gee, look what happens to my volume when I really can put more advertising money in, and the only place Im going to get that advertising is from the penalty of cost savings programs.  I can tell you from my own experience as a general manager, everybody really has glommed on to this Colgate business planning, basically the return on investment for promotional spending, because thats something that they can do themselves, generate the money and then spend part of it back on business building activities. 
John Faucher - J.P. Morgan: Thank you. 
Operator: Alice Longley with Buckingham Research, your line is open. 
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: Have you seen any improvements sequentially in shipping costs or packaging costs from the third into the fourth quarter, or even from the fourth into the first quarter? 
Reuben Mark: Could you say that again? 
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: Have you seen any improvement, and reversals in shipping costs or packaging costs? 
Reuben Mark: I actually have something that may be helpful. Im not sure it directly answers the question. I have a folder thats amazingly labeled Logistics. Our logistics costs have gone up over a period of time. If you take the first quarter of 2005, our logistics costs was 7.5% of sales, and that it ended off the year at 7.7%. This year, we were also at 7.7%, which shows that A, while its slightly up, it indicates that we have been successful in offsetting the oil costs on an overall company basis.  I dont have 2007 on this chart, but its been essentially flat. The first quarter was 7.6% and the last quarter was 7.8%, so theres a slight increase but not a heck of a lot. If one were guessing, I would guess that in the first quarter, its like it will be down as a percentage of sales, for no other reason than is driven by freight costs, which are in turn driven a lot by price of gas, and that will be down somewhat. 
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: Do you have the number in front of you for the third quarter? Im just wondering if the fourth quarter, what the fourth quarter looked like versus the third. 
Reuben Mark: For 2006? 
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: Yes. 
Reuben Mark: Could you talk a little louder? You said yes, right? 
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: Yes. 
Reuben Mark: On a percentage of sales basis, I have the absolute numbers but they dont really mean as much as the percentage of sales. In 2006, the second quarter was 7.7% and the third quarter was 7.7%, and the fourth quarter was 7.8%, which is not a terribly strong movement. 
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: Okay, so trending up a little bit. 
Reuben Mark: -- the 2007 first quarter estimates, but if I was guessing, it will be 7.5% or 7.6%. 
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: Okay, and then for Hills, I know that grain costs spiked up. Some of them are up over 50% just in the latter part of 2006. What kind of pricing are you taking for Hills in 07, in order to deal with grain costs? 
Reuben Mark: In 2005, we took in Hills a 1.5% price increase, skewed towards the second-half of the year. In 2006, and this is again worldwide, they took a price increase of 4.3% for the full year. In 2007, my assumption is its somewhat less than what we got in 2006, but at the same time, net gross profit is budgeted up for next year, because we get the cumulative effect of all these price increases. 
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: All right. 
Reuben Mark: Is that what you wanted? 
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: Yes, Im just wondering if you might need more price in there because of the grain cost issue. 
Reuben Mark: In this year -- 
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: In 07? 
Reuben Mark: In the U.S. 2007, as of January 1, there was a 4% price increase announced for Science Diet and Prescription Diet. 
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Chris Ferrara with Merrill Lynch, please go ahead. 
Chris Ferrara - Merrill Lynch: Could you talk about advertising overall? I know in the 04 program, you guys had said that 12% advertising was still the right number. Im just wondering if thats still what youre thinking. 
Ian M. Cook: Yes, Chris, I think that would still be our internal aspiration. Obviously we have continued to step our way towards that with the increases in advertising that we have seen over the last several years, which has been taking the ratio to sales up consecutively. We see the same double-digit increase next year, which will further increase the ratio. But were not blindly headed to a 12%, even though we had set that to an aspirational goal.  In addition to the increase in spending, we are very much focusing now on integrated marketing communications using all of the different media vehicles, including the retail outlet itself, available to you so that we work on the efficiency of the increased investment as well. 
Reuben Mark: It should next year end up between 11% and 12%. 
Chris Ferrara - Merrill Lynch: Great, thanks. Also, the last few quarters youve talked about how the top account to your growth had been outpacing by a large margin the rest of the accounts, or the rest of your customers. Is that still the case for this quarter? 
Reuben Mark: Yes, in the top 10 accounts, four -- why dont I give you the full year, actually. Total top 10 were up: in cases, 9.2%; and in dollars, 9.8%, and total U.S. was up: cases, 7% for the full year; and 6%-plus in sales. So again, for the whole year, its well above the rest of the business. 
Chris Ferrara - Merrill Lynch: Got it. Thank you. 
Reuben Mark: Why dont we take one more question, if thats okay? 
Operator: Our final question will come from Justin Hott with Bear Stearns. 
Justin Hott - Bear Stearns: Thanks. Just keeping on that, in the prepared remarks, I believe you mentioned some weakness in key accounts. Could you tell us about that? Maybe give us a little more color? Also, give us some more information on Toms of Maine. Thanks. 
Reuben Mark: Yes, I think what Bina was intending by that is we didnt experience the weakness, is that there was some published, the sales at account X or account Y for their whole line of business was somewhat [weak].  Justin? 
Justin Hott - Bear Stearns: Im having trouble hearing you, Reuben. 
Reuben Mark: It really was not us. As indicated, our business in the fourth quarter domestically was quite good. 
Justin Hott - Bear Stearns: Are you gaining share in those key accounts? 
Reuben Mark: It varies account by account, but generally -- Ian. 
Ian M. Cook: Yes would be the answer. In the major accounts, the consumption is up and usually outpacing the growth of the category in the accounts. As a general statement, we are growing market share in a broad-based way. 
Reuben Mark: If you hang on just one minute, I can give you actually that, is that in the fourth quarter, our consumption -- again, this is Nielsen measurement -- what is it? 
Ian M. Cook: Its a combination of Nielsen and all outlet retail sales. 
Reuben Mark: Okay, it was up 6.1% for this measurement, so it was up and the categories were up meaningfully less. 
Justin Hott - Bear Stearns: And Toms of Maine? 
Reuben Mark: Toms of Maine. Its doing well. I have a folder here that says Toms of Maine, and you should know, Justin, that our Board of Directors would be pleased that on both sales and operating profit, Toms of Maine is doing better than the presentation that we made to our Board, which justified our partnership with Toms of Maine. 
Justin Hott - Bear Stearns: Reuben, since its the last question, any update you can give us on what we can be expecting on your future as well? 
Reuben Mark: Well, my future, I think its -- 
Justin Hott - Bear Stearns: At the company, sorry about that. 
Reuben Mark: I think its expected that Ian will take over as CEO during the course of this year. I think youre aware of that. Also, it was not idle that we put in the press release that [Ian] is the CEO-designate, even though you really have to look the precise meaning of that word up, and everything is proceeding on stream.  The expectation is that when Ian becomes CEO, I will remain as Chairman for a period, and so its right on track. 
Justin Hott - Bear Stearns: Thank you. 
Reuben Mark: Thank you, Justin. I guess that brings us to the end. Many thanks, everyone, appreciate your support and look forward to a really good year with you. Bye-bye. 
Operator: Thank you, everyone, for your participation in todays conference call. You may disconnect at this time. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details.

===== 2006 Q3  (2006-10-25 11:00:00) =====
Executives:
Analysts: Amy Chasen - Goldman Sachs  Laura Lieberman - Lehman Brothers  Bill Pecoriello - Morgan Stanley  Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup  Nik Modi - UBS  Bill Chappell - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey  Christopher Ferrara - Merrill Lynch  John Faucher - JP Morgan  Linda Bolton Weiser - Oppenheimer  Sandy Beebee - HSBC  Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank  Joe Altobello - CIBC World Markets  Alice Longley - Buckingham Research  Alec Patterson - RCM  Connie Maneaty - Prudential  Justin Hott - Bear Stearns  Jason Gere - A.G. Edwards 
Operator: Good day and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company third quarter 2006 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgate.com. Just as a reminder, there may be a slight delay before the question-and-answer session begins due to the web simulcast. At this time for opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson. Please go ahead.
Bina Thompson: Thanks, Gwen. Good morning. Welcome to our third quarter earnings release conference call. With me this morning are Reuben Mark, Chairman and CEO; Ian Cook, President and COO; Javier Teruel, Vice Chairman; Steve Patrick, CFO; and Ed Filusch, Treasurer. First, we will discuss our results for the third quarter this morning, excluding $58.5 million of after-tax charges related to the 2004 restructuring program and an $18.9 million non-cash after-tax charge, or approximately $0.04 per share in incremental stock compensation charges due to the adoption of SFAS 123 R. These items were included in the reported numbers contained in this morning's press release and accompanying financial statements. The reported GAAP results with reconciliation to the results including these items are included in the press release and posted on the Investor Relations page of our website at www.colgate.com. Comments about expectations will also exclude comparable charges. During the Q&A, we will answer any questions including or excluding these items, as you may wish. We are obviously pleased with our results for the third quarter of 2006. Clearly, the momentum that we had seen in the first half of this year has continued. Evidence of that can be seen in our strong sales growth, as well as strong unit volume growth in all divisions, excellent gross profit growth of 140 basis points ahead of our targeted range, good media increases in every division, strong operating profit growth and continued double-digit earnings per share growth. And of course, this is also reflected in increasing market shares in many countries. Our restructuring and business building program is proceeding well. We feel that our excellent gross margin performance, as well as continued containment of our worldwide overhead expenses, is clearly indicative of the increasing success of this program.  Savings from restructuring contributed a healthy 60 basis points to our gross margin increase, while our ongoing funding to growth programs delivered additional substantial savings as well. Both these initiatives more than offset the continued negative impact from our raw material cost increases.  Our restructuring plan remains on target with savings in this year expected to be in the $0.10 to $0.11 per share range, indicated earlier in the year. It is possible that they will come in slightly higher. We're confident our gross profit should increase at least within the target range of 75 to 125 basis points, both in the fourth quarter and for next year as well. Our worldwide effort to be more efficient in our trade spending, Colgate business planning continues to roll out around the world. We finished our initial deep dive which has provided good learnings for us and are about to go live in six countries with a further rollout over the next two years. And importantly, we are beginning to see some of the benefits. Our worldwide pricing was up $0.015 with pricing up in almost every division.  Pricing was negative only in our North American division, which was entirely due to a very successful defense plan for our toothpaste business in light of a recent competitive launch and you'll hear how that defense plan has been progressing. As noted in the press release, advertising increased worldwide, both absolutely and as a percent of sales. Support behind our core brands increased in every operating division and it's particularly gratifying that our operating profit increased 15% despite this business building spending and in the face of the most difficult year-over-year comparisons so far this year. So let's look at the divisions. North America. Our business momentum in North America continues to be excellent. New products have contributed to growth across categories with record market shares in toothbrushes and fabric conditioners. Our overall consumer takeaway as measured by Nielsen reached a record high as well, up almost 8.7% over the year-ago quarter.  As noted in the press release, we achieved record market shares in the quarter in toothbrushes and fabric conditioners. As you know, our fabric conditioner business is sold mainly in Hispanic markets but our 33% market share in Hispanic markets translates to a full national share of over 11%. Let's spend just a moment on our U.S. toothpaste business which has been receiving a great deal of press attention recently. Our U.S. toothpaste consumption, that is consumer takeaway, in the quarter was up a very strong 9.3%. Our all-outlet overall toothpaste share, as measured by Nielsen, is up year-over-year with total toothpaste achieving 15.2%. As for current consumption, we are seeing strong figures for Colgate toothpaste in the U.S. as October progresses.  As we noted in the press release, pricing was slightly off in the U.S., and this is basically all due to our defense plan related to the recent launch of Crest Pro Health. That defense plan does appear to be working. So looking ahead, with a strong pipeline of new products, along with the existing momentum in the business, we are encouraged about the prospects for North America going forward. North American volume in the fourth quarter is expected to be up mid single-digits or better. Operating profit is expected to be again up modestly as we continue our business-building support. Our early budget thoughts for North America in 2007 are another good volume year with a more substantial increase in operating profit. Turning to Europe/South Pacific. Volumes for the Europe/South Pacific region increased a solid 4% with growth coming from Western and Eastern Europe, and the South Pacific. Importantly, pricing was even with last year's best performance in 19 quarters.  Two new oral care products in the region which were launched in Western Europe in the middle of the year continue to gain share, Colgate Time Control and Colgate Sensitive Multiprotection toothpaste. In Eastern Europe, the launch of Colgate Max Fresh has met with good success and in the South Pacific a very successful oral health month in August, a good example of how we continue to partner with the profession, helped to increase our market leading share to 67% on a year-to-date basis with the most recent four week share over 68%. In the Personal Care category, the recently launched Palmolive Olive is now the best selling variant in our line of shower gels and liquid soaps and has contributed to share growth in Italy, the U.K., Scandinavia, Spain, Portugal and Greece. In the third quarter, we launched two new products, Palmolive Body Yogurt and Palmolive Splish Splash Splosh. Palmolive Body Yogurt is another entry in our shower gel and bath soap line positioned for consumers interested in health and nutrition benefits for their skin. Splish Splash Splosh is a children's liquid hand soap in fun, character-shaped bottles and an instant foam formula. So looking ahead, we expect volume in Europe to increase at third quarter levels in the fourth quarter and operating profit should be up double digits, up absolutely on a percent of sales. Turning to Latin America. This division continues to post excellent results with volume increases in every one of our 18 subsidiaries in the region. In Mexico, our toothpaste share is at 82.3%, the highest market penetration in two years. Across the division, our strategy of providing consumers with more premium-priced products, such as Colgate Max Fresh and Colgate Total, is paying off, driving increased sales and profits. We told you in previous quarters that we would be launching our Colgate 360-degree toothbrush across Latin America. This product has met with consistent success around the world and this region is no exception. We were able to increase toothpaste shares by 4.5 points in Mexico, over 3 points in Colombia, and thereby achieving region-wide market leadership in the most recent two-month period. And we're also gaining share in soaps, liquid soaps, deodorants and dishwashing liquids, a clear indication that as we get closer to the customer and the consumer, we can launch relevant new products with effective marketing and promotional support. So looking ahead, most of the economies across Latin America are growing, and we're optimistic that our strong business results will continue through the remainder of this year and into next. Volume in the fourth quarter is expected to increase mid to high single-digits, with operating profit increasing double-digits, up absolutely and as a percent of sales. Turning then to Greater Asia/Africa. Our business in Greater Asia/Africa continues to be very strong. In Russia, we reached another record toothpaste market share in the most recent period, and are up year-to-date over last year by 5.6 points. Our Russian toothbrush share is at a record as well, over 40%, up almost 4 points from a year ago on a year-to-date basis. And our recently launched Colgate 360 degree toothbrush had a share of almost 4% in its first reading. Share increases as well in Russia in liquid soap and deodorant helped that subsidiary continue to achieve strong double-digit growth in both sales and profits. In India, our double-digit volume growth was aided by a good toothpaste share increase of almost a full point on a year-to-date basis. Our market share is now 48% of the total market. Our Indian toothbrush share is at a record, up almost 4 full points on a year-to-date basis. This was as a result of continuous expansion in all segments of the market from value to premium, accompanied by excellent on-the-ground execution of in-store and professional activities. As mentioned in the press release, we saw modest sales growth in Greater China, maintaining our market leadership in toothpaste of over 30% of the market while our nearest competitor has lost almost 2 full share points on a year-to-date basis. A new super strong Colgate brand contributed to our strong results in the low end segment while the continued success of Max Fresh has boosted the higher-priced segment.  So we expect the good momentum in Greater Asia/Africa to continue with volume expected to be at least at third quarter levels in the fourth quarter. Fourth quarter operating profit should be flat or modestly up as compared to a very strong quarter in 2005. Finally, Hill's. Hill's continues to post solid volume growth. Strong growth domestically was fueled by substantial increases in advertising and particularly media, and as a result, we saw strong consumption growth in the large format retailers.  Our international volume was strong as well, and we're delighted that we continue to make inroads in the higher growth markets such as Russia, Taiwan, Australia, and Brazil. In Russia, we've continued to expand our footprint and increase distribution, while consumers now have more disposable income to spend on their pets. So Hill's outlook for the fourth quarter is for good mid single-digit volume growth. Operating profit should be up high single-digits. Now, before turning to Ian to sum up, I would like to mention to you reports that we have posted on our website regarding the American Jobs Creation Act. We prepared and posted this report at the suggestion of the Amalgamated Bank Longview Collective Investment Fund through a Colgate shareholder.  Briefly, Colgate repatriated approximately $780 million of incremental foreign earnings in 2005 under the Act. Colgate has used these funds to strengthen the growth of the Company's U.S. business. The additional cash made available from repatriated funds related to the Act has helped finance investments in the U.S. in advertising and marketing, research and development, capital investments, debt repayment and funding of pension plans, which have contributed to sales and market share growth and strengthened the Company's competitiveness and efficiency in the U.S.  In this way, the Company accomplished the purpose of the Act for the benefit of shareholders, consumers and employees, and a copy of the complete report can be found on our website at www.colgate.com on our Investor Relations web page under Financial Information, Report on American Jobs Creation Act. So now Ian will make a few summary remarks.
Ian Cook: Thank you, Bina. We are extremely pleased with our results for the third quarter and are confident that this good and increasing momentum will continue as we exit 2006. These good results are largely the results of the strategies which we have in place to succeed in what we call winning on the ground. These strategies have us refocusing on the basics of our core business, and allow us to get better and better at the fundamentals. Specifically, we are becoming even more expert in connecting to the consumer, the customer, and the profession; becoming ever more effective and efficient, lowering costs of everything we do; intensifying our focus on innovation worldwide, both in products and all our disciplines and processes; and finally, renewing our efforts to maximize the strength of our next generation of leaders.  As you have seen from today's results, this is all happening. Around the Colgate world, all employees are well aligned with our strategies, and as many of you who have visited a Colgate subsidiary can testify, this results in a positive culture with a real can-do attitude.  Our restructuring, business-building and Colgate business planning trade spending programs are well underway and delivering results. Our market shares and volume growth are healthy worldwide and providing additional leverage to the P&L. So we continue to expect double-digit EPS growth looking out into 2007 and beyond. This concludes our prepared remarks. Let me turn the call back to Bina to take your questions.
Bina Thompson: Yes, Gwen. We're available for Q&A now. You can open up the call.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions)We'll go first to Amy Chasen with Goldman Sachs.
Amy Chasen - Goldman Sachs: First of all, Bina, you mentioned that U.S. consumer takeaway in toothpaste of 9.5%. Two questions on that. Is that all outlet or is that just Nielsen? Secondly, why such a disconnect between that and what you reported? Was there any inventory destocking in the quarter?
Reuben Mark: I'll answer it. It is all outlet and the takeaway is extraordinary and in some of the really big accounts it was even higher than that. A large part of this is reflected in market share. Actually, the inventory in that particular segment of the business came down a bit so that the consumption was higher than the ship-in, and I have an analysis here if you want to go through it in detail, but basically there were a couple points of difference between consumption and shipping in.
Amy Chasen - Goldman Sachs: Is that something that you think ultimately will reverse or is that more along the lines of Wal-Mart's plans to reduce inventory, it's sort of a permanent fixture?
Reuben Mark: We are looking good in the U.S. and worldwide, good fourth quarter toothpaste volume. We're running actually worldwide a bit ahead of par. But, so it's going to be tough to tease out, but I think you should see these good volume trends continue.
Amy Chasen - Goldman Sachs: Okay. But potentially staying a little bit less than takeaway?
Reuben Mark: By definition, that's got to end sometime, as you know, Amy. But probably it will be so in the fourth quarter but less so.
Amy Chasen - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Great. Can you also just run through more specifically the gross margin drivers like you normally do and specifically I'm interested in whether you saw any benefit in gross margin from the reduction in trade spending?
Reuben Mark: Okay. In the gross margin comparing to last year, as you know, it went up 140 basis points. About a year ago, Amy, you recall that we raised our target from 50 to 100, from 75 to 125. We're pleased that we did that and we expect to do better. The restructuring gave us 60 basis points. Pricing gave us 80 basis points. Material prices were down 170, and basically the savings were up eight-tenths to one-tenths, which when you add those all together, come out to the 1.4.
Amy Chasen - Goldman Sachs: I'm sorry, the savings you're referring to, what?
Reuben Mark: The combined savings, which is ex-structuring, which is funding the growth, a small indefinable, but a small amount of the business planning, which everybody's shaking their heads no, but I insist there's some in there, because it really hasn't started yet; but basically all the various savings programs that we have worldwide.
Amy Chasen - Goldman Sachs: I'm sorry, but Reuben, I apologize. Restructuring, I thought you said was 60 basis points.
Reuben Mark: That's correct.
Amy Chasen - Goldman Sachs: Then you went into pricing of 80, materials down 170, and then you said combined savings of 0.8. Does that include the 60?
Reuben Mark: I probably misspoke. That is the net of all of those figures. That's the net of all of those figures. Then there's a minor adjustment for mixed divestments, et cetera, and that's the difference between the 55.1 last year and the 56.5 with a 0.8 in pricing. I miscalled the thin edge savings from pricing. So it's 0.8, 0.8 minus 0.2. 0.8 in pricing, 0.8 plus in total of funding the growth, material prices and restructuring, and a negative 2 from miscellaneous divestments and so on and so forth. You got that now?
Amy Chasen - Goldman Sachs: No, I'm thoroughly confused but I think I'm just going to follow up with Bina afterwards because I'm afraid that it might take too long to get me unconfused.
Reuben Mark: Not, but it was my fault. Instead of the price line, I read the net savings line. So overall pricing contributed 80. We started with 55.1 last year, third quarter. We add 80 basis points from pricing. We add 60 basis points from restructuring, 190 basis points for funding the growth, negative 170 from material prices, which parenthetically give you 0.80, 80 basis points positive from net savings.  There's a minor negative of 0.2 from mix and divestments and so on and so forth, and that brings you to the 56.5 or the 140 basis points more. If I explained it that way from the beginning, it would have been less confusing. My apologies.
Amy Chasen - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Great. You said that everybody was shaking their head when they said that there was no benefit from the trade promotion but I remember in the last one or two quarters that there actually have been some benefits from that plan. So I guess I'm surprised to hear that if anything, those didn't accelerate and that, in fact, there was no benefit from that or very little benefit.
Reuben Mark: There is certainly benefit, and again, there's some contention. For example, as you know, promotion spending was up in the U.S. in the defense plan that was put into effect. I think there are certain parties who believe strongly that it would have been substantially more. Or put another way, there were savings that we were able to reinvest in the U.S. from the business planning.  It's very difficult to tease that out. The net result is, is our gross margin went up in the United States by a modest amount, as I recall 10 or 20 basis points, even with that heavier defensive spending.  In Latin America, my guess is in Mexico and elsewhere, that we did receive some benefit. If, later on, Amy, I'm sure somebody else will ask a question on business planning. I'll talk a little bit about it more fully then or I can do it now. But to give somebody else a shot, let's do that and if nobody asks, I'll come back to it.
Amy Chasen - Goldman Sachs: Fine, fair enough. Thank you.
Reuben Mark: Thanks, Amy.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Laura Lieberman with Lehman Brothers.
Laura Lieberman - Lehman Brothers: Thanks. Good morning. On the investment spending and marketing, advertising, media and so on, I'm guessing that it had to have been up very significantly to have this kind of upside to gross margin and then operating margins come out where they did. So can you maybe give some specificity around just how much spending was up in the quarter?
Reuben Mark: How much advertising spending?
Laura Lieberman - Lehman Brothers: Yes. Advertising, media, all that good stuff.
Reuben Mark: Okay. Well, on an overall basis, the advertising in the P&L, which is, of course, media and certain minor elements of promotion, was up 11.8%, which increases the percentage to sales by about 0.5 point. So yes, it was up more than sales. Spending was up in every division, probably more from an overall commercial investment point of view in the United States, than elsewhere.  However, as I say, the, interestingly that in the U.S., which if you net out the divestment, volume grew about 5%, with that extra spending and without the profit of the detergents, EBIT was still up, which we were quite pleased with.
Laura Lieberman - Lehman Brothers: So if I look outside of the U.S. knowing there was the defensive spending and so on, and think about other divisions where you really ramped up advertising spending maybe a bit more than you have in the past, which divisions are those? Because I'm looking at Latin America as an example, and thinking back to a couple quarters ago when everybody was beating you up for the margin thing down in Latin America, and you kept saying we're reinvesting, and if you look at the results today, it's pretty clear that that paid off over time. So what are the divisions I should be looking at that way today?
Reuben Mark: Well, I think you could, to a certain extent, look at the world, but taking a look at Latin America and I'll do the same thing for Asia, if you want. Gross margin in Latin America, between the first quarter of last year when it was about just under 51%, right now it's over 54%, and we would expect next year to be that or slightly higher. So that what we're able to do is spend additional money, but at the same time get price increases which are totally offsetting of local inflation and, therefore, the overall profitability increases.
Laura Lieberman - Lehman Brothers: Okay. It would be great if you can do the same thing on Asia.
Reuben Mark: I can do the same analysis in Asia/Africa, which basically says from a gross profit point of view, we went from the first quarter of last year and the first quarter was not unusually low, but 48.5 gross profit in Asia/Africa, to a third quarter actual of 51 -- am I supposed to give these out?
Bina Thompson: No.
Laura Lieberman - Lehman Brothers: I didn't think so.
Reuben Mark: Okay, I'm sorry. But anyway, I just looked up and there was a grim expression on Bina's face. Sorry, I shouldn't have been doing that, Lauren. But basically what's happening is that the margin, has temporarily leveled in the United States because of this defensive program, elsewhere is going up at a rate that allows us to increase spending and increase operating profitability.
Laura Lieberman - Lehman Brothers: Okay, great. Thank you.
Reuben Mark: Thanks, Laura.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Bill Pecoriello with Morgan Stanley.
Bill Pecoriello - Morgan Stanley: Good morning. First question was on China. Many of the CPG companies have been talking about a slowdown recently, especially in Shanghai. Are you seeing that, and is it concentrated around Shanghai? Is it anything to do with large format retail?
Reuben Mark: I can only tell you overall that our Greater China sales are up, as you saw, I think it was in the major markets, about 4% and volume is up about 1%. I can't tell you whether that was slower than it was the last couple of years to be sure, but I can't tell you whether it's concentrated. It's not isolated. It's not isolated.
Bill Pecoriello - Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. Next question on North America. Should we expect the same type level of defensive spending in Q4 as we saw in Q3, and any news on the oral care front, you refer in your release to the pipeline? Should we see anything into Q4 on the North America pipeline there?
Reuben Mark: Okay. In North America, I'll translate your question, Bill, into operating profit. We do expect spending to be strong in the fourth quarter in the U.S. We expect volume to be good and we expect operating profit to be up modestly.  So basically continuing as before, I guess you see the effects in your mark-to-market shares you see about what effect that is having versus us and versus competition. I'm sure you noticed, Bina said that our market shares in the United States, both on a year-to-date basis and in the third quarter, were actually up versus last year, not down, and that certainly is extremely encouraging.
Bill Pecoriello - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And just the last one, when you had mentioned the funding the growth, the 190 basis points was a nice acceleration over prior quarter. Was anything particular driving that?
Reuben Mark: Well, again, as I guess Ian said and Bina referred to it, the two gentlemen sitting with us in the meeting here, Ian and Javier, have for the last couple of years been first initiating and then implementing this strategy which really does focus on efficiency and effectiveness in everything we do, and we're seeing increasing momentum in the generation of savings and new alternatives.  We, I think we talked about the restructuring very quickly, but for example, in a review of restructuring just a little while ago, we see that the charge for the restructuring is going to be right in the middle of the range that looks like that we had originally given you guys, but the savings are going to be top it. So that seems to be repeated increasingly in the various programs that we have built up over the years and the new ones as well.
Bill Pecoriello - Morgan Stanley: Great, thank you.
Reuben Mark: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: We'll go next to Wendy Nicholson with Citigroup.
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup: Hi, good morning. My question relates to the operating margin in the North American business over the long run. Because that's the only region, I think, that we've seen kind of steady margin compression over the last four years. And I wonder if either just the competitive environment has changed so much that that's going to be a permanently lower margin business, or whether your restructuring savings are going to kick in more next year?  And Bina, I wasn't clear from your guidance whether '07 was going to see more profit growth than sales growth or just more profit growth than '06? So in other words, are margins going up in '07 or not?
Reuben Mark: In what part of the world?
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup: All in North America.
Reuben Mark: Okay, let's talk about it. Our operating profit, if you take out the restructuring and so on, last year was 20%, we're allowed to give this? Yes. And this year will be a little higher than that, at least 50 basis points, maybe more, as a percentage of sales.
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup: I'm just looking at the U.S., the North American business.
Reuben Mark: I know. I want to put that, Wendy, in to context of how the U.S.., how North America does relative to the world. So forgive me. North America, last year, was 21.7 so that is somewhat higher. This year, yes, you're right, it is down but it's down, our expectations are that it will be 21.3, 21.4, 21.2, in that range, so that it's only modestly below what it was last year and this is in a situation where there's a heavy defensive plan, which one would guess will not be repeated next year.  We do expect next year for the operating profit in North America to be, no pun intended, north of where it is this year, absolutely and as a percentage of sales.
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup: Okay. Just because I guess what I'm looking at, if I go back to '02, '03, which was your peak operating margin years, your U.S. business had an operating margin close to 300 basis points higher than it is now. Every other region has seen your margins go up. The U.S. has not. I'm just wondering, as I look out, this is more of a long-term question.  Just to clarify, the detergent divestiture, that was a lower operating margin business than your other businesses, I think, but despite that divestiture, your margins are still down. So I'm wondering over the next three to five years, do we get back to that 24% operating margin in the U.S. or are things just so competitive now that that that's a lower operating margin business permanently?
Reuben Mark: I think there are other factors at work. The operating profit on detergents was a full 600 to 800 I'm guessing, but at least 600 to 800 basis points below the overall division. But there was a couple things going on, especially in 2002, 2003 and that was the phenomenon of Simply White, which you may recall, seduced us a little and we ran after it with a margin, you tell me, of 80%.  So if you subtracted out that artificial bump, that I think you will see that operating profit percent, even with this heavy expenditure this year, has been headed north, if you take it out. At worst, flat. And we'll push those numbers for you, which was one of the reasons perhaps we chased that a bit because it was such high margin.
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup: Fair enough. Okay, that's very helpful.
Reuben Mark: But we would expect, I can tell you that Ian is going to be disappointed and I'm going to be disappointed and Javier's going to be disappointed if we are not next year at least 100 basis points better in profitability in the U.S., North America, than this year.
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup: Even if you have a big new product launch and you advertise like crazy?
Reuben Mark: Yes.
Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup: Okay. Sound good. Thanks.
Reuben Mark: Thanks, Wendy.
Operator: We'll go next to Nik Modi with UBS.
Nik Modi - UBS: Good morning, everyone. You seemed to have gained a lot of share, I'm just curious, where are you sourcing a lot of those share gains from, are these coming from the local smaller tertiary players or can you give us some color on that?
Reuben Mark: Well, Nik, let me tell you, it depends where you're asking that question. In the United States, we are up, take those toothpaste figures I gave to Wendy or Bill a few moments ago, that we're up but our main competition is also up and several of the other brands have fallen.
Nik Modi - UBS: Yes.
Reuben Mark: If you look at Mexico, Mexico's back up at an 82-plus share. That did come out of basically the only other brand down there, and they fell below double digits. I think it depends individually on the country, but our worldwide growth in oral care -- I don't think that was mentioned yet -- but it was I must say, quite impressive. This says that in the third quarter, oral care grew in sales 10%, and if you include GABA, 11.3, and that's extraordinary. For the full year or the nine months anyway, it's about the same, 10.8%.  So the source of it is, it depends on the competitive situation. There are 200 countries and it depends on the individual country. A considerable amount is coming from the fact that we've been able to invest considerably more with all these savings programs going on and market building activities, the professional activities that Bina and Ian mentioned, and dental recommendations are up and all the basic stuff that builds these businesses worldwide.
Nik Modi - UBS: Great. That's it for me. Thank you.
Reuben Mark: Thanks, Nik.
Operator: We'll go next to Bill Chappell with Suntrust Robinson Humphrey.
Bill Chappell - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Good morning. Quick follow-up on the U.S. toothpaste share. Can you just tell us how it trended during the quarter and also you might have broken this out, but what percentage was Tom's for the quarter?
Reuben Mark: Tom's is about a 1.5%, is it not? But the last market share that I recall, and we get them weekly, was 37.67.
Bill Chappell - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay, great.
Reuben Mark: Hang on a second. 37.9, somebody just handed me a piece of paper, which is pretty darn good.
Bill Chappell - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: So it actually trended up during the quarter?
Reuben Mark: The last share was high, yes.
Bill Chappell - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Great. And then second, I think there was a comment by Ian maybe at a conference earlier in the quarter about the forecasted baked in maybe $74, $75 oil for next year. Is there any way to quantify what benefit you would have with oil in the 50s?
Reuben Mark: Yes. We had originally sent out our budget preparations on $75 oil, as we mentioned to you at the time. We obviously look at all the alternatives that would lead to a raw packaging material increase next year of between 2.5% and 3%. If it's at $65 a barrel, that brings us down to 1.4% and although we haven't run the numbers because if it's down at $55 or $60, it obviously would be lower as well. Every $2 a barrel represents $0.01 a share for us on a rough calculation.
Bill Chappell - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay, that's great. Thank you so much.
Reuben Mark: Okay. Thanks, Bill.
Operator: We'll go next to Christopher Ferrara with Merrill Lynch.
Christopher Ferrara - Merrill Lynch: Hi guys, just sort of longer term in nature. When I look at your gross margin walk that you guys do and you see restructuring giving you 60 basis points and probably getting better, funding the growth when you include the gross net improvement, looking very robust and growing and then you look at the one component, raw mats down 170, that probably doesn't stay there. So my question is, where do you find incremental spending programs to avoid the over-earning that you might have seen in the late 90s? Can you find $120 million of incremental investment projects or can you really see EPS get a lot more robust from here?
Reuben Mark: The question is, do we, instead of getting 13, 14, 15, 16% earnings, do we get 24% earnings? Probably not, simply because nothing ever goes precisely the way you plan it, and Number 2, there are not insatiable, but virtually insatiable ways to invest that money in the business that will generate a good return.  We're finding, as I believe a couple people observed already, that we are getting some wonderfully nice paybacks from these increase in back to basics. So are you saying are we going to suddenly grow 25%? Unlikely. That's not our history. We have a whole, quite sophisticated process of releasing funds and making sure the advertising is at the level it should be and so on. And it's not the kind of business that's designed to have windfalls and hopefully no pratfalls as well. So unlikely, but I got to say that the estimated range as I see it from all you guys for next year is from 9% to 15%, and since we've been talking about double-digit, I don't think it will be near the bottom of the range. I think we are expecting to see, we had said, I think in 2004, that 2005 would be a high single-digit. It turned out about 9.5%. We said this year would be double digit. It's turned out or going to turn out to be, we think, 13.5% or whatever that is, whatever the number is that you guys are estimating, and I think that trend will continue. That's about the same actually we did for many years previously.
Christopher Ferrara - Merrill Lynch: Great, that's really helpful. Just one other, I guess. Last quarter you guys had said your top ten accounts I guess were up about 16% and that clearly outpaces the rest of the business. Is there something longer term in nature? Are you seeing more of a channel shift to the big box retailers than are some of your competition, I guess on a global basis?
Reuben Mark: I couldn't tell you that, but I can tell you that that trend is continuing. The top ten accounts will of course was a U.S. calculation, Chris, but again, if you look at this quarter, the top ten accounts, their case volume was up by 10%. The rest of the country was up by a couple percent. So that's continuing.  My sense is that the market shares in some of the original big box stores whereby they lagged a little bit on our national market share, now are catching up. 
Christopher Ferrara - Merrill Lynch: Please elaborate more.
Reuben Mark: No, after leaving the building last night, I ran into the gentleman who runs our Wal-Mart business in the United States and he waxed quite enthusiastically about what was going on. Interestingly, his take on the takeaway, on the consumption out of Wal-Mart, was even higher than the overall figures we had talked about before.
Christopher Ferrara - Merrill Lynch: Got it. Thanks a lot. I appreciate it.
Reuben Mark: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: We'll go next to John Faucher with JP Morgan.
John Faucher - JP Morgan: Yes, thank you very much. Following up on Laura's comment about Latin America and looking at the huge margin expansion there, but your commentary says that the advertising expense was up a ton as well. Can you maybe give us an idea about share of voice in Latin America? Because it seems like you probably have to be raising that pretty dramatically given the dollar spending levels. So it seems like that's going up, despite the fact that you're seeing this huge margin expansion.
Reuben Mark: I think you have to look at it by category. Because we are, if you take Mexico, we're the leaders in many categories. We have, as you previously noted, these enormous market share. In toothpaste, my recollection is the figure used was 77% or 78% for the entire division. So in most places, our share of voice is about where you would want it. When we spend money in toothpaste, it's devoted more now to getting the dental recommendations even higher, developing the market so that more people consume more toothpaste and so on. Because you don't want to go too high.  On the other hand, categories that are in development like body wash and like fabric softeners and so on, it can stand more money so it's a productive use of the money. But answer is yes, spending is up, and yet at the same time, operating profit, gross profit and operating profit is up as a percent.
John Faucher - JP Morgan: Okay, so you would say that on the toothpaste side at least, probably your media spending, your media share voice is probably static, let's say, but it's the dental professional piece that's really causing the greater acceleration there, is that a fair comment?
Reuben Mark: I couldn't; there are 34 countries or whatever there are in Latin America, so I would have difficulty generalizing, but where we are not wanting for media money, let me put it that way. If anything media is indeed up substantially in Latin America, media as a portion of advertising. Last year, media was up over 20%. This year it's going to be up throughout all of Latin America, essentially the same and will probably be up although somewhat less next year.  I guess what we are seeing is the overall business is benefiting so much, not just the toothpaste, but is benefiting so much from that, that it appears to be a very good payback.
John Faucher - JP Morgan: Okay. Thank you.
Reuben Mark: Good. Thanks, John.
Operator: We'll go next to Linda Bolton Weiser with Oppenheimer.
Linda Bolton Weiser - Oppenheimer: Thank you. I just wanted to ask you first about the inventory increase. I think it was up about 12% year-over-year. Is that just related to the situation in the channel with the inventory reductions there or is there something else going on?  Secondly, I wanted to ask you about innovation. I think when you announced the restructuring plan, you had specific points whereby you would be changing some of the innovation processes and improving upon that. We still haven't seen, in my view, any new products that really offer the consumer something that doesn't exist already on the market. So are you foreseeing there to be some new products of that type coming up in '07 or can you comment on that, please?
Reuben Mark: Okay, Linda. The fact that the trade inventory has been altered, has changed a bit, has gone down actually, really wouldn't affect our inventories. Our inventories are up not so much to the comments we made in the last several quarters, is that we are closing, as you know, a number of factories around the world in conjunction with our 2004 restructuring. We are building in eastern Europe and the United States and various places, greenfield sites.  As that transition takes place, we obviously are having extra inventory to make sure that we don't go out of stock. In this country, for example, as you know, this year, two of our big historic plants, one in Kansas City and one in Jeffersonville, Indiana, are being closed and the production is being transitioned elsewhere and so that incorporated a bit of inventory build. And it's largely, if not completely, attributable to that. The other aspect is that I think, Linda, we've been able to build our organic growth up to, again the numbers say 9.5% sales growth and 8% volume growth on an apples-to-apples basis, that says that we are doing a pretty good job of launching new products and so on, I think. There is a full new product pipeline. I'm not sure that I know precisely what you mean about an innovative new product, we have right now Max Fresh on a worldwide basis, and in this country, is doing better than the famous competitive entry, and we are doing, I think, and these guys sitting in front of me are doing it, a very good job on new products.  I had looked for having done this for a considerable time, I try to find something that I would be upset about or concerned about in this performance. It was difficult to do, but I guess you could name that as that we have not launched a new product that is the Penicillin of the age.
Linda Bolton Weiser - Oppenheimer: Okay. Can I ask --
Reuben Mark: Linda, that was not a satisfactory answer. Would you explore that a little? Tell me what you'd like to know. We have a full new products program. We are gaining market share in the key categories, and I think Ian and Javier can talk a bit about the innovation programs. 
Ian Cook: This is Ian. My comment would be a little bit to what Reuben was saying. We seek to bring innovations that fit with people's behavior and satisfy a need that they build into their everyday use because that's what builds market share over time. We have substantially increased our focus on investment on trying to increase our probability of finding those ideas, increasing the number of people that we have in our ten innovation centers around the word, establishing two new long-term innovation centers, one in oral care and one on Hill's Pet Nutrition here in New York; fostering external partnerships with innovation agencies and research institutes like the Forsythe Institute that we have announced before, and even establishing what we call a big hits process that sees Javier and I managing the development of the 10 or 12 major initiatives that we think have over $100 million in sales potential globally.  So we're doing all of that, but the distillation of it is in the steady building of our market shares as we bring products that fit consumer needs and fit into their behaviors, and that's what we're focused on. So it's the fundamentals and the fundamentals done better.
Linda Bolton Weiser - Oppenheimer: Okay. Well, does it have to do with how you view return on invested capital for groundbreaking innovation versus more incremental changes to the products?
Reuben Mark: No.
Linda Bolton Weiser - Oppenheimer: Okay.
Reuben Mark: I mean, it really doesn't. It really doesn't.
Linda Bolton Weiser - Oppenheimer: Okay.
Reuben Mark: Thanks.
Linda Bolton Weiser - Oppenheimer: Okay, thanks.
Operator: We'll go next to Sandy Beebee with HSBC.
Sandy Beebee - HSBC: Good morning, or I guess this is still good morning. Basically I had just one or two quick follow-ups. The performance in Latin America in 2006 has just been so incredible, and I want to get a sense of what your outlook is for the sustainability of a strong volume performance in 2007? I guess what I'm thinking about this, you guys have such strong market shares that I can't imagine that the volume of oral care in Latin America is growing by 12%, for instance. So can we get a better sense of maybe which categories this performance is coming from? I had one other question just on typically when you have a pretty big launch against you and you're mounting a pretty big defense, how long does it take before you feel pretty comfortable that the aggressive spending is enough to cement the shares that you have? So at what stage can we start to see in 2007 the North American profit growth start to accelerate?
Reuben Mark: I think you can expect, Sandy, that next year, although our budget's not complete yet, our budget is going to, I think, say in the United States that profitability next year will grow somewhat faster than sales, and they're budgeting a pretty good sales year. As I said a little earlier in response to a different question, that that should give us at least 100 basis points, maybe more, up to about at least 22% profitability, operating profitability in the U.S. Going back to your first point. Actually, interestingly enough, the oral care growth in Latin America was indeed more than 12%. Toothpaste was up 17% and toothbrushes were up very substantially as well for the nine months, again, those figures are about the same. Oral care is up in sales in the Latin America substantially, and while we don't have a budget yet, I will bet you that we will be looking at a very substantial budget for next year.
Sandy Beebee - HSBC: Okay, great. Then just on a follow-up.
Reuben Mark: Excuse me. An interesting bit of analysis that was done which was looking at price and what that showed was that in Latin America and Asia, which are the, of course the developing parts of the world, that in this quarter, for example, there was inflation of 4%. Coincidently, or not so coincidentally, when you add it all up, our prices went up 4%. Essentially, the same thing happened, different numbers obviously, in Asia. So part of the sales growth has to do with price increases down there, but the volume underlying it is very strong as well. And another aspect, if I could, Sandy, that especially in the developing areas of the word, Total, products like Total which are premium-priced and especially Total, are having a bigger part of the mix and much of our incremental advertising and so on is spent on that so that the margins are higher, the sales dollars per case are higher, and so on.  I mean, none of this is accidental, obviously. It's pretty much in line with Ian's response to Linda, is that we have a very big business in Colgate Total and our job is to make it even bigger because it's extremely profitable.
Sandy Beebee - HSBC: Great. That was really helpful. But just one follow-up on the North American question.
Reuben Mark: Sure.
Sandy Beebee - HSBC: What gives you comfort that as the promotional activity on your part starts to abate that you don't start to see the very good volume growth that you've had start to decelerate?
Reuben Mark: Well, simply because first of all, even with the promotional activity, Sandy, don't forget our gross profit is up slightly in the U.S. That's encouraging. And actually, our profitability this year, with all the spending, our operating profitability is only down as we talked a moment ago with Wendy, about 30 or 40 basis points.  So who knows? I have before me a graph that shows our market share in the United States and that has basically gone up over the period which is from the beginning of the year to now. We're seeing it go up. There is some promotional correlation but not a heck of a lot, and that you have to tell me how the threat, any threat that is there from competition is going to affect us.  So far we are quite pleased with the results of the plan and you have to talk to our competition to find out how pleased they are, but we are very pleased with how things are going.
Sandy Beebee - HSBC: Thank you very much.
Operator: We'll go next to Bill Schmitz with Deutsche Bank.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Hi, good morning. I know Proctor talks about this a lot and I think you guys have concurred, what happened to this piece in oral care that everybody's talking about where they say like we have 70% of the share together and there's 30% out there that we can go after, that some of the sort of tertiary players have. So if you look at the percent of sales on promotion, it keeps going up. There's a 10 point delta between you and P&G. And also the year-over-year price per volume which should be going up because of the mix keeps going down. So is there any sort of color on what's going on there?
Reuben Mark: Well, I didn't make that statement. I think perhaps someone else did.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: I thought you've concurred though in the past.
Reuben Mark: Yes, but if somebody is trying to take away our breakfast, we are not going to permit that to happen. So we told you that we're not going to permit it to happen and we told you why we are not letting it happen and now it's not happened. So I think go out to the Midwest and talk to them and see what happens.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Then just a quick follow-up.
Reuben Mark: All that being said, Bill, and you know, there's no antitrust aspects to that, but let me say that again don't forget that despite all that, all the spending and everything else, the gross profit is up, absolutely and as a percentage of sales, and the EBIT, if you take out the detergent aspect, grew about 6% in the U.S. So my own sense is that's pretty good, and I think that we will see -- as you know, the new entry by Proctor and Gamble is priced substantially above Total.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Sure.
Reuben Mark: So that's a factor in the promotional aspect.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Got it. Then just to follow-up, it's halcyon days right now it seems for home care and personal care, and you guys don't spend a lot of time talking about those businesses which are pretty darn good in a lot of regions. Is that going to be a bigger focus going into 2007?
Reuben Mark: Well, the businesses are good and I think we're quite responsive to what you guys talk about and you've been talking about U.S. entry and the other businesses are growing quite well. The personal care business for the third quarter worldwide grew 7.5%. Home care business grew just under 10% for the nine months. Again, good mid single-digits at least in both and we do a lot of work on those behind the scenes and the results are quite good.  The one business, as you know, that was not a long-term healthy business for us was detergents, and while we're not totally out of them, we are largely out of them.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Okay, that's helpful. It just seems that oral care is 30% of sales but 90% of sentiment in conversation and I wonder why that is.
Reuben Mark: I think it's a good question. You ought to ask around.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Okay, I will. Thanks, Reuben.
Reuben Mark: Thanks.
Operator: We'll go next to Joe Altobello with CIBC World Markets.
Joe Altobello - CIBC World Markets: Thanks. First a quick question on Tom's of Maine, if I could. I think when you guys bought that business, you had talked about distribution opportunities.
Reuben Mark: I'm sorry, Joe, could you either lean into the phone or do some -- you're garbled a bit.
Joe Altobello - CIBC World Markets: Sure, can you hear me better?
Reuben Mark: A little bit, yes.
Joe Altobello - CIBC World Markets: On Tom's of Maine, the distribution opportunities, could you update us there on what you've seen so far?
Reuben Mark: Okay. In the results that just published on a worldwide basis, Tom's of Maine, while it's a very important strategy for us contributed I think 30 basis points to the overall 10% growth on an apples-to-apples basis. It's doing very well. The presentation we made to our board of directors when we wanted to enter into the partnership with Tom's of Maine, actually yesterday we had an opportunity to review those figures and we are doing better on both top and bottom line than was presented, and we're quite pleased with that. And there's been a significant interchange of ideas and people, and it's going very well.
Joe Altobello - CIBC World Markets: It's clearly a very small part of the business but it was leading to a broader question. Have you guys changed your thought process when it comes to acquisitions? I think in the past you've sort of done them when they become available; but is that going to be a more integral part of your growth going forward?
Reuben Mark: If the question is, Joe, are we going to chase acquisitions? The answer is no. This is yet another example of going back to, I guess it was Sandy's question, that we are able to generate very substantial organic growth with our own resources in our own categories that we know very well and we know how to make them profitable. So when something like a GABA or a Tom's of Maine or other products that can add to our worldwide presence in a category that we are familiar with and believe in and is part of our strategy, we will move on it.  But I think we are very content that we can generate very good volume, better than historical levels in our existing businesses. And Joe, with John, I was kidding back and forth, what the meaning of John's name was in French and your name means tall and handsome, right?
Joe Altobello - CIBC World Markets: Yes.
Reuben Mark: You should know that my nickname in Latin America is little, short and bald, so you should just know that.
Joe Altobello - CIBC World Markets: Good to know. Thanks a lot.
Reuben Mark: Okay.
Operator: We'll go next to Alice Longley with Buckingham Research.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: Hi there. Could you break out your growth in Central and Eastern Europe in volume and profits?
Reuben Mark: Well, we don't normally do that. I can tell you that as an area, the results are strong. For example, taking Russia, which is now a substantial business of -- well, but she said east and central Europe -- oh, oh, okay. Good, I'm sorry.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: I didn't hear what Bina said, but I am interested in Russia.
Reuben Mark: Okay. We'll talk about Russia. Alice, Russia's doing well. It's up strong double-digit in both sales and earnings, and it's a couple hundred million business now and doing very well. The other countries there overall, volume is up essentially everywhere as I recall, and during quarter for what it's worth, we bought out minority partners in Poland and Romania. A small portion of those, 15% or thereabouts, was owned by local people and now we're sole owners.  Business is doing well but Western Europe did better than we expected. The only remaining soft spot is Germany, but France and the southern parts of Europe did better than we anticipated.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: If I took that whole European division, roughly what percentage of it would you classify as developing markets?
Reuben Mark: Well, as you know, Australia's in the European division, so it depends on your point of view about Australia. There are Australians in the company management, it was just a joke. My guess is I would say on a revenue basis, since Russia is no longer in there, that was a big chunk, it would be 20% or less as developing markets.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: Okay. So we take that and add Russia. And then on a different topic, the 5.5% volume growth for North America, does that include Tom's?
Reuben Mark: Say that again, Alice. I'm sorry.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: Did your 5.5% volume growth in North America include Tom's? I know it excludes divestitures, but does it include Tom's?
Reuben Mark: Yes.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: Could you tell us what volume would have been and profits would have been in North America without Tom's?
Reuben Mark: Profits? Did you say profits?
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: Volume and profits. I could back out volume myself, I guess.
Reuben Mark: Yes, it represents about a 1.5% of the 1.5 points of the growth, profits, we don't give that. But one would guess that it's -- well, apparently one shouldn't guess.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: When you said consumer takeaway was up 9.3%, is that including Tom's?
Reuben Mark: No.
Alice Longley - Buckingham Research: No? Okay, great. Thanks.
Reuben Mark: Thanks, Alice.
Operator: We'll go next to Alec Patterson with RCM.
Alec Patterson - RCM: Yes, I'll try to be quick here. Options expense was $0.04 in third quarter. What does fourth quarter looking like?
Reuben Mark: Well, for the year, Alec, we have $0.09 or $0.10. It adds up to be $0.08 so far -- $0.02, $0.02 and $0.04, so that means it's $0.01 or $0.02 for the fourth quarter. There's some rounding involved but it will be $0.01 or $0.02. The reason why, we perhaps explained this, but is that our options are granted every year on the same date, which is the board meeting in the third quarter, so the charge will always be bigger in the third quarter. And next year, you could expect the same pattern, obviously.
Alec Patterson - RCM: Okay. And the tax rate on fourth quarter?
Reuben Mark: Again, we're thinking 31% to 32%. It will probably be in that range.
Alec Patterson - RCM: The 170 basis points raw material impact on gross margins actually was a bit of an accelerated rate of impact and I presume that was predominantly because of oil prices. Were there any other factors?
Reuben Mark: Not really. Again, oil directly affects only a third of our raw materials and partially a second third and not at all a third third. But nonetheless, when it was as high as it was, it did affect somewhat. Because there are different lag times and different filtering times for it to get through. The only thing is that obviously we're substantially happier at oil at $59 than we were at oil at $70-plus.
Alec Patterson - RCM: So put another way, Reuben, it wasn't anything else that started to run up on you that kept the raw material impact elevated? It's just mostly oil?
Reuben Mark: No. No. And if you look at it for the whole year, the fact that we had budgeted, as I recall, just under 2% raw material cost increases in 2006, and it's coming in at 0.7 and 0.8, that's really good. We've been able to find either prices have been reduced or in most cases we've been able to get them down one way or the other.
Alec Patterson - RCM: All right. Say the full year raw material increase in cost is, I'm sorry, what?
Reuben Mark: Yes, is that we had budgeted 1.7%, this is Hill's and Colgate, 1.7%. Our current estimate, taking into account everything, is the actual is going to be up 0.8.
Alec Patterson - RCM: Okay. And just make sure I got the right idea here, the 1.7%, this is not 170 basis points impact to gross margins, it's the actual raw materials cost increase?
Reuben Mark: Let me give you some history, Alec, is that in 2004 versus 2003, our total Company raw impact materials were up 3.7%. In 2005 versus 2004, same thing, we're up 3.8%. We had budgeted 1.7% up for 2006, and it looks like it's coming in at 0.8%. Now, incorporated in that is all the effect of our savings programs and options and all the various things that go into it, but that's encouraging.
Alec Patterson - RCM: I guess I want to make sure that this 1.7%, I don't want to confuse it with the 170 basis point number you talk about in the gross margin breakdown?
Reuben Mark: That's right. It's a factor in it, but it's apples and oranges. It's a different kind of calculation. It's not a percentage of sales. It's an absolute, we spend X number of billions of dollars on raw impact materials this year, next year we spend X billion plus 1.7%.
Alec Patterson - RCM: Lastly, Europe in the total number which I know now includes Australia and New Zealand, seems to be doing better. You suggested such earlier. Is that just something that is a good/better consumer backdrop in these markets? Do you expect this to continue, i.e., this sort of accelerated run rate on volumes might sustain or was there something unusual related to product launches in the quarter?
Reuben Mark: We do expect a reasonably good progress for those developed area to continue into the fourth quarter, and we haven't seen the budget next year but I think you'll see a good fourth quarter in Europe/South Pacific and they have indeed started off, Joe, pretty well.
Alec Patterson - RCM: Thanks, Alec. Why don't we have, say, two more questions, if there are two more?
Operator: We'll go next to Connie Maneaty with Prudential.
Connie Maneaty - Prudential: Hi. Just a question on the restructuring. Are restructuring savings now exceeding the costs of your program? And if not, when in 2007 might you hit that tipping point?
Reuben Mark: Well, you'll recall originally that it was going to be a cost of $550 million to $650 million, and savings from $250 million to $300 million. So it would just be a quirk of timing. I mean, the rate of return is terrific, but it's not over 100%.
Connie Maneaty - Prudential: Right.
Reuben Mark: So there would never be a point, I don't believe, at which the savings would exceed the charge. Correct? Yes. So Connie, so to rephrase your question, then, the savings are accelerating. Let me be, if you want me to be; I don't know how specific I can be, I guess I can be fairly specific, that the charge in the third quarter, as you know, was $58 million, $59 million. We expect that the charge will go up somewhat off that level in the fourth quarter, and that will bring the charge for this year slightly below $300 million. The savings in this quarter were just under $20 million and will be $20 million or more in the fourth quarter. This year the total savings were about $70 million or will be about $70 million, and next year they will be north of $100 million.
Connie Maneaty - Prudential: Okay. But that's very helpful. And since you let this cat out of the bag where you sort of said earnings would be up 13% or 14%, are you talking about the fourth quarter or the full year '06, and is that, on the way you look at it, excluding options and restructuring?
Reuben Mark: Yes.
Connie Maneaty - Prudential: What timeframe are you looking at?
Reuben Mark: Well, my recollection of what I said was that the range of expectations for next year was between 9% and 15%, with a consensus of about 13%, as I recall, 12% or 13%. And that what I was saying was since we are committed to and think we will be hitting double-digit earnings which we have committed to, the part of the range that's below 10% is clearly not valid, which may push it up a slight amount.
Connie Maneaty - Prudential: Okay. So your comment was really related to 2007 instead of 2006?
Reuben Mark: There's a very narrow range in 2006. It's not more than $0.01 or $0.02 from the high to the low, as I recall. I have it here. But it is $0.02, I think, and we're comfortable with the range and the consensus.
Connie Maneaty - Prudential: Great. Thank you very much.
Reuben Mark: Thanks, appreciate it. Can I just take a moment, for whoever is still on the call to talk a bit about this business, Amy's first question which I had said I would come to later, and a few words just because it's really a very interesting thing, and as we've said that this can provide as much benefit to the Company as the restructuring.  The Colgate business planning is designed to be somewhat unique to us, if not totally unique to us, but improves the effectiveness and efficiency in trade spending. That efficiency or effectiveness will show up as higher volume growth, better average selling price, which will lead in turn to gross profit margin.  We, as you know, took our volume expectations up last year from 4 to 7 to 5 to 8 and we took our margin expectations up from 50 to 100, which has been traditionally 75 to 125 basis points. This is a program which will absolutely help us get there. Fortunately, it's essentially incremental to many other things that we're doing. Now, let me tell you what's been going on. We have developed a global standard, this is during this year, for the Colgate business planning process. There are 100 people from 15 countries and six professional functions involved full-time on this worldwide and a heck of a lot more as an important part, but not full-time. We have developed a whole set of internal best practices and we've obviously looked around at external best practices.  We've partnered with SAP to develop a supporting system. We have a detailed change management program, as we do everything, to make it happen on a worldwide basis, on a timely basis. We have preparation workshops in direct trade and event planning and 60 countries have formally launched the program. We've done a return on investment training. I previously told you about the return on investment promotional tool kit that's worldwide available. We've trained, over 1,600 cross-functional individuals have been formally trained, so far more are targeted, educational workshops for all levels of global management, we have Colgate business planning intra, meaning only Colgate people can get on site, which is a place containing tools for learning communications.  Then I have a timetable here which lays out 2006, 2007, 2008, the worldwide expansion of the program. As those of you who follow Colgate for many years know, we tend to do things thoroughly. We might not have the next Penicillin for Linda, but nonetheless we do things like this very methodically and so far we have very great expectations.  You will see it, I think, in continued volume growth, continued availability of funds for advertising, and I think increased profitability. This I happened to come across. It was built by our head of the U.S. company, who reports to Javier on this project, and will keep pushing it, and I thought it was interesting to show you. Okay, next question, sorry.
Operator: We'll go next to Justin Hott - Bear Stearns.
Justin Hott - Bear Stearns: Thanks. You obviously prepared for the launch of Crest Pro Health in the U.S. How are you thinking about the possibility of a global launch of the product?  One other question on that, too. Can you talk a little bit about how the early results on these defensive measure compares to what you've seen historically?
Reuben Mark: Okay. You'll have to talk to Proctor and Gamble about what their plans are. So far, I don't know what their expectations are and you'll have to talk to them. What I do know is we obviously track very closely how that entry is doing week by week by week versus the comparable period of Total, when Total was launched here and in other countries.  When you look at the U.S. launch to compare the two, they're currently at about a third of where we were at the same time. All that being said, we would obviously meet them anywhere that they went. I'm not a great fan of the current administration, but I would repeat whatever it was that he said about when the original terrorist acts started, which is bring 'em on. But I won't say that.  I think we know how to counter competitive entries into the market. I'm sorry, with all the people that are rolling their eyes in the room here. We have done it a lot. It's no guarantee that we'll be successful, but this is our lifeblood. We have done historically very well. I think, in this particular case, our U.S. company has done a very good job and if necessary, we'll do it wherever it's needed.  There are no indications to my knowledge that we already outspend many times in most of the countries outside the United States, or in plenty of them, so that it wouldn't require as much of a scale-up anyplace else. Pardon the wisecracks, Justin.
Justin Hott - Bear Stearns: No, don't worry. Can I just throw in two real quick ones? Since we've been talking about oral care innovation, question on whether or not there are still some subcategories for oral care you'd still be interested in? In particular, I'm wondering about mouthwash now that Listerine has gone somewhere else. Just to wrap up, since this is the last conference call for '06, Reuben, maybe if you could give us any more comments on the 2007 transition? That would be great.
Reuben Mark: We have interest in the entire category and if other opportunities present themselves, we are certainly exploring them and other possibilities. We are already in Europe and other areas of the world a significant mouthwash participant, but clearly not to the extent of Listerine. I think that it has been published that my expectations and the board's expectations are for my retirement in the middle of next year as CEO, and that then I think the expectation is that for a year or two to be determined, I would continue as Chairman of the Board. That remains, has been on track for a number of years and remains on track.
Justin Hott - Bear Stearns: Okay, thank you.
Reuben Mark: Thank you. Appreciate it, Justin. Okay. Any more questions?
Operator: We do have more questions remaining. We'll go next to Jason Gere with A.G. Edwards.
Jason Gere - A.G. Edwards: Thank you. Just a question, I might have missed this earlier, when you were talking about going back to Latin America. Looking at the volume, I think the guidance for the fourth quarter was mid to high single-digits, and certainly had a strong third quarter, but when you look at the prior-year comparison, it's a little bit easier in the fourth quarter. I was wondering if there was anything I was missing why the guidance is a little bit more conservative?
Reuben Mark: I would hope we possibly could do better than that, but that's what the official estimates say and we wouldn't want to over-promise them. They are doing extremely well and who knows, but the outlook for Latin America is tough to imagine. 
Jason Gere - A.G. Edwards: Okay. And then just the last question because I know this call has gone on for a long time.
Reuben Mark: But there's no reason for any degree of pessimism that I can see in Latin America. There's certainly nothing in those numbers. We are, if anything, those numbers which are the official numbers may be conceivably understated but as always, we don't want to commit to something that we can't make.
Jason Gere - A.G. Edwards: Okay, no, that's fair enough. Then next question, sticking to Latin America on the pricing. Last three quarters, the pricing has come down a little bit and maybe part of that is because of the year-over-year comparison. Can you just talk a little bit about the pricing environment in Latin America, also and maybe looking a little bit forward in terms of how the U.S. dollar strengthened versus the Latin American currencies over the last four or five months, and maybe what your outlook is in '07 on a pricing stance? Thank you.
Reuben Mark: Pricing, I think has been up in Latin America. You may have meant exchange, but pricing was up each quarter so far this year and was expected to be up between 4% and 5% for the year and next year would be expected to be up slightly again. That basically offsets the currency devaluation. On a currency basis, which is for Latin America as well, that has been, in this quarter, it was down about 1% and is expected to be about down about the same thing in the fourth quarter.
Jason Gere - A.G. Edwards: Yes, no, no. I meant just keeping the two topics separately, but on the pricing, I think the first quarter pricing was like 6.5, then it went to 5, then I think it was 4 this quarter. If you look at the year-over-year comparisons, obviously the comparisons got tougher, in the third quarter versus the first quarter, so I was just wondering your outlook, do you still see more of that 4% when you look out to '07? Or do you think that because the dollar is strengthening out there, that maybe pricing may end up starting to come down a little bit over time? That's kind of the direction of the question.
Reuben Mark: I wouldn't think so only because, Jason, we had in 2005, the year price increases were 3.9%. This year they're estimated to be about 4.5%. Next year, again, what you budget for price increases since some of it is opportunistic is not necessarily related, but I would guess will be about the same, the same ballpark.
Jason Gere - A.G. Edwards: Okay. Terrific. Thank you.
Reuben Mark: Okay, and just one further thing. For example, it ranged between 1.4% early last year to 5% in the third quarter, so it does bounce around quarter to quarter.
Jason Gere - A.G. Edwards: All right.
Reuben Mark: Thanks a lot.
Operator: We'll take our last question from Linda Bolton Weiser with Oppenheimer.
Linda Bolton Weiser - Oppenheimer: Just the other expense item that's in operating profit, it looked like it was $13 million, excluding charges. That's a little bit lower than it's been trending on a quarterly basis. Is there anything unusual in there affecting it?
Reuben Mark: Nothing unusual. Nothing at all.
Linda Bolton Weiser - Oppenheimer: So might that amount be roughly $13 million again in the fourth quarter of '06?
Reuben Mark: Order of magnitude, that's what we would expect.
Linda Bolton Weiser - Oppenheimer: Okay, thank you.
Reuben Mark: Okay, many thanks. Again, we're pleased to deal with you all and we are pleased with the results and I would expect that going forward we'll continue to see pretty darn good results. So thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you, everyone. That does conclude today's conference.

===== 2006 Q2  (2006-07-25 15:45:00) =====
Executives:
Analysts: Wendy Nicholson - Citigroup Investment Research Amy Chasen  Goldman Sachs Bill Chappell  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Bill Piccariello  Morgan Stanley Christopher Ferrara - Merrill Lynch Alice Longley  Buckingham Research Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Linda Bolton Weiser  Oppenheimer Joe Altobello  CIBC World Markets Constance Maneaty  Prudential Equity Group John Faucher  J.P. Morgan Ryan Bennett  Lehman Brothers Alec Patterson - RCM  Jason Gere - A.G. Edwards & Sons  Ursula Moran - Bear Stearns 
Operator: Good day and welcome to todays Colgate-Palmolive Company second quarter 2006 earnings conference call. Todays call is being recorded and being simulcast live at www.colgate.com. Just as a reminder, there may be a slight delay before the question-and-answer begins due to the web simulcast. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the conference over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson. Please go ahead. 
Bina Thompson: Thanks, Sarah. Good morning everybody, and welcome to our second quarter earnings conference call. With me this morning are Reuben Mark, Chairman and CEO, Ian Cook, President and COO, Javier Teruel, Vice Chairman, Steve Patrick, CFO, Dennis Hickey, Corporate Controller and Ed Filusch, Treasurer.  Our remarks this morning on the second quarter will refer to our results excluding $115.9 million of after-tax charges related to the 2004 restructuring program and an $8.3 million non cash after tax charge, or less than $0.02 per share, in incremental stock compensation expenses due to the adoption of FAS 123R. These items were included in the reported numbers contained in this mornings press release and accompanying financial statements. The reported GAAP results with reconciliation to the results excluding these items are included in the press release and posted on the Investor Relations page of our web site at www.colgate.com.  Comments about expectations will also exclude comparable charges.  And were very pleased with the strong quarter which was detailed in this mornings press release. Ill spend just a few moments on some highlights overall and then review the divisions but before we turn it over to Q&A, Ian Cook would like to make a few remarks concerning our outlook going forward.  Good volume growth across all divisions was supported by strong increases in advertising. Advertising was up absolutely and as a percent of sales in North America, Latin America, Greater Asia/Africa and Hills.  Our gross margin increase of 100 basis was the result of our continued funding the growth program, as well as the incremental benefits now being realized by our restructuring and the start of returns from our promotional efficiency business building program. As Reuben mentioned in the press release, we were able to increase advertising and profitability in the face of significant raw material cost pressure.  Our restructuring program remains on track and we are beginning to see a ramp up in the savings associated with it, as wed indicated to you previously. Overall charges from the program remain in the range of $550 to $650 million after tax, while the expected overall long-term savings remain in the range of $250 to $300 million after tax. As you can imagine, were pleased with the double-digit operating profit and EPS increases and, as Reuben said in the press release, we expect double-digit profit for the remainder of this year and also for next year. While we continue with our share repurchase program, our average diluted share count did not decline year over year in the second quarter as much as it usually does. Our diluted share count actually increased slightly from the first quarter. As you know Colgates share price has performed well recently, which resulted in a higher diluted share count.  So lets turn to the divisions:  North America.  Were very encouraged by the continued strong momentum in North America, and specifically in the U.S. Volume growth excluding divestitures continued to be very strong and is broadly based across categories, with particularly good growth in our high-margin businesses such as toothbrushes and toothpaste.  Our all-outlet actual share of the toothpaste category, as measured by ACNielsen for year-to-date is at 37.3%, up 20 basis points versus the prior year. In manual toothbrushes, our share continues to build and reached another quarterly record of 23.6%, up 70 basis points from a year ago.  More new products are being launched as we speak to help maintain this good growth. In toothpaste, were launching a new variant in the Luminous line, Mint Twist. And from Max Fresh, a new, exciting Kiss Me Mint flavor. A new entry in the dish liquid category, Palmolive Oxy Foam, will be shipping in August. This is a foaming dish liquid which removes tough grease on contact. And in the fabric condition category, where we continue to grow share with a national share now over 11%, we are launching Suavitel Ultra, with a positioning of three times the power for clothes, soft as a mothers love.  One of the initial phases of our worldwide effort to increase the efficiency of our consumer and trade spending, under the name of Colgate Business Planning, was to roll out a return on investment tool kit to all subsidiaries. Much of the work on this initial ROI application was done here in the U.S. The results are just beginning to bear fruit, the start of what we see as a very productive long-term business process. Regular meetings to analyze promotion spending have been implemented across all our multifunctional selling teams in the U.S. Were now sharing best practices to the Colgate world through our intranet and have also begun to incorporate our ROI analytics in our forward planning. Our 2007 budgeting will be based solidly on our best practice in the promotional ROI area. All this has established a solid foundation and momentum for our full transition to CBP here in the U.S., driven by our SAP software, by the end of this year. Our acquisition of Toms of Maine is proceeding well. The Health and Specialty trade channel continues to grow double-digits and Toms, as the clear oral care market leader in that segment, is benefiting from that. While the transaction only just closed on May 1, we are already leveraging our strategic partnership in terms of sharing marketing and sales expertise and beginning to leverage distribution expansion capabilities in the traditional food, drugs and [inaudible].  So looking ahead, volume in North America should continue strong for the balance of the year. Operating profits should be up in both the third and fourth quarters, and for the full year. Europe/South Pacific.  Macroeconomic conditions in Western Europe continue to be difficult. While there is a very modest growth in [GEP], consumer confidence in our biggest subsidiaries in France, Germany and Italy still remains very low. Despite these macro problems, our volume in Western Europe excluding divestitures was up modestly and as youd expect, grew strongly in Central Europe. As in other parts of the world, new products in Western Europe play an important role in growing our business. Weve already told you about Colgate Time Control and Sensitive Multi Protection, which continue to drive volume and margin. Colgates 360 Degree toothbrush is another premium-priced product which has resulted in share increases in virtually every subsidiary where it has been launched. In the home care category, our expanded line of Ajax Professional, which has added a double-power spray in addition to a degreaser spray, has allowed us to maintain share leadership.  Importantly, our restructuring activities, many of which are centered across Europe, are beginning to bear fruit and to deliver the savings necessary to support our business with increased advertising.  In Australia, our toothpaste share is up almost 3 full points on a year to date basis, at 57.6, with the most recent reading at 68.9. Manual toothbrushes continue to reinforce their strong market-leading position, with a 21.8 gap to the nearest competitor. At 42.8%, our share is up almost 4 points versus the prior year due to better shelf positioning in certain retailers, as well as the continued success of Colgate 360-Degree toothbrush. Looking ahead, volume in Europe is expected to be up again in the low to mid single digits in both the third and fourth quarters. Operating profit growth should accelerate somewhat in the first half of the year.  Latin America.  Business in Latin America is strong across the region. As you know, one of our key strategies associated with our worldwide business building program has been to increase advertising investment, professional detailing and in store activity to ensure continued strong volume growth. This has been very successfully implemented across the region, where weve increased all aspects of advertising meaningfully, up absolutely and as a percent of sales.  Increasingly, production of our products has been moved to our world-class factories in Brazil and Mexico. The commercial hubbing model implemented a number of years ago in Central America is now being replicated in the Andean region as well as in the Mercosur region, allowing for more effective, focused go to market initiatives. In Mexico, volume increased with dollar sales growing even stronger, aided by selling price increases. Our toothpaste share is up year over year, with a particularly strong reading in the most recent period as well over 80%. This is a result of the focus on our premium products such as Colgate Total and Colgate Max Fresh, which drive profitability as well as share. In toothbrushes, our share reached near-record levels, almost 34% in the most recent period. New products in the personal care category will contribute to continued good growth as well. In the second quarter, we just introduced two new variants in our hand and body lotions, ActiFirm and Extra Dry, and in the haircare category we have just launched four variants of combing creams to compliment our shampoo and conditioner business, all completely incremental to this category. Volume in Brazil increased very nicely on top of almost a 20% increase in the year-ago quarter. Market shares in that country are up in virtually every category, with strong increases in toothpaste and toothbrushes. Key to our toothpaste growth was the success of Colgate Total which, as elsewhere in the region, was supported with a strong marketing plan including national media, [inaudible], in store execution and professional activities for dentists. While the shower gel segment is quite new to this and other Latin American countries, it is fast growing and weve established clear leadership, achieving over 26% of the market in the most recent period. Using the successful Brazilian model, we expect to grow this category in other countries through the balance of the year. Other highlights around the region include record toothbrush shares in Ecuador, Peru, and the Dominican Republic of 61.9%, 66.9% and 72.9%, respectively, continued growth in toilet soap market share across the region and maintenance of our over 70% share of the fabric conditioner market in Columbia, Central America, Dominican Republic and Peru, where we pursue an aggressive per capita consumption growth program. This program includes sampling and consumer education on product usage and benefits, incentives for the indirect trade, educating the trade in order to increase category space on store shelves and portfolio promotional strategies to trade-up consumers into larger sizes.  Looking ahead, volume growth in Latin America should continue at current levels for the balance of the year. Operating profit is expected to grow strong double-digit in the second half.  Greater Asia/Africa.  Business results for this division were excellent, showing good momentum and volume both in the first quarter, up 9.5% versus the year-ago quarter excluding divestitures as compared with a 7% growth in the first quarter.  Of particular note is the [inaudible] of Greater Asia itself, up double-digit in volume on the same basis and as elsewhere, fuelled by good increases in advertising, both absolutely and as a percent of sales. As noted in the press release, sales in Greater China increased 4% and operating profit increased substantially faster. Weve sustained our market leadership position in both toothpaste and toothbrushes, with particularly good results in the toothbrush category and a broadening of the market share gap between us and our nearest competitor in toothpaste. As we continue to expand our distribution throughout that vast country, we expect to capitalize on the fast-growing secondary cities through the balance of this year.  Across Greater Asia, our toothpaste market share grew 120 basis points, to almost 39%, with record toothpaste shares being posted in Russia and Turkey.  In Russia, our share is up more than 7 full points year over year as we consolidate our recently achieved leadership position. In toothbrushes, the launch of our very successful 360 Degree toothbrush has contributed to an increase across the region of 190 basis points for the Colgate equity. Every country reported share gains for the Colgate equity in the period.  In the personal care category, our new product program has helped increase volume as well. In the Philippines and Vietnam, the re-launch of our Palmolive Natural shampoo line has delivered strong in market results. In Russia, weve launched Palmolive Aromatherapy Propolis shower gel, building on our learnings from our successful Propolis toothpaste and the importance the Russian consumer attaches to this ingredient.  In Thailand, weve begun our deep dive with Colgate Business Planning, our new initiative to increase the efficiency and return on consumer and trade spending. Here were able to focus more closely on indirect trade, which accounts for a much bigger piece of our business in some of our other pilot countries. Were working with wholesalers and distributors to understand how we can increase throughput and expand even further our distribution. Looking ahead, volume in Asia should grow mid to high single digit in the second half, with operating profits growing double-digit.  Hills. Both new products and strength in the base business contributed to an excellent second quarter for Hills. In the U.S., new testimonial advertising for the Science Diet line is now on air. In addition, we continue to support the business by increasing in store demonstration programs as well as veterinary staffing programs and sponsorship of veterinary conferences and symposiums. Consumption in the superstore channels is growing considerably faster than the market as a whole and in addition, the percentage of pet food shoppers buying at a specialty channel has reached an all-time high, which bodes well for continued strength in our business.  Business in the U.S. veterinary channel is also doing well, with continued success behind our fourth quarter launch of BD Diets. Our results from the second quarter behind this new line of diets which help dermatological problems exceeded our estimates by over 40%.  Our international business continued strong as well, with particularly good growth in some of our newer markets such as Russia. While were still in the early stages of building our distribution in that vast country, were already the No. 1 recommended pet food by Russian vets. So looking ahead, volume growth in Hills should be at second quarter levels for the third and fourth quarter. Operating profit is expected to grow double-digit. Id like to now turn the call over to Ian Cook, our President and Chief Operating Officer, to sum up briefly and talk about our prospects going forward. Ian.
Ian Cook: Thanks, Bina. We are very pleased with the excellent results this quarter, and expect continued momentum during the second half of the year and into next year.  As I have visited many international Colgate subsidiaries this year, I have seen firsthand the business results which our focused strategy is delivering. This gives me further encouragement for our continued success.  Of particular note is the sustained, healthy expansion in gross profit despite continued raw material cost pressures. The restructuring program, our traditional funding the growth initiatives, specific pricing action and product mix have all contributed to the increases in the gross profit. The higher gross profit has funded increased advertising support behind new products and marketing programs which have driven continued broad-based organic volume growth.  Importantly, we are increasing not only the amount but also the efficiency and effectiveness of our advertising and of all our marketing activities, and we are encouraged that our worldwide effort to even further increase spending efficiency with Colgate Business Planning is making good progress. Because of all the interest expressed in Colgate Business Planning, or CBP, let me give you a brief update on this important initiative.  Remember, the objectives of the program are to set goals and plans for both our brands and accounts, to measure performance against those goals and plans, and to drive efficient commercial investment and therefore market share and margin growth.  Every subsidiary has appointed a Colgate Business Planning leader. Sixty countries have started using our CBP ROI tool kit and so far, over 1,000 managers in many different functions have gone through our workshop and online training.  What we call deep dives, intensive analytical reviews of promotional activity and selected customers, is nearing completion in the U.S., Mexico, Spain and Thailand. These will help verify the magnitude of savings and the incremental growth opportunities we can expect from CBP. Transition to the full CBP process, supported by SAP software which fits into our global SAP system, is well underway, with Mexico and Canada starting their go live program in August. Six more countries, including the U.S., will start go live programs in October of this year and we expect to cover 80% of our worldwide business within the next 24 [inaudible].  With our results to date and the strategic initiatives in place, we are confident of delivering good volume growth for the balance of the year, with a simultaneous gross profit increase and with advertising up in absolute dollars and as a percent of sales. As Reuben noted, this should lead to double-digit EPS increase both this year and next. We look forward to sharing our progress as we go through the remainder of the year.  This concludes our prepared remarks so let me turn the call back to Erica and we can proceed to the Q&A section.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question is coming from Wendy Nicholson with Citigroup Investment Research. One moment. And your line is open. Please go ahead.
Wendy Nicholson with Citigroup Investment Research: Hi. Can you hear me? 
Bina Thompson: Yes. 
Wendy Nicholson with Citigroup Investment Research: Okay. My first question has to do with China and the top line growing only 4%. I had expected the quarter to be much stronger because I thought it was an easy comp to last year with the [Tricalstan] issues so can you explain kind of what was happening there? Is it just that the categorys not growing? I heard you say your shares sound good, but 4% just came in a lot lower than I had thought.
Reuben Mark: Yeah. I actually thought, Wendy, that youd be pleased considering there was considerable concern that our business in the previous quarter was flat to down. It was up. Whats happening in China is, as I think the notation in either press release or the write up that Bina just went through, is that the gap between us and our nearest competitor has lightened. There is plenty of price competition and some of the local brands are fighting back. Our business is healthy. I think the projection for the next two quarters are up more than that and we did a review awhile back both here and in China and its looking quite good. As you saw, Asia is up very significantly and its expected to continue to be up significantly for the rest of the year, going into next year.
Wendy Nicholson with Citigroup Investment Research: So to just clarify, can you  I mean, it sounds like, is there a price war going on? I mean, how bad is the pricing and can you give us a sense of what the category grew in the quarter.
Reuben Mark: I dont know the category growth. Category growth was about, in dollars, about what we grew, in mid single digits. There is  I mean, its a very competitive situation. It has been and will continue to be. Our EBIT is up in China and will be up again in the next quarters and budgeted for next year.
Wendy Nicholson with Citigroup Investment Research: My second question just has to do with pricing generally. I think were getting into sort of the part of the year here where were anniversarying some of the big price increases you took last year. With raw materials where they are, can you talk about the pricing outlook for the overall company in the back half?
Reuben Mark: Yeah. We  hang on one sec. The price percentage, of course, as you know, Wendy, has been going up. Im looking for my worldwide pricing folder and Im not finding it so Ill go from memory.  Okay. You recall that last year on total company it was negative in the first two quarters, started going positive in the third and was positive in the fourth. Was positive 170 basis points in the first quarter and again positive in the second quarter and we expect it to be positive for the third and fourth quarters as well for a year, nicely above 100 basis points.
Wendy Nicholson with Citigroup Investment Research: Okay, but still  I mean, it sounds like its going to be up less in the back half because my real question is, do you have incremental price increases that you plan to take, you know, from here on out.
Reuben Mark: Answer, yes. Again, were talking about 200 countries. The price trend is good and that will be assisted by increasing reductions in gross-to-net on a worldwide basis. You may have seen that our gross-to-net went down. Its led by the United States and Latin America, which are the two areas that are most advanced on what Ian was telling you about, the Colgate Business Planning, the promotional efficiency aspect and so that it will be helped by actual price increases and a reduction in gross-to-net. 
Wendy Nicholson with Citigroup Investment Research: Fair enough. Thanks very much. I appreciate it.
Reuben Mark: Wendy, it felt to us like a pretty good quarter. You have anything encouraging to say?
Wendy Nicholson with Citigroup Investment Research: You know, you came in exactly where I thought you would on the EPS line so I think thats pretty darn good. I think thats all I want to say.
Reuben Mark: Okay, good. 
Wendy Nicholson with Citigroup Investment Research: Thanks.
Reuben Mark: Thanks.
Operator: And next well hear from Amy Chasen with Goldman Sachs. Amy, your line is open. Please pose your question.
Amy Chasen  Goldman Sachs: Can you hear me now? 
Reuben Mark: Yes I can hear you, Amy.
Amy Chasen  Goldman Sachs: Okay, great. The volume trends were actually much better than I had expected. Can you tell us how they were relative to your own internal expectations and how much of that upside, if there was some relative to your expectations, was due to the more efficient promotional programs that youve talked about?
Reuben Mark: Amy, yes. Volume was very good; somewhat better in certain areas than we had expected. We had an aggressive budget, but nonetheless we exceeded that from a volume and sales point of view. I think its a little early to see much volume coming from this promotional efficiency plan. We saw some gross-to-net go down which was good, which pushed the gross-to-net worldwide down which was also good. But I think its a function of the strategy that Javier and Ian developed a couple of years ago and promulgated to the organization, which is basically spending increased money on classic marketing activities, increasing sampling levels around the world, increasing professional relations programs and improving the quality of in store work, market research and the actual commercial advertising that we do. Its a classic back to basics kind of a strategy and it appears to be working quite well.
Amy Chasen  Goldman Sachs: Okay, great. Can you quantify for us within the gross margin increase how much was from, you know, all the things that you usually quantify, including this promotional program?
Reuben Mark: Yeah, the promotional program is a little tough. Let me give you the normal quantification, Amy, that I would give you and then let me talk about the promotional aspect. So that, if you look at the second quarter, and this is a comparison versus the previous year second quarter, the gross profit is [up] on pricing .7, restructuring  I might add that in the first quarter it was up .7 as well  restructuring .4, which is somewhat above what it was in the first quarter; our classic funding the growth savings, 1.3, which is, again, better; material pricing, negative 1.4, and that altogether adds to the 100 basis points improvement.
Amy Chasen  Goldman Sachs: Okay, and one last question. Just, well first of all, within that you didnt talk about the promotional programs. Is that because it was zero or just because its too hard for you to break that out?
Reuben Mark: No, because I was just pausing and ready to go on. 
Amy Chasen  Goldman Sachs: Sorry.
Reuben Mark: Actually, its going to be difficult to measure precisely that number because it gets mixed up with  some of it ends up driving volume up, some of it ends up driving price up, so that its going to be a little complex. The only thing I can say is were at the very early stages of that. As you know, Ian and Javier are very excited about that, as are people around the world. I am, too. To give you an idea, for the first time in a considerable period of time, the gross-to-net percentage went down worldwide. That was a result of, as I said earlier, the Latin America and the U.S. gross-to-net percentage going down and they are the countries that are involved. I think you will see that becoming more pronounced as we go forward in both of those divisions and then the rest of the world. If you simply take, and this is an attempt to quantify it even though its  if you take the reduction in worldwide gross-to-net and basically multiply it times sales, and its under a percentage point, as X number of basis points, you come up with an amount which is equivalent to about $0.01 a share or so that, probably that contributed overall. Ive got to say that that will continue to grow and as we said before, we would think that the ultimate savings are in the range of the restructuring which is, as you know, several hundred million dollars. Ian made the point earlier, which I think is very important and Javier keeps stressing this when hes pursuing this program around the world, which is that this is not just a savings program. It is genuinely to get more efficient savings so the same amount of money or less money will drive volume even more and I think youre seeing that in Latin America, youre seeing it  early stages  in the U.S. So when we say that the business is robust and its fundamentals are as good or better than theyve ever been in my knowledge, a part of it is this program and, to a certain extent, I think you aint seen nothing yet.
Amy Chasen  Goldman Sachs: Wonderful. Thank you.
Operator: Next well hear from Bill Chappell with SunTrust.
Reuben Mark: Hi, Bill.
Bill Chappell  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: On the Toms of Maine acquisition, how much does that add in terms of U.S. market share on the oral category?
Reuben Mark: About 1.5 share points. In the quarter, we only had a partial quarter, it was under $10 million in sales.
Bill Chappell  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: So the share was still year over year, even excluding that?
Reuben Mark: Yes, thats right. Actually, their share was constant year to year and when you take the  our share was up, and we get weekly shares which were not actually allowed to put out, but we just got a fantastic weekly share. Were working on daily shares.
Bill Chappell  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: With that in mind, is there a timeline for expanding the distribution within the U.S. or outside the U.S.?
Reuben Mark: Theres a strategy group thats participating up there right now, and that is in the process of being developed.
Bill Chappell  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Then also, just looking at the [kind of] the acquisitions out there, obviously took a pass on the Pfizer business. Did that preclude you from repurchasing shares and if not, I mean, are you looking to take the cash for more share repurchases or other acquisitions or kind of whats your thought going forward?
Reuben Mark: With $16.6 billion we could have bought about 40% of our capitalization, but interestingly yes, two things were going on. We did lay out about $100 million for the Toms of Maine, number one. Number two, we were keeping our powder dry and being conservative, you know, on the one chance in who knows how many that we would have gone ahead with the Listerine portion of that business.  So as a result, our share repurchase in the quarter was lower than it has been and actually were going to, as soon as the quiet period ends, were going to about double our purchase back to slightly above the rate that we were going at, at about $1 billion a year rate.
Bill Chappell  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Great. 
Reuben Mark: Also, just as an aside, I think Bina mentioned this, is that theres an interesting calculation that, for the first time in a long time, in the quarter the shares went up rather than down from the previous quarter because number one, we didnt buy back as much as we normally do but well beyond that, because of the fact that the stock has done pretty well. The diluted calculation which, of course, figures out the number of shares and the money, its a very complex thing, but as a result the diluted shares outstanding went up.
Bill Chappell  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Great. Just one last question and you might have commented on this - any thoughts on Crest Pro Health and their expansion plans over the next six months, how thatll affect your oral care share?
Reuben Mark: Well, I guess Im going to react the only way that I can react. We have, you know our strategy is narrow, that were in only a few categories and our job is to improve our world and country market leadership. There are constant attacks by various competitors around the world to try to change that balance and we historically, I think, without exception have met that challenge. I cant remember a situation, and Im looking around the room for the people who would know better than I, where we have, our market leadership has been damaged or lost appreciably in recent years and I would think that the U.S. is no different. You know, lets  Bill, well talk as we go along. I would say six months from now, or a year from now, well see that we remain the strong market leader in this country.
Bill Chappell  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Great. Well, nice quarter.
Reuben Mark: Thanks.
Operator: Next well hear from Bill [Piccariello] with Morgan Stanley. 
Bill Piccariello  Morgan Stanley: Good morning, everyone. First question, just on the advertising spend, in the past quarters youve given us the absolute amount, the percentage its gone up?
Reuben Mark: Advertising went up 9% as I recall, and will go up for the year probably that much or more. 
Bill Piccariello  Morgan Stanley:
Reuben Mark: Back in between 9 and 10, somebody was saying. Okay.
Bill Piccariello  Morgan Stanley: Could you also give us some more color on Russia? Youd given some details on China. Was it up double-digit? How did it compare to the first quarter growth?
Reuben Mark: It was up double-digit. Very strong. First quarter growth was excellent, in the 20s. Second quarter growth is excellent, in the 30s. I dont think that progression will continue, but its expected up very well for the year. A strong third and fourth quarter is anticipated and the EBIT grew very substantially during the quarter in Russia, and is expected up very materially for the year. Business is good in Russia and continues, so - you should know that Russia was transferred, when we realigned the divisions awhile back, in the last few months, it ended up in [Greater] Asia. [Inaudible] It ended up in Greater Asia. So that it had been in Europe and basically what  that means that growth in Europe, had it been historically comparable, although we have adjusted the previous years, would have been a point or two higher because of Russia. But its, from a marketing and an administrative point of view, its right where it should be. 
Bill Piccariello  Morgan Stanley: Okay, great, and then just following up on the components of the gross margin chain. As we look out the balance of the year, the charge in the quarter, the $116 million, was a little bit greater than weve seen the last couple of quarters, greater than we were expecting so should we see that savings contribution accelerate in the back half from the [inaudible]?
Reuben Mark: Bill, the reason for the greater amount was that, remember we told you that we had to have a number of, many, many smaller personnel programs and for a number of pretty valid reasons, they didnt go ahead when they were planned but instead we put in a  and it was fully announced and everything else during the first quarter or earlier  a voluntary retirement program for a big quantity of domestic employees. So the charge came all at once rather than spread out over a period of time. It is  basically, the deadline has now passed. Its come out very well, as I think Bina may have mentioned, and actually a bit better than we had expected. Those savings will start coming in in the fourth quarter and next year, which means that our savings for those periods should be a bit more than we had originally thought.
Bill Piccariello  Morgan Stanley: Great, and just one last one. On the U.S. pipeline, should we expect some more news balance of the year relative to what youve mentioned, a release? You have some new products you announced in Europe, like this Microsonic toothbrush and the Colgate Time Control. Should we expect those in the U.S. eventually?
Reuben Mark: Well, not necessarily those specifically but there is an aggressive new products program in the second half. 
Bill Piccariello  Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. Thank you.
Reuben Mark: Thanks, Bill.
Operator: Our next question will come from Chris Ferrara with Merrill Lynch.
Christopher Ferrara - Merrill Lynch: Hey, I just want to ask about funding and growth. You know, it seems like after, it might have slowed a little bit last quarter. You came back pretty strongly and Im trying to get a sense for, you know, what that outlook might be going forward as its, you know, a pretty big component of your gross margin savings. I mean, do you see continuing at this kind of rate?
Reuben Mark: Well, again, the breakdown, the precise breakdown is difficult to project but from a projection of gross margin  hang on one sec  we do expect the second half to be continuing at [inaudible] the same rate as the first half, maybe a bit better, but who knows? 
Christopher Ferrara - Merrill Lynch:
Reuben Mark: The components wont be very different except that as I said earlier, that its probable that the amount that comes from gross-to-net reduction may accelerate and certainly will accelerate into next year. 
Christopher Ferrara - Merrill Lynch: Got it and then, I guess along those lines, I mean, as you look at Latin American pricing obviously continued to be extremely strong and can you talk a little bit about what the breakdown might be on that pricing line, between list and improved gross-to-net, and then also a little color as to what, you know, how long youre going to sustain that kind of a level of improvement?
Reuben Mark: Okay, well, the price increase - I guess thats part of the stuff we send out, right -was 5%. We expect it up in the third quarter and the fourth quarter even though that laps strong quarters last year.  Its being driven this  pricing is positive in all major countries and dont forget, as you know, Chris, that for many years weve had a division policy to increase prices in line with local inflation wherever possible and the economies are doing well down there. Theres also, again, an early focus on the gross-to-net reduction and a lot of proactive SKU, VSKU analysis to identify specific opportunities. So its  were hitting on, if not all, certainly most cylinders in Latin America. The expectation is that we will have positive price for the next two quarters, and I would guess that well be budgeting positive price for next year as well.
Christopher Ferrara - Merrill Lynch: Thanks, and then just one other one. In the trouble, in the more troublesome markets in Western Europe, you know, France, Germany and Italy, can you talk about where your market share is stacking out right now? How is it, you know, year over year? Obviously the economies are a little bit tough, but how are you doing relative to your competition there?
Reuben Mark: Basically, weve got some real success in increasing market share in liquid cleaners, which are the only, basically the only remnant of the home care business that we and were one of the leaders in Europe. The oral care shares are essentially flat to slightly up, [Gobbas] increasing their shares and we have increased in a couple of countries. UK is up and a couple of others. Something thats positive about Europe is that the negative price in Europe, which youve seen from us and everybody for a number of quarters is less than it has been. That is to say, last year was negative, price was negative 2%, a little over 2%. It was a negative 2% in the first quarter and this quarter it was negative less than 1%. So, again, its  the trend is good. Also, from a volume point of view I think well be disappointed, because of a lot of new product reasons and other reasons, if we dont seem some better volumes although this was, there was nothing wrong with this volume, in the second half and in Europe, specifically.
Christopher Ferrara - Merrill Lynch: Right. Got it. Is the improvement in pricing at all related to the fact that your share, you didnt gain share? I mean, obviously you cited a bunch of markets in Europe where you gained share and those three, you know, France, Germany and Italy, were not cited. I mean, did that have something to do with easing up on pricing and maybe more so than your peers were?
Reuben Mark: I dont think so, Chris. Normally, we just  if a share is flat or slightly up, we dont, I dont think Bina mentions it. Its just the ones that are, theres a meaningful movement. 
Christopher Ferrara - Merrill Lynch: All right. Thanks a lot.
Reuben Mark: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Next well hear from Alice Longley with Buckingham Research.
Alice Longley  Buckingham Research: Hi. Good morning. My first question is to ask about more specifics for North America. Going into the second half of the year, can you tell us what pricing might look like? Its been flat recently. Will it be up or down in the second half? Also, you said operating profits would be up in the third and fourth quarters. Will they be up more or less than sales?
Reuben Mark: Yes. No, no, I mean  I assume that was a series of questions. The SBIs were basically flat so far and we shall see what happens, but theyre expected to be essentially flat for the rest of the year. On the other hand, which they are flat we again are getting the benefit of the gross-to-net reduction which means that, on a percentage basis, the amount given the trade is somewhat lower. That was true in the second quarter and I think will be true going out, but we shall see.  At the same time, in response to an earlier question about one of the competitors launch, obviously by definition there is an aggressive plan that we have already planned on and budgeted and it is included in the estimates so that will reflect whatever happens on pricing, that certainly we will [anticipate.] That being said, and thats been built into the estimate, the EBIT chart in the U.S.  hang on one sec  is, we were up in the second quarter as you see. We expect to be up in the third quarter and expect to be up in the fourth quarter and up for the year, but as you would expect, what were doing is were making sure that the U.S. has sufficient money to meet any competitive challenges and thats being funded elsewhere.
Alice Longley  Buckingham Research: That was really what I was trying to get at. So even net of maybe more couponing your pricing, you think, is going to be flattish and your EBIT is going to be up, but may be minimally in the second half? Is that fair?
Reuben Mark: Itll be up modestly by design. We planned it that way and all our estimates and our comfort with the external estimates are built around a very stout and robust plan in the second half. Obviously we should get some real volume benefits out of that as well, but answer, yes. As you would expect, we tend to plan ahead and so there is a plan, an aggressive plan, in the U.S. company which has been funded within the estimate.
Alice Longley  Buckingham Research: Okay, my other question is on gross margin breakout. Dont the comparisons get easier in the second half for raw material costs, so maybe that negative, like the negative 1.4 in the second quarter for materials might be reduced in the second half?
Reuben Mark: It might be, except that in the first half oil wasnt $78. But let me give you that. The  hang on a sec. [Inaudible] was reading it upside down better than Im reading it right side up.  Okay, so let me go through the raw materials for a moment. We had budgeted in the Colgate part of the business a 1.7% cost increase on [inaudible] packing materials and for the whole company it was a weighted average of about the same. The latest estimate is that were up 0.1%, 1.8% to 1.9%, for the estimate for the year and similarly for the overall company. So that pushes our budget  were up somewhat and so one would expect that well have the same sort of objective in terms of finding mechanisms or using the funds generated by the business to offset the costs. Thats all been factored in and our expectation is with the higher level of costs because, while oil has gone up some of our other costs have gone down and our overhead has gone down, we do expect to get positive gross profit in both the third and fourth quarter and to be budgeting it up next year.
Alice Longley  Buckingham Research: Is it fair to have gross margins up about 100 basis points in the second half, or do you think you can do more than that?
Reuben Mark: Well, weve set a goal, as you remember, Alice, between 75 and 125. Weve been in there. That was an increase from our historic 50 to 100, and I think well continue to be in there, hopefully at the upper end.
Alice Longley  Buckingham Research: Okay, thank you.
Reuben Mark: Thank you.
Operator: And next well hear from Bill Schmitz with Deutsche Bank.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Hi. Good morning. 
Reuben Mark: Hi, Bill.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Hey, is there any way you could break out volume and mix from the numbers? Because it looks like youve done an amazing job trading folks up to things like 360 Degree and Luminous and Total.
Reuben Mark: That is very tough to do, and all the financial wizards around the table are shaking their heads negatively. But the mix is good. There is  its good for the fact that we dont have a bunch of the detergents that we used to have. At the same time it depends very much on how the mix comes [inaudible], and also by division and by country.  But the answer is yes, there is a part of the strategy that I said that Javier and Ian put together is very clearly to increase our efforts to trade up and that is indeed happening.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Great, thanks and then, just on the acquisition front, I think you prudently didnt get the Pfizer business, obviously. That was a big multiple. But is there other stuff on the docket, now? Should we expect further acquisitions in the future?
Reuben Mark: There is nothing currently being looked at. As you know, theres not many things out there. All of our growth historically, or most of it, has come organically and will continue to. The volume projections that Ian and Bina gave you assume no acquisitions.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Okay, great, and then the last thing. Maybe Im splitting hairs here but the detergent divestiture. Is that benefit in the funding and growth piece the 130 basis points you talked about? 
Reuben Mark: No. Its not in there. 
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Where is it? When you kind of do that gross margin bridge?
Reuben Mark: That would be, that would be in the mix. That would not be in the actual funding growth savings. Funding growth savings are a list of dozens if not hundreds of specific projects around the world in each subsidiary and at corporate that are measured [and clocked] and measured against the projected rate of return. So its not an amorphous thing. Its a very project-oriented, highly-detailed, highly-followed mechanism.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Okay, and what would that detergent piece be in terms of gross margin expansion, the divestiture?
Reuben Mark: In a low to mid single digits, i.e., somewhere between 0 and 50 basis points. Does that  
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Next we will hear from Linda Bolton Weiser with Oppenheimer. 
Linda Bolton Weiser - Oppenheimer: Thank you. Can I just ask you about capital spending? I think I had projected it to be up in dollars for the year, and yet it was down for the quarter and first half. Can you just talk about that, and is there any additional spending related to the restructuring?
Reuben Mark: Well, it is going to be up for the year. Last year our regular program was $335 million and $390, Im rounding, with restructuring.  This year, we had told you that the regular program was going up from $335 to $360 and the total program, including restructuring is up to between $530 and $540.  So on both bases they are indeed up, Linda. 
Linda Bolton Weiser - Oppenheimer: So, why is it down in the first half?
Reuben Mark: Timing.
Linda Bolton Weiser - Oppenheimer: Timing?
Reuben Mark: These are projects that [youre late in] and theyve, the whole formality and everything else. What was it down first half? It really is. Im looking at the budget here and what the update is, which was updated in our mid year estimates and its, those numbers are the numbers that we expect. So in both cases they will be up.
Linda Bolton Weiser - Oppenheimer: Okay, and I just wanted to ask about the inventory. I mean, it looked pretty good but it was up 8% year over year on a 6% sales increase. Is there anything going on there with inventory?
Reuben Mark: Well, inventory on a worldwide basis, again, Im looking  may be looking at different numbers. Im just, just because I dont look at it on a percentage increase basis; we look at on a days  I guess that would, so you would subtract your 6% from your 8% and get a 2%, yeah. Because on a days outstanding basis it was, in the similar quarter last year, it was 66 [inaudible] 66 or 67 days, and now its about 67, 69 days. So theres a two or three day difference. Answer is yes, that is. [Certainly], I dont think anything is going on there. The specific explanation for is that we are, as part of the restructuring, closing factories and relocating factories in many parts of the world and a bit of inventory has been built to ensure that, I mean, for example, were moving, as you know, to a new site, base site in the United States, moving some of that production out of the country and thats the primary reason. Secondary reason is, and we tracked it down pretty carefully, its promotional timing and new products timing and so on. As you heard, there was some [inaudible] product plans in the second half in Europe and thats where some of it is.  I guess, Linda, my conclusion is we, as you can imagine, were very sensitive to the balance sheet and always making sure that the ratios are where they should be. That is not a concerning thing to us.
Linda Bolton Weiser - Oppenheimer: Okay, and just  
Reuben Mark: And let me  and as you know, on a percentage of sales basis, the working capital of which, of course, inventory is a major component, went down as a percentage to sales worldwide from over 42 or 43, as I recall, to 39. 
Linda Bolton Weiser - Oppenheimer: Okay. Is there any effect from Wal Mart or any other retailers just reducing and pushing back a little bit on your inventory? Is there any of that going on?
Reuben Mark: Pushing back? We dont really push back too hard on Wal Mart, but youll be interested to know that I have an analysis here which shows the top ten U.S. accounts and the top three accounts were all up over  which includes Wal Mart, Target and Sams  were all up at least double-digit and the top ten were up 16%. So the business in those accounts in the United States, the top ten accounts, is terrific.
Linda Bolton Weiser - Oppenheimer: Great. Very good, and can I just ask one last thing? In the Asia/Africa, I think you had said that almost all of the countries were up in toothpaste market share except for five countries. Just, which ones were those that were not up?
Reuben Mark: I didnt say that. 
Bina Thompson: Nine to 14.
Reuben Mark: Pardon me?
Bina Thompson: In the press release it said nine of 14. 
Reuben Mark: Nine of 14. Can we get back with you, Linda? Im not sure because there might be, I mean, it might be Fiji, it might be New Zealand. I dont know, and China is not. Is also not up, right?
Bina Thompson: Yep.
Reuben Mark: Chinas down. Okay. As we said earlier, Linda.
Linda Bolton Weiser - Oppenheimer: Okay, very good. Thank you.
Reuben Mark: Thank you.
Operator: Next well hear from Joe Altobello with CIBC World Markets.
Joe Altobello  CIBC World Markets: Thanks. Good morning. 
Reuben Mark: What does your name mean again?
Joe Altobello  CIBC World Markets: Tall and beautiful.
Reuben Mark: Okay. 
Joe Altobello  CIBC World Markets: From what I understand. Anyway, it terms of the restructuring, I just want to go back to that for one second. You know, obviously you guys alluded to this a little bit earlier but it seems like thats running pretty well ahead of where you had originally anticipated it would, given that your guidance was the high end of your gross margin expansion range despite the fact that oil is, I guess $10 above where you had budgeted and I think for every $2 in oil is about $0.01 off of your EPS. So, I was curious if theres anything beyond the gross-to-net savings that is really, you know, basically trending above where you had planned [inaudible].
Reuben Mark: [Inaudible] Let me refine what you said. What you say is true, but  and its the entire savings package that goes into gross-to-net that goes into gross profit that is higher than anticipated. But the, as we discussed a couple of times in previous conference calls, the restructuring program was slightly behind, now is catching up rapidly, because of those human programs that we were unable to do as planned and did it on a voluntary basis instead. But those, any shortfall there, which is timing shortfall because it just simply comes in a somewhat latter quarter, has been more than made up by funding the growth and the other savings programs. Im looking for the financial people  I think thats quite accurate.  So that we are very pleased that theres enough flexibility within the organization to, because of a very real administrative concern, we couldnt move as we wanted to, we now have moved on the human front and we have been able to offset that and keep gross profit going anyway. So that the good part about that is, is that even though there was a modest shortfall to date, as that shortfall is filled in and actually has some additional savings, that will help us going forward. Were quite pleased with it, Joe. So yes, youre right from an overall point of view, but the pieces of it are slightly different.
Joe Altobello  CIBC World Markets: Okay, so to date, is the plan better or worse than you expected? Because it sounded like you were a little bit inconsistent there, thats all. 
Reuben Mark: Okay. The plan to date has somewhat more spending because we spent it all, some of the people think, in a lump and the savings are a little behind to begin catching up fourth quarter and next year.
Joe Altobello  CIBC World Markets: Gotcha. Okay, and then  
Reuben Mark: Mark means short and bald. Everybody is frowning at me because its such an old  okay, go on. 
Joe Altobello  CIBC World Markets: Secondly, in terms of 07 guidance, obviously this is the time of year last year when you talked about 06 and I was curious, you know, what the broad outlines are in terms of your expectations for volumes and pricing next year and where does visibility stand today on next year versus where it did a year ago, for example? 
Reuben Mark: Well, we did say in the press release, which is scrutinized pretty carefully as you can imagine by legal and SEC experts and everything else and we did say that we expect a double-digit EPS after all the restructuring and all the stuff that  for next year. And we really do think that.  We have reason to think that the volume momentum that we have been seeing will continue. Certainly we will be - while the budgets, of course, have not been made yet - spending at substantial levels. One would expect to see, and this is barring anything, any major thing unforeseen, a growth in gross profit in our target range, an increase in EPS in the double-digit range as we said, and EBIT up at least in the high single double-digit range, probably double-digit.  We havent made up the budgets yet but Ive got to say that, as I said before, Joe, that in the many years that Ive been doing this, the business is as robust or, in my opinion, better, more robust, than its ever been and I think thats a great credit to the strategy that Javier and Ian put together and have basically been in the process of implementing and were getting, I think, at all of the things were doing, better and better and one of the values of Colgate, it sounds like motherhood, but its continuous improvement and I think were going to continue to improve even further.
Joe Altobello  CIBC World Markets: Okay, thanks.
Reuben Mark: Sorry for the speech, but I really believe that.
Operator: Next well hear from Constance Maneaty with Prudential. 
Constance Maneaty  Prudential Equity Group: Good morning. Could you talk a little bit on the buyback? Did you say you would get back to $1 billion for the full year, or $1 billion annual rate?
Reuben Mark: Rate of. Rate of.
Constance Maneaty  Prudential Equity Group: A rate of. And when have you, I just didnt catch what you said about how much you bought in the second quarter?
Reuben Mark: Yeah, I have that. We bought in the second quarter  we bought in the second quarter 2 million shares, average price of $59.74 and the first quarter we bought 3.7 million shares, average price of $55.31. 
Constance Maneaty  Prudential Equity Group: Okay. You also mentioned in the earlier remarks something about a program in Central America thats being expanded into the Mercosur and Andean regions. What program is that?
Ian Cook: Its the regionalization program that we first did in Central America where we took six countries and essentially operated them as one unit. So we centralized support functions and strengthened our on-the-ground capability of selling and distribution and merchandising and we are applying the same to the Southern Cone part of Latin America and also the Mercosur part of Latin America. So its the same structure, now taken into South America.
Constance Maneaty  Prudential Equity Group: Is this part of the restructuring program?
Reuben Mark: Yes, it is.
Constance Maneaty  Prudential Equity Group: Okay, how far along are you in this and what might the impact of it be?
Reuben Mark: Again, its included in those big numbers of long-term savings. Javier reported to me a couple weeks ago that it looks like we have some additional opportunities within the same expenditure to get more savings which is why the reference in Binas write up about some possibility of increasing those savings, the 2008 plus savings, and that has indeed happened. I dont think we break it out specifically and also, obviously, that is not yet in the process of being implemented but will be in the next six to nine months.
Constance Maneaty  Prudential Equity Group: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Next well hear from John Faucher with J.P. Morgan.
John Faucher  J.P. Morgan: Yes. Good morning, everybody, or good afternoon now. A quick sort of philosophical question on the marketing side. We continue to see the advertising grow faster than sales and I was wondering, can you give us an idea? You seem to have caught up. Is most of this advertising growing faster than sales? Do you think that is, sort of, normalizing? Getting back to where you need to be? How much of it is taking sort of opportunistic advertising and how much of it would you say is related to competitive pressure, if that question makes sense.
Reuben Mark: It makes sense. Let me, my sense is that were going to see that the 200 or 300 or 400 basis points of spending above sales levels will decline. I think that will start right in the second half and probably next year. Given the fact that our business is so robust, well be able to afford very substantial advertising without [inaudible] necessarily being driven further.  So yes, it was a  there should be a normalizing process going on. Also, John, I think that a lot of elements of whats being done now around the world, and this part of the strategy that I mentioned several times, is how we get more efficiency out of [inaudible] market research. I mean, classic stuff but some very interesting kinds of things and so that I think youll see that, without raising [inaudible] quite as strongly well see good volume. 
John Faucher  J.P. Morgan: Okay. Thank you.
Reuben Mark: Thank you. What does your last name mean, again? Were going through that. 
John Faucher  J.P. Morgan: It means to not have any money.
Operator: And next well hear from Lauren Lieberman with Lehman Brothers.
Ryan Bennett  Lehman Brothers: Hi. This is actually Ryan Bennett, sitting in for Lauren today. Hello, everyone. 
Reuben Mark: Hi, Ryan. 
Ryan Bennett  Lehman Brothers: Just a quick question or two. When we take a look at Hills margins, it kind of contracted a little bit this quarter versus last year and Im just wondering if that was a rise in the commodity costs for that particular division?
Reuben Mark: No, actually there is an increase in commodity costs, overall costs, raw [pack] materials for Hills of about 1.7 to 1.8, which is about the same as we had in the rest of the company.  But there are two things. First of all, you do know that margin an operating profit in Hills are well above the normal company. That is to say, its in the high 60s as compared to the mid 50s. So I dont know if we give that out, but its a very, very good number.  What specifically is going on is there has been a packaging change basically from paper to plastic which at least short term cost a tad more and theyre getting it back in volume, but they will probably drive the cost down and secondly, the Japanese packaging became more expensive because we changed that as well. Its really not a meaningful thing. The gross profit last year was 60  well, [inaudible] what I want to say is  anyway, the gross profit for the year this year is expected to be up at least 40 or 50 basis points versus last year.
Ryan Bennett  Lehman Brothers: Okay. You mentioned that oral care sales were up 12%. Could you tell us if the volumes were up? 
Reuben Mark: Volumes were up 8.5%, I believe. Right. Pardon me? 9%. Somebody holding up nine fingers and that means 9%. 9.5%.  Oral care altogether, this is volume growth 9.5% for the second quarter of which, thats toothbrushes were up slightly more and toothpaste was up about that, slightly less, and other oral, which is floss and rinse, was up. The year to date is about the same. 
Ryan Bennett  Lehman Brothers: Okay, and then in terms of the A&P spend, I know its been discussed quite a bit already but just understand there was a little bit of a deceleration in terms of a percentage to sales as opposed to the first quarter and we were thinking maybe it would be backend loaded this year in the face of new product launches and Crest Pro Health, but just understand  But just to understand, should we be expecting further deceleration?
Reuben Mark: Well, as I said, I think that you'll see a growth in advertising in the second half, but going back to I guess it was John's question, that the 8S growth will not be as much. 8S may grow slightly but it will be more or less on with sales growth.
Ryan Bennett  Lehman Brothers:  Okay. That's it for me. Thank you, everyone.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Alec Patterson - RCM.
Alec Patterson - RCM: Good morning. Just a couple of quick non-operating items and then another one. The interest rate expense line seemed to tick up a bit, and it looks like you turned over a fair amount of debt. Have we locked in some higher rates here?
 Ian Cook :  We are holding our floating and fixed rates within our policy guidelines, so most of the increase is just really due to rates going up significantly during the quarter around the world.
Reuben Mark:  Which is last year.
 Ian Cook :  Last year. About 95 basis points.
Reuben Mark: The interest costs were about $11 million I recall, higher than last year, essentially all of which was rate change. That actually was down slightly. 
Alec Patterson - RCM:  Okay. Then, you had a slew of options exercised in the quarter, and it seemed to be well above the trend line. Is there some sort of event that caused that? Then looking into the rest of the year, should we expect that to then create sort of an empty bucket effect where we shouldn't see nearly as much?
Reuben Mark: Well, I think the only event was that the stock is over $60. People have historically, over time, exercised and held stock, owning stock and are doing it now. That also provides us with a couple of hundred million dollars of extra cash on the year. My guess is that it depends obviously what happens with the stock price, which we don't determine but you guys do. I would expect to see continual option exercises.
Alec Patterson - RCM: But in other words, Reuben, there wasn't sort of like a window of opportunity which created this stock-price opportunity to exercise? 
Reuben Mark:  No, I mean, there's nothing different than --
Alec Patterson - RCM:  -- the rest of the year?
Reuben Mark:  The rest of the year. There's a window period after each -- for 15 key people there's a window period after each earnings report, but most of the options exercises were during the quarter, not by the 15 key people.
Alec Patterson - RCM:  Okay. Then just lastly, with oil, as you pointed out, in the mid -70s, potentially sustaining there, what are you guys doing in the area of raw material substitution on oil? I mean, there's been talk about maybe vegetable oils or some other sources for plastics and glycerin compounds and things like that maybe sourced from non-petrochemical-based areas. I was wondering if there was anything going on there.
Reuben Mark:  Basically, we have an ongoing program of raw material substitution in some of our products, primarily agricultural-based between various kinds of natural oils. As you know, our oils component is not terribly high and we are also covered through the end of the third quarter. Our expectation is that if prices remain where they are, i.e. in the mid to high 70s, is that there will have to be another round next year of price increases in various locations, but I think that's to be expected.
Alec Patterson - RCM:  So in other words, the oil prices are at a level which would have an impact on your pricing policy, but it's not at a level which will open up the door to substitutions for oil?
Reuben Mark:  Well, the impact on our situation is more in transportation costs. I mean, it's an interesting and little paid attention to kind of thing. It's our freight costs are more dependent upon oil than any other single element of our costs and that that is not within our control, but yes, there are switchings to rail transport and ship transport and so on, so there's substitution in that sense.
Alec Patterson - RCM:  So it's more of an impact on freight and distribution than it is on packaging is what you are saying?
Reuben Mark:  Yes.
Alec Patterson - RCM:  Okay, and that flows to the shipping and handling line?
Reuben Mark:  Yes. It ends up affecting obviously gross profit.
Alec Patterson - RCM:  Okay.
Reuben Mark:  People are shaking their heads -- SG&A, I'm sorry.
Alec Patterson - RCM:  SG&A, yes. Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Gere - A.G. Edwards.
Jason Gere - A.G. Edwards & Sons:  Good morning, actually now good afternoon. Just a quick question; you talked about the products that you have and the geographic expansion, obviously the oral care you are in over 200 markets. I mean, can you talk about what you're most excited looking to or three years down the road, which of your product maybe has a lot more expansion opportunities?
Reuben Mark:  Well, we have a list, as you know, Jason, of product categories in which we are quite strong or very strong, depending on the category, and that methodically we're going around the world with them. For example, liquid soap, where we are the world market leader and leader in this country with 40-plus share with soft soap, the leader in Europe and elsewhere; we are progressively going around the world. Latin America is enjoying a considerable success with that now, and Asia. Similarly, we have a number of other categories we are doing the same thing. There's a major series of launches on different kinds of men's and ladies' Speed Stick, even though it's not a stick in some places, and there's a whole list of things. That's basically how the business development people in the Company plan out the grids for each division and each subsidiary.
Jason Gere - A.G. Edwards & Sons:  Okay. I mean, because oral care is, you know, 40% of your sales and obviously you guys are the global leader in this category. I know you've been asked questions about acquisitions and I think the docket right now looks kind of empty, or I think that's how you said it. But just looking at the portfolio, you've gone out in detergents. I mean, would you use the next couple of years really to expand that portfolio into more of the higher-growth categories? I guess I'm just trying to look at more geographic expansion along the same lines.
Reuben Mark:  Well, again, the organic growth is pretty good. I mean, we are getting dollar growth in the 8% to 9% range, which is what this quarter was in volume and the 6% to 7% range; that's pretty good. I think the expectations without acquisitions are that we will be able to perhaps not at the precise level but have very, very robust top line growth and that when opportunities present themselves, either locally or more broadly, we always examine.  However, as you say, there's nothing on the burners right now, nor do we expect there to be, but at the same time, we do expect this very strong volume to continue. For example I gave, a few moments ago, the numbers saying that we grew around 12% in sales in oral care during the quarter; we also grew 8% if you take our home care business, which is brands like Softsoap and so on, including detergents; that grew about 8%, so that's not too shabby, either.
Jason Gere - A.G. Edwards & Sons:  That's terrific.
Reuben Mark:  Can we have, say, one more question, if that's okay? If there's not too long a queue?
Operator: Our final question will come from Ursula Moran - Bear Stearns.
Ursula Moran - Bear Stearns: I will keep this very quick. It's a follow-up on Hill's. I thought that you said at the beginning that consumption in supermarkets was outpacing other channels. I just wanted some detail on that, if that in fact is true.
Reuben Mark:  No, I think the comment was specialty channels rather than supermarkets.
Ursula Moran - Bear Stearns:  Okay, sorry for the misunderstanding and thanks.
Reuben Mark: Okay, great. All right, I guess that brings us to the close. Thanks so much. We are pleased with what's going on. I hope you are and we look forward to continuing the good results into the next year or two. Thanks so much.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. Have a great day.

===== 2006 Q1  (2006-04-26 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Bina Thompson, VP, IR, Colgate-Palmolive   Reuben Mark, Chairman and CEO, Colgate-Palmolive   Ian Cook, President and COO, Colgate-Palmolive   Javier Teruel, Vice Chairman   Steve Patrick, Chief Financial Officer   Dennis Hickey, Corporate Controller   Edward Filusch, VP & Corporate Treasurer
Analysts: John Faucher, JP Morgan   Javier Escalante, Morgan Stanley   Amy Chasen, Goldman Sachs   April Scee, Banc of America Securities   Wendy Nicholson, Citigroup   Bill Chappell, SunTrust Robinson Humphrey   Christopher Ferrara, Merrill Lynch   Lauren Lieberman, Lehman Brothers   Linda Bolton Weiser, Oppenheimer   Alice Longley, Buckingham Research   Alec Patterson, RCM   Constance Maneaty, Prudential Equity Group   Bill Schmitz, Deutsche Bank   Joe Altobello, CIBC World Markets   Daniel Chris, Federated Investors   Sandhya Beebee with HSBC   Elena Mills, Atlantic Equities   Mary Ann Dzuback, Private Investor
Operator: Good day, and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company First Quarter 2006 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgate.com. Just a reminder, there will be a slight delay before the question-and-answer session begins due to the web simulcast. At this time for opening remarks and introduction, I would like to turn the conference over to Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson. Please go ahead.
Bina Thompson, Vice President, Investor Relations: Thanks Sara. Good morning, everybody, and welcome to our First Quarter 2006 Earnings Conference Call. With me this morning are Reuben Mark, Chairman and CEO; Ian Cook, President and Chief Operating Officer; Javier Teruel, Vice Chairman; Steve Patrick, CFO; Dennis Hickey, Corporate Controller; and Ed Filusch, Treasurer. Our remarks this morning will refer to our first quarter results and ongoing expectations excluding restructuring charges, 46.8 million after-tax in the first quarter and incremental charges related to stock compensation due to the implementation this quarter of FASB 123(R), 12.1 million after-tax in the first quarter. These items are included in the as reported numbers contained in this morning's press release and accompanying financial statements. The reported GAAP results with reconciliation to the results excluding these items are included in the press release and posted on the Investor Relations page of our website at http://www.colgate.com/. We're delighted to report what we think is a very strong quarter, one which set first quarter records on virtually every line of the P&L, sales, gross profit margins, advertising levels, operating profits and earnings per share. Unit volume was strong across all our operating units and particularly impressive on a worldwide basis when compared with the really excellent volume quarter a year ago. This healthy sales growth coupled with a strong gross margin increase and a tight control on fixed expenses has allowed us to continue to invest behind our brands globally while still delivering double-digit operating profit and EPS growth. First, overall P&L. As I said, volume was excellent, up 7% excluding divestitures, pricing added a 1.5%. I think you all know that we've undertaken a worldwide initiative to improve the efficiency of trade spending, which should result in more positive pricing. We're still of course in the early stages, that we're excited with the progress we are making. The learnings that are being generated and expected to be an important driver in our gross margin growth over the next few years. A global currency negative of 1.5% primarily in Europe South Pacific, offset the pricing gain resulting in a total dollar sales increase of 7%. Our gross margin increased to 110 basis points, and we are very pleased with this progress, especially in light of the well known and widespread material cost increases. The pricing improvement I noted a minute ago improved product mix, our traditional funding the growth savings projects combined with the increasing savings from our restructuring and business building programs more than offset the raw unpacking material negative of a 150 basis points. Looking ahead on gross profit, we expect continued good gross profit gains through the balance of the year. As you know, we've been saying that our new higher range for gross profit improvement is an increase of 75 to 125 basis points. We fully expect to deliver this range, but where specifically we end up within it will be influenced by where oil prices settle as we go through the year. Our overhead expense declined as a percent of sales. Increased gross profit and reduced overhead expenses allowed us to increase worldwide advertising in the quarter by over 11% from 9.7% in last year's first quarter to 10.3% of sales reaching first quarter record levels in almost every division. In line with our business building objective, media increased as a percentage of sales while trade promotion declined. Operating profit increased 11%, the strongest increase in 12 quarters, to an all-time record. Our tax rate was 32%, at the top of the 31% to 32% range we have given you for the full year 2006. Net income increased 11%, and EPS increased 15% to a record $0.70. The balance sheet is strong and pre-tax cash generation was excellent. As mentioned in the release, after-tax cash generation was affected by the timing of estimated tax payments with no impact on our expected full year annual tax rate. Working capital at quarter-end was at a record low of 1.5%, with particularly good results in the accounts receivable area. Inventory days were at last year's level. Expectations for our restructuring and business building program in terms of charges and savings have not changed from what we told you at the beginning of the year. So, all in all, what we think is a great start to the year. Let's turn now to the divisions. First, North America, volume in North America increased 6.5%, excluding divestitures particularly impressive on top of the 7.5% increase in the year ago quarter. In the US alone, volume was up 8%. Pricing was even with last year and currency added 0.5% resulting in an overall sales gain of 7%. Advertising was up both absolutely and as a percent of sales, and media by itself increased over 20%. Operating profit declined 3% but as we noted in this morning's press release, would have been up mid single digits excluding the detergent divestitures and is expected to be well up for the full year. Strong investments on existing and new products have helped drive the strong volumes. US consumption of Colgate products was up 11% in the quarter and also was particularly strong in the channels not tracked by AC Nielsen. In toothpaste, our all outlet dollar share for the first quarter as measured by Nielsen is at a record 36.5%, up 30 basis points from the year-ago quarter and up 2 full points from the fourth quarter of last quarter. Our share in the Hispanic market was particularly strong, increasing more than in the market overall as we intensify our already strong focus on that fast-growing segment of the market. And as you all know, consistent with our emphasis on the high-margin businesses of oral and personal care, we recently announced the acquisition of Tom's of Maine. This will give us a strong presence in the naturals category and gives us the opportunity to enter the fast growing healthy and specialty channel. This acquisition should close sometime in the second quarter. Our most recent new launch in the US toothpaste category Colgate Luminous is doing well with its highest monthly share yet in March, almost 3 full share points, aided by continued strong media support. In toothbrushes, our manual toothbrush share reached another record, 23.1%, up a full point from the year ago quarters, driven in particular by the strong performance of Colgate 360-degree Toothbrush. Two new toothbrushes in the kids segment, Dora the Explorer and more recently SuperMat are also helping drive growth. And in the liquid soap category, new products such as Softsoap Shea Butter and Softsoap Kitchen Fresh Hands have allowed us to maintain our strong market leading position with over 43% of the markets. This business had particularly strong growth in club stores and other non-tracked channels. You'll hear about more new products as we go through the year and this along with the current business momentum gives us encouragement for continued good results in North America. Looking ahead, we expect volume in the second quarter, excluding divestitures, to be up mid single digits, and for the full year as well. Operating profit should be up mid-to-high single digits for the quarter and year. Turning then to Europe South Pacific. Volume in Europe South Pacific increased 8%, excluding divestitures, with good growth from Western and Central Europe as well as the South Pacific region. And this is particularly impressive given the difficult business conditions in Western Europe. Pricing declined 2.5%, an indication of the continued competitive nature of these businesses, particularly in Western Europe. Currency was negative 9%, resulting in an overall sales decline of 3.5%. However, local currency sales were up almost 6%. Also on a local currency basis, advertising was up both absolutely and as a percent of sales. And as a result of the strong foreign exchange negative, operating profit was down on a dollar basis but up locally and as a percent of sales. In Western Europe, the macroeconomic environment continues to be a challenge with very little GDP growth, less than 0.5% in the fourth quarter of last year. Consumer confidence is still somewhat shaky, so we're very pleased with the nice growth in Colgate's volumes across many of the countries in the EU. In Central Europe, every country delivered double-digit volume growth. New products continue to play a critical role in our Western European progress. Last quarter, we told you about two new initiatives in toothpaste, Colgate Time Control and the Colgate Sensitive Multi-Protection. The Time Control product was a 10-regional launch. The shipping started in February, and met with strong trade acceptance, resulting in product distribution build up. Colgate Sensitive Multi-Protection was launched in countries with significant sensitive segments. Sales and results exceeded expectations, which is very encouraging, as the product commands premium pricing and higher margins. We saw toothpaste share gains in the UK, Spain and Greece, among other countries, with the UK reaching another record share in the latest period over 47%. In the toothbrush category, we continued to see excellent momentum for the second year launch of Colgate 360. Our Western European share is almost 3 full points ahead of the year-ago period, at 18.3%, and in most recent period is 18.5%. This was driven by stellar performance in the UK, where the toothbrush share is at 26.2%, 10 points over the year-ago period. In Central Europe, market shares increased across the region in six of 10 categories. We're even in three and down in only one. Both toothpaste and toothbrushes showed good gains. Our South Pacific business showed good results as well. In Australia, our toothpaste share is up 3.2 points year-over-year to 66.6, the latest share at 67. This is due to improved shelf presence as well as the sales of our newly launched Sensitive and Max Fresh toothpaste. Our share of toothbrushes is up 5 points, to 42.6%, due to the continued success of 360 degree toothbrush. So certainly, a good start to the year for Europe South Pacific, and we're encouraged by the health of the business across the board. Volume for the second quarter and the full year is expected to be up mid-single digits excluding divestitures. And dollar operating profit is expected to be up modestly in the second quarter, accelerating as we go through the year, resulting in single -- mid-single digit growth for full year 2006. Latin America. Volume in Latin America increased 7% on top of the 9% increase in the first quarter of 2005. Pricing increased 6.5%, and a favorable exchange added another 4% resulting in an overall dollar sales increase of 17.5%. Advertising increased very strongly, up absolutely and as a percent of sales. And operating profit increased 29.5% to a record level of 30.5%. We're, of course, delighted with the results in Latin America. Every subsidiary grew in volume as a result of our continued strong consumption building programs coupled with new product activity. Economies throughout the region appear healthy, showing good GDP growth with inflation under control. Across the region, our toothpaste share climbed to 74.2%, an increase of 1.7 points over the year ago period. This share growth was driven by strong performance in the key markets of Mexico, Brazil, Colombia, Venezuela and Central America of Colgate Total as well as other premium priced new product launches, such as Colgate Max Fresh and Sensitive. We've just launched a new TV campaign behind Max Fresh in the second quarter, which should further drive growth. Max Fresh was launched in Brazil in February, exceeding expectations. So this bodes well for our market share in that large country, which is already up almost 3 points year-over-year and does not yet reflect the market share reads for Max Fresh. In Mexico, our toothpaste market share has maintained its high level of 80%. Our regional toothbrush market share is holding strong at a third of the market. As you know, our Colgate 360 degree toothbrush has met with phenomenal success where it has been launched. It is only now being launched in Latin America, which means that we should see continued growth in toothbrushes this year and next. In the bar soap category, we're enjoying share growth as well. All our top five markets are doing well with share records being achieved in Brazil, Central America, Colombia and Venezuela. Palmolive Nutri-Milk, our first entry in the moisturizing segment continues to drive share as well as Protex OS. An example of this success would be in Columbia, where with only one year in the market, Protex OS is now the number one variant with almost a 7 share in the last period. As you know, we are a leader in liquid soap around the world with more than 40% market share here in the US. This is a new and very fast growing category in Latin America. We've already established ourselves as the clear leader in Brazil with a 26.1% share, up 3.5 points from a year ago. Learning from this success, we've implemented a growth plan across the rest of the region beginning in this quarter with the launch of Palmolive Nutri-Milk liquid soap. Volume in Latin America is expected to continue to grow mid-to-high single digits for the balance of the year. Operating profit is expected to grow double digits for the balance of the year. Greater Asia/Africa. Volume in Greater Asia/Africa increased 7%, including divestitures, on top of the 9% increase in the year-ago quarter. Pricing added 2.5%, while foreign exchange was negative 1% resulting in a sales gain of 8.5%. Advertising was up strong double digit, up absolutely and as a percent of sales, and operating profit increased in line with sales. Volume was strong across Greater Asia as well as in Africa. As elsewhere, new product activity and strong support behind the base business has resulted in good market share gains. In Greater China, our market share continues to grow, and our premium business is very healthy behind very effective promotions designed around the Chinese New Year. Our volume was essentially even with last year's first quarter when volume grew 18%. The recent launch of Max Fresh has met with great success. Our most recent share is at almost 35% of the market, up from about 32 at year-end, as we widen the gap with our nearest competitor. In toothbrushes, we've also strengthened our leadership position, currently at 35.6% of the market. And we've only just launched the 360 degree toothbrush with media support still to come. In India, we increased market share in toothpaste and toothbrushes. We achieved a record share in toothbrushes of 33.4%, up almost 6 full share points from the year-ago period. Other countries achieving record toothbrush share behind our launch of our 360 degree toothbrush, were Thailand, the Philippines, Hong Kong, Russia and the Ukraine. In Russia, our shares are up in six to eight product categories with healthy new product activity across all categories. The Russian subsidiary continues to grow volume strong double digits. Additionally, our move to a local contract manufacturer for our personal care products will contribute to good gross margin gains there, going forward, and for the division as a whole. The momentum in Greater Asia/Africa continues, and we're encouraged for the year as a whole. Our divestiture of the detergent business is now complete. In addition, we're just implementing our ROI toolkit, which is the first phase in our worldwide program to increase efficiency in our trade spending. Volume growth, excluding divestitures for the second quarter and full year, is expected to continue at current level, and operating profit growth should improve in the second quarter. Operating profit growth for the full year should be in the mid-to-high single digits. And finally, Hill's. Hill's volume increased 5.5%. As the press release stated, this is the best volume performance in 12 quarters. Pricing added another 4.5%, while foreign exchange was negative 3% resulting in an overall sales increase of 7%. Advertising was up double digits, up both absolutely and as a percent of sales. And operating profit increased 6%. Volume increased well both in North America and internationally. We're very pleased with our results given the price increases which we took earlier this year. In the US, we continued to invest in a variety of business building activities to drive consumption, such as in-the-store demonstration programs, animal shelter feeding programs, vet sensing programs, sponsorship of veterinary conferences and symposia, and veterinary college feeding programs. As you know, our Hill's products are the most highly recommended by the vet profession over 7-to-1 success over the nearest competitor. And many of these activities helped to strengthen our longstanding partnerships. Our launch of Prescription Diet, BD, formulated for dogs with food allergies, exceeded first quarter expectations by 20%. Prescription Diet, JD, formulated for dogs with arthritis, has also done exceptionally well. Strong testimonial advertising behind our Science Diet line is going on air as we speak. Our international business is also doing well with some of our newer geographies growing double-digits. Even in Japan, where the overall macroeconomic situation remains very challenging, we've maintained share in a market that is declining overall due to our constant stream of innovative new products. So looking ahead for Hill's, volume growth is expected to remain at current levels for the second quarter and for the full year. Operating profits should be up double digits for the second quarter and full year as well. So in summary, we're delighted with the way 2006 has started. Volume growth is strong and broad based. Our gross margin increase was notable and especially so in today's continued environment of increased raw material prices. And we're very encouraged by the strength of our operating profit growth worldwide. Many of the elements of our restructuring and business building program are beginning to bear fruit, and our market shares are strong and growing everywhere. We look forward to sharing our progress as we go through the remainder of the year. And now, Sarah, I would like to open the floor for questions, if we could, please?
Operator:
Operator Instructions:
Reuben Mark, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer: Sarah, this is Reuben Mark. Don't push it if there are no questions.
Operator:
Operator Instructions:
Q - John Faucher: Yes. Good morning everyone. Reuben, I don't think you're going to be that lucky. There's probably going to be a lot of questions. I was wondering, as we look at the Latin American margin performance, it obviously drove a ton of the profit growth. Can you talk a little bit about sort of how we should look at this over the balance of the year in terms of investment levels in different regions? Should we expect Latin America with the continued strength there to maybe fund additional investment in the other markets over the course of the year? Assuming that's what happened this year when you look at these sort of the outsize margin expansion in that region?
A - Reuben Mark: Well, Latin America from our formal estimates, from a top line point of view, is expected to grow well throughout the year. So, somewhere between 7% and 8% volume growth and it should be quite substantial for the rest of the year as well. Whether there will be as much pricing who knows, but their operating profit is expected -- it was up very substantially during this quarter. It is expected to be up double-digit each quarter for the year and for the year as a whole. And from an advertising point of view gross profit is also expected to be up substantially all year. And advertising -- again advertising will be up both as a percentage of sales and absolutely in Latin America. So yes, it will be helping other divisions to a certain extent, but in itself it is very healthy with a very good percentage of operating profit sales and at the same time an increasing advertising sales. So one would expect the volume will continue quite strong.
Q - John Faucher: So it sounds like you took more of a portfolio view of the Latin American business this quarter in terms of saying, look, this gives us the opportunity to fund some more stuff in other regions, is that fair?
A - Reuben Mark: We generally do that. We operate the business on a global basis as you know, John, in order to ensure that everybody gets the spending they need. And the fact that we had the -- what actually was 170 points of -- basis points of price and 110 basis points of gross profit, they allow us to do that even more than we normally would.
Q - John Faucher: Okay. Thanks.
A - Reuben Mark: Good. Thanks John.
Operator: Next we'll hear from Javier Escalante with Morgan Stanley.
Q - Javier Escalante: Hi good morning everyone. First, the quick question on gross margin, if you can give us the components in the quarter and how you see them trending for the balance of the year in terms of pricing, restructuring, savings and funding the growth? And then I have a quick follow-up question.
A - Reuben Mark: Sure. Javier as we would normally do, as you frequently ask, the breakdown of the 110 basis points that we recorded was pricing gave us 0.7, that's basically the translation of the 1.5 or 1.7 positive into gross profit terms. The various savings programs are normal funding of growth. The restructuring and everything else that's going on gave us a 1.1, 110 basis points. The material prices, which everybody of course has negatives on, was negative 1.5. And all other changes, which are mixed, in the divestment and various other things gave another 0.8 positive. So if you add those all up, that comes out as a one-one.
Q - Javier Escalante: And if you could help us, give us kind of how you see them trending for the balance of the year, that would be helpful.
A - Reuben Mark: Sure. We had stated earlier that we had raised -- Javier our expectations from 50 to 100 to 125. We do expect it to come in at that range this year. We expect each quarter to come in at that range each year, although that's always a dangerous thing to say. But nonetheless, we expect that. And as the -- I believe Bina mentioned that where oil price averages out for the year will influence some extent where we end up in that range. But we, I guess, the only way I can summarize it, we are looking quite good on gross profit.
Q - Javier Escalante: But if oil stays, let's say, at this very high level, do you think that with the savings and the current price level that you guys have, you could weather a double cost environment or do you believe that you would consider taking more pricing, let's say in the bigger categories like toothpaste or dishwashing?
A - Reuben Mark: Well, as you would expect we're being as aggressive as competitive conditions and cost rationales allow us around the world. Therefore you see the good price numbers. In some markets competitively, it's not very possible. Europe being -- Western Europe being one. But the net result of it all, Javier, is that we had projected double-digit earnings and our expectation is we will in fact be there for the year, wherever -- that's a rash claim, but wherever oil settles, because if it goes out of sight, our expectation is that we will be able to raise prices. And beyond that as you know we are less dependent on oil than many.
Q - Javier Escalante: And quickly on China, I know, I mean, the weakness in the quarter in terms of the timing, did the slowdown take place late in the quarter, because we met your China team in March, and at that point they hadn't seen any weakness. And if more strategically you help us understand whether the factors driving the slowdown, is it the price increases that you took early in the quarter. How do you see the category evolving in China?
A - Reuben Mark: Well I'm -- actually, March was a good month in China and the quarter finished well. China was -- Greater China was flat, even with last year's volume, which went up 18% as you know. Our market share -- again as you know we have a very narrow focus in China. Our latest shares are about 35, which is up from the 31 or 32 in December in toothbrush -- in toothpaste. And -- let me see where the -- I guess I don't have it - the toothbrush share is also good. Our expectations for what it's worth moving forward is in the China region, the entire region, we would expect volume to be up in the second quarter, the third quarter, and the fourth quarter, and up as a result, about mid singles for the full year.
Q - Javier Escalante: So basically, what's kind of like a glitch in the quarter, because of the holiday, the New Year, the Chinese New Year. Do you think that was a factor for the flat volume in the quarter?
A - Reuben Mark: Yeah. I'm not sure the volume was very different, last year being such a strong first quarter. For example our second quarter expectations and we're starting off that way are somewhat high -- quite a bit higher and we beyond it. I think you're trying to find a difficulty, Javier, where I'm not sure it exactly exists.
Q - Javier Escalante: No, no. I mean, it's just basically the thing is -- as you know we visited China in March. It's not a difficulty. It's just that basically, back then we were told that there was no weakness and basically the timing of the Chinese New Year hadn't been a factor or there was so - because your competitor had brought that up earlier in a mid quarter release, so basically it just was a little bit inconsistent with what we had heard about 
A - Reuben Mark: Javier given what we had heard about what other people brought up, we are quite pleased with the finish.
Q - Javier Escalante: It was a very good quarter.
A - Reuben Mark: I mean finished in China specifically. And as you know from your own experience that in the Asia portion of the world, it's the timing of the monsoon that a sales manager will tell you affect sales. And in Latin America, it's Carnival and then it's Chinese New Year in the Orient and so on. There's always, but my question always is, well, gee, didn't we have Chinese New Year last year and didn't we have that when we made up the budget. But -- so we were actually quite pleased with the finish in Asia in general and China. As you know the rest of Asia was extremely good, India ended up with volume over 11%. The Pacific Rim was strong as well. So I think what you learned there really came to pass. I'm not sure that you could characterize that as 
Q - Javier Escalante: Absolutely it was an excellent quarter and even further you have to say, is elections. Okay.
A - Reuben Mark: Okay. Bye, bye. Yes right. Absolutely. Mexico elections as well.
Q - Javier Escalante: Exactly. Bye, bye.
Operator: Well take our next question comes from Amy Chasen with Goldman Sachs.
Q - Amy Chasen: Hi. I'm just curious about the volume upside sort of across the board in all of the regions. Would you attribute that to just more efficiency from your ROI program or is there something else generally going on that allowed you to accelerate that volume so nicely?
A - Reuben Mark: Well, Amy, Seamus McBride who you know and I think a number of people know who is -- runs our US Company and also is in charge of this worldwide ROI and promotion program is in the room, and he would be delighted if I said, it was due to that. But I think it's little early days to say, I think that we came out of last year with quite strong more -- volume momentum worldwide. We were able to build our advertising spending as you know, and we are getting more efficient at the various spending mechanisms, and it's continuing. It really reflects real consumption as I'm not sure was mentioned in the press release or in Bina's comments, I guess it was in Binas comments that the US for example had an increase of 11% in consumption and through Nielsen and very substantially outside of Nielsen. So that's a -- the shipments are reflecting the takeaway in the market share.
Q - Amy Chasen: Okay. Great. And it sounds like -- you mentioned working capital, and there seemed to be a focus in your prepared comments on that. That was greater than it's been in recent calls. Is this, I know it's something you've always focused on at the company, but is this sort of a renewed focus on this, and do you see a new opportunity to bring DSOs down more than you had anticipated?
A - Reuben Mark: There's always a focus on it. As you know we run reasonably tight on the balance sheet side. We did reach as I recall 1.5% in total working capital, which is lower than we had last year and lower than we've had historically. That's a combination of a pretty good drop in receivables and basically a maintenance on a percentage of sales basis or on a days outstanding -- days supplies of inventory. But yes, we have a constant focus on that, and a lot of the restructuring benefits that Javier - our Javier -- has been leading will affect the supply chain and will ultimately affect our percentage of sales as inventory. Actually it is progressing quite well.
Q - Amy Chasen: Okay. Great. Last question is just that pricing number, how much of that was list price versus the reduction of inefficient trade spend?
A - Reuben Mark: Okay. Actually that's not easy to define but I mean -- and also my folder on it, is not that easy to find. But I do have a folder on it. Let me dig it up. As I recall, it was about a ratio of 40% from gross to net and 60% from price increases. And I'm looking at the piece of paper and it's about -- yes, two-thirds from price increases and one-third from gross to net.
Q - Amy Chasen: Great. Thank you.
A - Reuben Mark: Good. Thanks.
Operator: Now, we'll hear from April Scee with Banc of America Securities.
Q - April Scee: Yeah. I just have a few questions about North America. The first is now that the detergent business has been divested, shouldn't the operating margin be going up and what is your margin opportunity there? And then, on pricing, it looks like this was the easiest pricing comp in North America for the year. What should we be expecting on pricing going forward? And then finally, for Wal-Mart and the de-stocking issues that folks have been talking about, was there something that you saw there that you were just able to offset maybe better than some of your peers during the quarter? Thanks.
A - Reuben Mark: Well, April, you have to obviously decide about better than the peers. There was a de-stocking affect from not just from Wal-Mart but from other big trade elements. If you as I said earlier, the US volume was up 8%. If you add back in, though, specific Wal-Mart percent that gave a 0.5% to 1%, about a 0.5% on top of it, but if you add the de-stocking and I can give you the actual trade inventories which are down a substantial amount. If you add those back, it really gets the volume up to about 11%, which is interestingly equivalent to the consumption figure that we have separately. But let's talk pricing in the US. The current projections are that we should have a positive pricing number for the full year, and the second quarter should be modestly up and increasingly after that. There have been a couple of price increases, which are nothing more than you know about. But that will take effect and a lot of this other promotional stuff will start to bite I'm sorry, I'm looking at the operating profit but the number was pressed pricing at the same analysis. Hang on one sec. Yeah, okay. Good. Yeah. So if we look at it was flat this quarter as we said, it's going to be up about 0.5% for the year, and that should start in the second quarter as I said a moment ago. But the comments I was making were really on the figures on operating profit. Operating profit should be up for the year in all of North America. Hang on one sec -- (off-mike comments) sorry one sec. Operating profit will be up in each of the next three quarters and with increasing velocity as we go through. For the year in North America operating profit should be up, based on our current projections, mid-to-high single digits.
Q - April Scee: Okay. Thank you.
A - Reuben Mark: Thanks April.
Operator: Now, we'll hear from Wendy Nicholson with Citigroup.
Q - Wendy Nicholson: Hi. If you could just clarify a couple of things, I'm not sure I understand, frankly, on why pricing in the US wouldn't have been up in the first quarter. If you raised prices on something late in the year and we saw that benefit in the fourth quarter, why doesn't that translate through? Does that just mean there was more promotion in the first quarter?
A - Reuben Mark: I think there's two things, Wendy. Number one is we had a major push in the first quarter to build our business in club stores, very specifically with toothbrushes and toothpaste. But and as a result of that, since the mix that goes into club stores is almost by definition lower price on average per unit, that affected it number one. And number two, there was a major push in the promotional push by our toothpaste competitor in the fourth quarter, and as we habitually do we met it. All that being said, again, on a worldwide basis, it was up, and our US pricing is expected to be up as I just said in my conversation with April.
Q - Wendy Nicholson: Okay. Got that. Okay, thanks. Now, two more questions. Hill's, you talked about double-digit profit increases for the balance of the year.
A - Reuben Mark: Wendy let me answer quick, is do I interpret frankly, to be a positive or a negative word?
Q - Wendy Nicholson: You have to wait to read my note.
A - Reuben Mark: Okay, good.
Q - Wendy Nicholson: Okay. Just to be clear. Hill's, you talked about profits being up in the balance of the year. And I wondered whether that was a function of an outlook for easing raw material prices. It sounds like that's hugely important category for you, and I assume advertising spending still going to be up.
A - Reuben Mark: It is. As you know, Hill's operating profit was up in the fourth quarter, and the expectation, it will be up throughout the year. That's combined first of all it's combined with a increasing gross profit in every on a percentage basis, and absolutely in each quarter. And advertising through the year will be up double digit and essentially that every quarter.
Q - Wendy Nicholson: Okay. Perfect. And then, my last question 
A - Reuben Mark: Hill's business is actually quite good as I think, Bina mentioned, 5.5% volume increase is the best in several years.
Q - Wendy Nicholson: Yes. Looked awesome. My last question is on Latin America just following up on this on the terrific strength there. Or --when a bunch of us were down in Brazil in December, the General Manager told us pretty clearly that the subsidiary and I think throughout Latin America had taken a huge initiative to, kind of, build consumption partly with the expectation that Procter was going to get more aggressive pulling the Crest and Oral B brands together. And that some of the volume growth that your business had seen in Latin America, specifically in 2005, was a result of that, sort of, heavier offensive investment spending. And I guess not only in Latin America were it seems like the volume growth is great, but have you seen or begun to see in any of your major subsidiaries more of an offensive approach from P&G as it relates to bringing those brands together?
A - Reuben Mark: I can't say, as I'm looking at the people who would know in more detail than I. I have not heard of that but let me give you let me -- since we were down in Brazil, last year the -- we ended up with a double-digit volume increase in the fourth quarter and for the year as a whole. And the first quarter started off with a 13% volume increase in Brazil, which is not all toothpaste but largely toothpaste and personal care. And so that looks quite good. And as I say, Latin America as a whole, ended up with a 5% volume growth in the fourth quarter and a 7% volume growth in the first quarter. So if anything, it would appear to be accelerating rather than decelerating. And our projections on going for the next couple of quarters are also well into our 4% to 7% volume ranges.
Q - Wendy Nicholson: Got it. Sounds great. Thanks, Reuben.
A - Reuben Mark: Thanks Wendy.
Operator: Next we'll move to Bill Chappell with SunTrust.
Q - Bill Chappell: Good morning. Just two separate questions. First, on the advertising spend, do you expect that to continue to be up kind of double-digits for the remaining quarters this year or was that tied to new product launches? And then second, kind of separately on the restructuring charges, can you maybe give us a little color on what those were for this quarter and kind of where you see the improvements from them?
A - Reuben Mark: Okay. On the advertising, we -- when you said new products, obviously, we have new products around the world in 200 countries, but the expectation is that, for the year, advertising will be up double-digit. It was up double-digit this quarter. Bina used the figure 11%. It's expected to be more or less in that range in each of the next three quarters. So that's for the first question. Second question, restructuring projects, I can read you a whole bunch of them. In the charges in this quarter were for Dental Cream consolidation in North America. You may recall we told you that we were going to close our factory in Jeffersonville, Indiana. That has been announced and that is underway. And we are going to be building a new factory in Morristown, Tennessee. So that was 14 million. Similarly, we closed our facility in Kansas City, and are consolidating our soap -- have already consolidated our soap at an outside contractor. That's 11 million. And Dental Cream Europe toothpaste in Europe about 10 million, and then some miscellaneous smaller things.
Q - Bill Chappell: Got it. I guess the broader question is, on the restructuring program, are we on schedule, ahead of schedule?
A - Reuben Mark: Yeah, we are on schedule, Bill. We are where we had said we were going to be in the January conference call. The overall savings over the entire period of time are -- as other charges are within the original guidance when we announced it in 2004. And it is now accelerating, and the savings will accelerate throughout this year.
Q - Bill Chappell: Okay. And then, just one final, I assume your double-digit EPS growth guidance assumes a certain level of portfolio, I mean, has that been updated or can you maybe quantify what the swing factor is on that?
A - Reuben Mark: Of course, we have as you would expect, we have quantified it. As I, I think I mentioned, but perhaps not, is that every $2 in the cost of oil costs us $0.01 a share. Our job is, and we have here to fore done it, is to offset that. And this morning oil was 72.55 or whatever it was a barrel. But in answer to an earlier question I said that, number one, I think our savings programs are running somewhat better than we had anticipated. We have a whole potentially incremental source in Janice's project. And the history is that when those prices are passed along, normally in most countries they can be further passed along to the consumer. But we shall see. We are very confident, as I say, of delivering a double-digit earnings this year.
Q - Bill Chappell: Okay. Thank you.
A - Reuben Mark: Thank you, Bill.
Operator: Next we'll hear from Christopher Ferrara with Merrill Lynch.
Q - Christopher Ferrara: Hi. I was wondering if you could talk about Europe -- I guess, specifically your ability and by the way, given the comp was easier -- your volume growth was strong, yet pricing was downwards and margin was up. So I guess how were you able to drive margin percentage up in that type of environment? I mean was there a sort of disproportionate restructuring saving there?
A - Reuben Mark: There were not disproportionate savings. The -- a specific answer to that -- and this is probably more specific than you want to be -- our volume was terrific in the UK, I mean, extraordinary. And the UK has the highest because it's personal care and oral care company has the highest margin in Europe. So that even though it came down with pricing slightly, the increased UK mix part helped the margin. Nobody told me that. I'm just supposing that. I'm looking at the financial people. Okay. So to a certain extent, part of that is mix. Secondly, we have good volume and good margin growth in Eastern Europe. Third, that surprisingly good volume in what some people call old Europe. And together, that added up to a slight negative in pricing, an obvious negative with foreign exchange offset by good volume and good mix.
Q - Christopher Ferrara: Got it. And then just 
A - Reuben Mark: If you're interested, Chris, in terms of projections, we expect the margin in Europe -- hang on second - to be -- the second quarter of last year was a bit lower, so one would expect that the margin growth would be even a little higher. The gross profit growth will be a little higher next quarter than previous -- than the first quarter. And as a result, our expectations are that EBIT will be up slightly in dollars, obviously, substantially in local currency.
Q - Christopher Ferrara: Got it. That's great. And just also on Asia and Africa. I noticed that the margins stayed flat on a reported basis, but ex-divestitures based on what you guys have said, margin would have gone. So I guess why would that have been if you're divesting a lower margin business?
A - Reuben Mark: Track me through it again. If we're divesting a low margin business, I think the comment was not on margin, it was on operating profit. So let me explain Chris, that on the detergents even though the gross margin is say 35, and the operating profit is only 12 versus the company's 21 or so, you are still making a bunch of operating profit that when you sell it you give away, and by no means does the interest on the money that you've received come anywhere near short term equaling that. So the job is -- and you wouldn't divest it unless you thought you could overcome it -- that in a couple of quarters you will have overcome that and that you will have the positive growth. But for the first quarter when it's divested, we divested it as I recall literally at the end of the year. This is a -- so that there's -- you tell me I can't remember the number -- $10 million of operating profit or so that we simply have to make up over time, and will.
Q - Christopher Ferrara: Right. I was just talking more in terms of, I guess, ex-divestitures your EBIT would have grown faster than your sales. I mean like ex divestitures your margin percentage would have gotten better 
A - Reuben Mark: Yes. The net through operating margin percentage, yes the in fact by divesting the detergents, the operating -- the gross profit went up, but short term, the operating profit went down. It did, however go up as a percentage of sales, which is what you want. If I'm not being clear either ask it again, or let's talk separately.
Q - Christopher Ferrara: Yes. That we can, I can -- we can handle that offline. I don't want to take up too much time. Thank you though.
A - Reuben Mark: Thank, Chris.
Operator: Now we'll hear from Lauren Lieberman with Lehman Brothers.
Q - Lauren Lieberman: Great. Thank you. Good morning. Can you give me the split of cost savings, how much was from restructuring benefits and how much was from just the ongoing funding growth programs?
A - Reuben Mark: I don't think we're going, we break those out actually, but together, Lauren, I believe I said it was 1.1. And about two-thirds of it is from our funding the growth and the third is most around the third is from restructuring.
Q - Lauren Lieberman: Okay. Great. And then, I guess I'm still not really clear on why you're expecting to see acceleration in operating profit growth through the year for North America and for Hill's.
A - Reuben Mark: Okay.
Q - Lauren Lieberman: And sort of what changes as we move to the year, is that more of restructuring savings is it more pricing if volume growth is going to pretty much, strong and consistent in Q1?
A - Reuben Mark: Okay, number one, Hill's took a price increase, I believe in January in the US and elsewhere. And despite that they had 5.5% volume. Their volume is expected to be more or less at that level throughout the year, perhaps if it goes well even a tad higher. So volume are good, the effect of that price increase will be reflected in sales and margin and operating profit as we go through the year. Also the gross profit, which was up in this quarter nicely, will be up at least -- the plan is to be up even more nicely for the year. So the -- and advertising is as I mentioned earlier is up, but a good volume trend with a very high margin category and mix moving in the right direction should give us -- our operating profit for the year is to touch or go slightly over double digits, and historically they have come in pretty close to what they estimate.
Q - Lauren Lieberman: Okay. And then how about North America, that was just Hills?
A - Reuben Mark: Yes. I'm sorry.
Q - Lauren Lieberman: Thank you.
A - Reuben Mark: North America, there it is primarily a pricing difference that, it is expected, and I have the man who is in charge of the division -- that starting in the second quarter, pricing will be more positive who is nodding, but indicating that that's not a slam-dunk, as they say, I'm just reading his nod.
Q - Lauren Lieberman: And if that going to be driven by the gross to net savings or buy list prices with the change?
A - Reuben Mark: Both from the point of view, that -- that we havent yet lapped the last year's price increases and the gross net is indeed taking strong form.
Q - Lauren Lieberman: Okay. Then also, if I could ask about Listerine from the Pfizer businesses. Can you give us an update on timing? Because I think your level of potential interest has been made clear, but what kind of timing have you put a bid in and when do you expect some resolution on that?
A - Reuben Mark: Okay, all the attorneys and quasi-attorneys around them are shaking their head, no. But it is in process. And I guess Pfizer or Pfizer's investment banking people will tell you. There is an orderly process. And we are at stage X, and a stage Y will be coming up. So if that is perfectly clear, I discharge my obligations.
Q - Lauren Lieberman: Okay. All right. Thank you.
A - Reuben Mark: Thanks Lauren.
Operator: Next we'll hear from Linda Bolton Weiser with Oppenheimer & Co.
Q - Linda Bolton Weiser: Thank you. I just wanted to clarify on the -- Reuben, when you were speaking about the European performance, I was under the impression that Eastern Europe was moved out of that segment into Greater Asia/Africa. And then Australia was moved into that segment. So wouldn't that have actually dampened the growth of that segment relative to how it was reported previously? And if so, maybe you could give a little more color on the rest of Europe other than the UK, because it still seems like very, very strong growth.
A - Reuben Mark: Well, you have to distinguish, if you could, Linda, between Central Europe and Eastern Europe holdings. So basically, Russia was moved to Asia because that is a developing country in the same sense that we perceive other companies -- countries are developing. If I'm correct, the other Central European countries remain in Europe. So that -- if you want me to, I will give you the volume for all those countries -- hang on one sec. In the record "new division," Poland was up double-digits, Romania, these are the -- we're talking about the -- Poland, Romania was up strongly, Nordic Group over 10%. UK, Ireland actually as I say earlier, very strong, virtually 20%. And then, if we look at the part of the Eastern Europe, which is Russia and basically Turkey, Russia was up very substantially, over 20%, and Turkey was up about 10%.
Q - Linda Bolton Weiser: Okay. That's helpful.
A - Reuben Mark: Good. Okay.
Q - Linda Bolton Weiser: Can I also ask something about cash flow? It seemed like the negative swing on operating cash flow in the quarter was due to accounts payable and other accruals. Is there anything unusual in the timing there, will that comparison improve later in the year?
A - Reuben Mark: Well, I think and as -- I have an analysis this year, I think Linda that the swing was virtually completely due to the tax. The estimated tax, if you add that back in, and I can give you the specifics, if you add that back in that gives us 10% or 11% increase in that figure. Yes. Let me make sure I give that to you accurately. And reasonably enough, it's in a folder labeled cash flow. The operating -- I can give these out, can't I?
A - Ian Cook: Sure.
A - Reuben Mark: Okay. The operating cash flow overall was 382.5 million. The tax payment was -- last year was 66 million, this year it's 160 million. So basically, 100 million difference and if you take that out, that's 10.6 increase in cash flow.
Q - Linda Bolton Weiser: Okay.
A - Reuben Mark: Okay.
Q - Linda Bolton Weiser: And then one more. Is option expense still expected to be $0.10 per share for the full year?
A - Reuben Mark: Yes, we've been saying -- I think I said originally $0.09 to $0.10. As you know, it came in slightly less than -- we are not getting hit very hard by this. The way it should lay out is that it was $0.02 in this quarter. Probably it will be $0.02 or maybe slightly less in the second quarter. The third quarter is when we give our new option so that's $0.04. And in the -- and the fourth quarter, it will probably be $0.01. So that's the way it lays out through the year.
Q - Linda Bolton Weiser: Okay, thank you very much.
A - Reuben Mark: Thanks Linda.
Operator: Now, we'll hear from Alice Longley with Buckingham Research.
Q - Alice Longley: Hi. Good morning. I've got two questions. One, within Europe one of your major competitors had said that in Germany, there is a shift going on at the consumer level somewhat from the hard discounters to the soft discounters and the soft discounters are more weighted to brands, unless the private label set should be good for you and the other companies selling major brands. Are you seeing that?
A - Reuben Mark: We're seeing a little of it, and also, we're seeing even the hard discounters starting to take a individual best-selling brands. It's just the tip of the iceberg but maybe very exciting.
Q - Alice Longley: Okay. And then my other question relates to Hill's. There was some concern about the pet market overall in the second half of last year in the specialty channel and supposedly, there was some improvement in the market here in the first quarter. Are you seeing -- what is the dog food market doing overall in the first quarter in the specialty channels? Was your performance all gaining share or was the market growing?
A - Reuben Mark: We grew somewhat faster than the market, but it is the specialty channel overall had grew just under 3% in volume and about 5% in sales fourth quarter '05 versus this quarter. An interesting phenomenon is that we're seeing a bit of resurgence in the pet retail, i.e., not the superstores but the pet retail as I'm sure you've heard that elsewhere, as it moves back just a trifle.
Q - Alice Longley: I'm sorry. The 3% increase in volume and 5% in sales, that was the first quarter?
A - Reuben Mark: It's fourth quarter '05 -- I'm sorry, yes, it's first versus year-to-date. That's correct with year-to-date. And.
Q - Alice Longley: So that was growth in the market this year, in the first quarter of '06?
A - Reuben Mark: Yes.
Q - Alice Longley: Okay.
A - Reuben Mark: Also, there are -- the pet retail categories volume were -- and this is data from late last year, were a couple of points higher than that. The highest rates within the specialty channels. That's pet retail excluding form and fee.
Q - Alice Longley: Okay, thanks a lot.
A - Reuben Mark: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mary Ann Dzuback (phonetic), Private Investor.
Q  Mary Ann: Hi Reuben, great quarter. I have a question in terms of the restructuring charges. Can you break and the cost savings probably more so but can you break out the cost savings by geography?
A - Reuben Mark: I don't have that here. Can you go onto some other questions, and I will see if somebody can get an approximation of that in interpolating other data?
Q  Mary Ann: The only other question I have is my long-standing one, and that's the definition of double digits. Is that 11 or 99?
A - Reuben Mark: It's not 99.
Q  Mary Ann: Okay.
A - Reuben Mark: It depends. I mean if you're talking about basis points of gross margin, it may be 99, if its EPS growth, I think you know the consensus and the range as well as we do, and we're happy with both the consensus and the range for the year.
Q  Mary Ann: Thank you.
A - Reuben Mark: And if we could, we can get back with an approximation of that, if we could Mary Ann.
Q - Mary Ann: Yes, thank you.
A - Reuben Mark: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Alec Patterson with RCM.
Q - Alec Patterson: Yes. Good morning. First, I just wanted to clarify, Reuben, your comments about the overall US retail inventory adjustments you experienced in the first quarter. And I believe you said that overall your US business probably saw about 300 basis points of sales lost to inventory de-stocking. Is that about right?
A - Reuben Mark: We don't want to make a big deal about it. We had a great first quarter in the US. We grew 8%. The Wal-Mart part would -- made it 8.5 or 9 and to our best of our calculations, it would have been 11. So you're saying -- I'm saying yes. But we historically do not talk about -- which is why we didn't talk about it in Bina's report or the press release. We do not normally talk about de-stockings and -- and what happens when they stock up? I mean so -- The answer is yes. And that is reflected Alec in -- I always answer more -- I give you more of an answer than you're asking. But if you'd look up in the classic announcements that we give whenever it's asked, is the number of weeks in the first quarter last year based on Nielsen, it was 9.3 weeks in the first quarter last year, and it was 9.3 in the fourth quarter. In the first quarter this year, it's 8.5. So that's - while it's not apples to apples certainly, I mean it's not directly translatable to the Wal-Mart or the other, it's an indication that in fact did happen.
Q - Alec Patterson: I mean that's a fairly significant de-stocking. Do you expect that this can continue through the year or conversely looking into next year, shipments should resume levels that match takeaway and thus there's obviously a nice little lift for you in the following year? But what is your outlook on how that's playing out?
A - Reuben Mark: Well, number one, the general de-stocking of US and obviously any place else in the world, it has been taking place over a period of time and is continuing. For example, if you take 2004, for the full year we had 9.4 weeks in the trade. We -- last year, we had 9.3 and this year, we're expecting 9.2 including the 8.5 in the first quarter. So we do have a bit of an expectation of a modest rebuild but that trend goes on over a long period of time. It is -- maybe it can affect somebody in one quarter, but basically you adjust to it as you go along, and it's not, I don't think, meaningful enough in anyone period of time to affect the results significantly.
Q - Alec Patterson: Yes. Not trying to take anything away from the results, just trying to understand what's going on. But in terms of that kind of impact maybe it's -- it is small in the broad company but did that have any impact on the overall, I mean to -- great gross margins, but the amount of gross margin contribution from the savings side seemed to be a little bit light. So I was just wondering, was there any impact due to de-stocking on your gross margin?
A - Reuben Mark: In the United States?
Q - Alec Patterson: In the US, and then obviously and partly implied.
A - Reuben Mark: But the savings worldwide were pretty good -- 110 basis point total savings is at the high-end of what we've historically done. And I think we may be able to continue to do that, but historically it's I think is pretty good. Domestically, the question - let me pose it to Seamus. Alec's question is that, did that the stocking affect in any way that we think the gross profit of - is that the question?
Q - Alec Patterson: Yes.
A - Reuben Mark: The answer to that. Both Seamus and Ian are shaking their heads and I look to the financial gurus they're shaking their heads, so I don't think so.
Q - Alec Patterson: Okay. That's fair enough. But, just funding the growth implied benefit two thirds of your 110 basis points, just pointed out that is quite a bit below the trend line that you guys have done over the past few years. And I guess I'm just trying to get a read, is there is something that is taking their contribution down, is the one time factor or it is just the nature of blending restructuring savings with funding the growth that this will be a smaller contribution?
A - Reuben Mark: I don't think so. I have to say Alec that at least from my perspective as I see the potential for savings, I'm talking about going back to when we had a 39% gross profit instead of a 56% gross profit, and the potential for savings, taking into account the restructuring, our normal savings programs, possible pricing and then this very important area of promotion, that I have never really felt as good about the overall savings programs as I do now. When I said a couple of times at various presentations that the fundamentals are good, since we run the company, all of us on a ratio basis, when I say the fundamentals, I mean the ability to generate gross margin to spend on advertising to drive market share and volume. So that's 
Q - Alec Patterson: Okay. That's fair. Will you guys be issuing an 8-K or anything to give us reclassified sales and earnings for the new divisions?
A - Reuben Mark: I think it's been issued.
Q - Alec Patterson: Okay.
A - Reuben Mark: I think it's been issued. Yes.
Q - Alec Patterson: Okay. Thank you.
A - Reuben Mark: Okay. Great.
A - Ian Cook: Thanks Alec.
Operator: Next we'll hear from Constance Maneaty with Prudential Equity Group.
Q - Constance Maneaty: Just a couple of quick questions. How many shares did you buy in the quarter? Did you finish the last authorization and have started on the new one? And what were the quarter end share?
A - Reuben Mark: Okay. We did finish the old authorization, and we are working on a new one. During, on a year-to-date basis -- we -- in the first quarter, we purchased 3.7 million shares at a cost of 205 million. In the second quarter so far and understanding that we have a blackout period so we only had -- we're buying for a couple of weeks I guess, we bought 217 million -- is that right? -- 217,000 shares at a cost of $12 million. So that's -- going back into history Connie, in the first quarter we bought at a faster rate -- substantially faster, 50% faster than either the third or fourth quarter last year.
Q - Constance Maneaty: Okay. Also the acquisition of Tom's of Maine suggests maybe a different segment for you. How big do you think that business could be in, say, five years, and which categories are most attractive to you?
A - Reuben Mark: Well, we have some great expectations for Tom's of Maine. And as you know that's -- the Naturals category is growing enormously, rapidly a multiple of what the traditional categories are growing. And fortunately Tom's enjoys very big, I mean, very big market share in the whole foods and those type of outlets. We have great expectations not just for this country and other categories, but internationally as well. We have -- is this legally, can I say? -- we have received the Hart-Scott-Rodino clearance, and so one would expect during this quarter, we will close on that acquisition. But again, it's not as much an acquisition. We do own about 85% of it, but it's a partnership with, as you know, Tom is the founder -- Tom Chappell is the founder of the company and his wife, and they retain a meaningful portion and will be continuing to run the business.
Q - Constance Maneaty: Would you guess that within, say, five years the Naturals category for you could be several hundred millions of dollars -- does it have that kind of potential?
A - Reuben Mark: If you were to say that, I'm not sure I would argue with it. But I have no -- on the other hand we don't talk a lot much anymore.
Q - Constance Maneaty: Okay. Thanks.
A - Reuben Mark: Okay.
Operator: Now we'll hear from Bill Schmitz with Deutsche Bank.
Q - Bill Schmitz: Good morning, Reuben.
A - Reuben Mark: Hi, Bill. How are you doing?
Q - Bill Schmitz: I'm fine. How are you?
A - Reuben Mark: Good.
Q - Bill Schmitz: Can you just talk about Europe a little more, because it seems like a lot of the European domiciled names, they posted some pretty sizable both volume and sales growth. So if something changed our marketplace is then now having the benefit of currency and kind of reinvesting a lot of that back into the marketplace because some other comments about France accelerating and Germany doing a little better doesn't kind of jibe with what some of the US guys have said so far?
A - Reuben Mark: Which US guys?
Q - Bill Schmitz: Well, Kimberly-Clark specifically.
A - Reuben Mark: Okay. The only thing -- Europe -- Western Europe remains the most difficult market in which we compete, there is no question, from a competitive point of view, promotional point of view, from a trade point of view. But despite that we are encouraged as Bina said that there are some very nice market share gains, again, in our core categories. Both Colgate and GABA have grown meaningfully in market share in Europe. We've got good gross margins in Europe, and historically pretty darn good operating margins. I don't know that our situation is different than anybody else's you'll have to tell me that. But so far we're pleased. The fact that we've got 8% volume growth in Europe, understanding that you have Australia in there and Eastern Europe, but there was positive growth in Western Europe, which is not easy volume growth in Western Europe, which is not easy to come by.
Q - Bill Schmitz: Okay. I mean, has the competitive set changed now with the European guys investing back currency?
A - Reuben Mark: The European guys doing what?
Q - Bill Schmitz: Investing back their currency gains?
A - Reuben Mark: I don't know that -- I mean we have currency negatives, but it depends in what currency they report. I mean if they report in euros, then there's no real gain, because they are -- if they were investing in the United States, they have a gain because they can invest dollar. In euro is a euro is a euro. So if they maintain their rate as advertising sales percentage, they don't have that opportunity. But the net of all of that, Bill, is that we are gaining in the categories that we really care about. We also had an interesting resurgence, as I recall, in liquid cleaners with where we are the number one company in Europe. And that is encouraging, because that is the only basically the only high margin household category.
Q - Bill Schmitz: And, then just a quick philosophical question on through the inventory level of the trade. So with the nine weeks now I mean are auto stocks going to start to be a big problem for them? Do you think that's going to ultimately push back at some point? Or if something dramatically changed in the sort of supply infrastructure that kind of allows them to operate at these much leaner levels of inventory?
A - Reuben Mark: Yeah. They are smart people just like you guys are smart and we're smart and everybody else. And everybody has their business to worry about. They calculate how much they want to have in out of stocks and they adjust accordingly and they balance how much the savings are from the investment inventory plus versus perhaps an increase in out of stocks. But as I mentioned a moment ago, the fact that we've gone from 9.4 weeks to 9.3 weeks to 9.2 weeks over a three-year period, it's thats you're planning visibly close to being so on an overall basis. And again, this is not -- it's not a random shopping, it's a thoughtful process aided especially by their increase in supply chain logistics and the companies themselves, the supplying company is becoming more sophisticated.
Q - Bill Schmitz: Great thank you.
A - Reuben Mark: Thank you, Bill.
Operator: Now, we'll move to Joe Altobello with CIBC World Markets.
Q - Joe Altobello: Thanks. Good morning. Reuben, earlier you mentioned the overhead spending has been the sales has come down pretty aggressively. And it's easy to see the gross margin impact, but the overhead cost reduction is a little bit more varied. How much of that came from actual cost savings? And how much is from operating leverage from higher volumes?
A - Reuben Mark: Well, what I can tell you is I'll have to check. I'm looking for a folder on our overhead. I don't know if you have it. Okay. I'm getting a backup folder on it. Okay. The -- in overhead, you know, there are number of components, and we try to strip them out, so we can take a real look at it. Obviously, this year, a new component is the FAS 123R. But also, we strip out freight and warehouse, because that is fuel driven as you would expect, and that so and that we can control it only within a certain extent, so that the numbers we can control are what we call worldwide adjusted. And that went down from 17.2% to 16.7%. So that's encouraging. It was actually, basically flat with last year, even though there was a 7% solid sales increase.
Q - Joe Altobello: Okay. And then in terms of the opportunity here obviously the 50 basis points is nice, but could this be a 200 basis point improvement over the next two or three years?
A - Reuben Mark: For what?
Q - Joe Altobello: In terms of the overhead as a percentage of sales.
A - Reuben Mark: 200 -- I don't know that I could guarantee or anybody could guarantee you 200 basis points drop. We have seen over many years a consistent drop each year. We are very sort of a tight company with no frills, but I don't know whether 200 basis points over a couple of years has come from. I don't my sense is that we would not do that. It will keep going down, but my sense is it would not do that. Q - Joe Altobello Okay. So the EBIT margins should generally track with the gross margin as well over the next few quarters?
A - Reuben Mark: Well again perhaps where the EBIT margin was up this time, if we have 60 basis points, I can't remember the number. And our expectation is that it will continue going up this year.
Q - Joe Altobello: Okay. Great, thanks.
A - Reuben Mark: Okay
Operator: We'll hear from Daniel Chris with Federated Investors.
Q - Daniel Chris: Thank you. My questions have been answered.
Operator: And move to Sandhya Beebee with HSBC.
Q - Sandhya Beebee: Good morning. I had a question, once again on North American pricing. It sounded at the backend of last year like you were very positive about the way the trade promotion reductions were going and how the environment for pricing was in North America was progressing, and it seems now that you are a little bit more cautious with your expectations for 2006. Is there been something that has changed in the competitive environment that makes you feel a little bit -- that you are going to have to reinvest more of those trade promotion spending back into gaining volumes?
A - Reuben Mark: No. I don't really think so. The US is the second most difficult market after Europe and it is a competitive spending market. I did mention that a fourth quarter occurrence was a major promotional push by our primary competitor in toothpaste and we of course responded. But I think you will see Sandhya as the year goes on that we will have positive price and positive gross profit in North America.
Q - Sandhya Beebee: And with some of the Latin American positive pricing due to some of your trade promotion reduction initiatives?
A - Reuben Mark: Yes.
Q - Sandhya Beebee: And in which markets?
A - Reuben Mark: Well they're working on it throughout. My sense is that Mexico let me look that up, but I think Mexico was the most significant. Let me look that up. It would appear that Mexico is a big one Brazil was as well.
Q - Sandhya Beebee: Thank you very much.
A - Reuben Mark: Thank you Sandhya.
Operator: We'll hear from Elena Mills of Atlantic Equities.
Q - Elena Mills: Thank you and good morning everybody. Just wanted to come back to Latin America if I could, and to delve a little bit deeper into the drivers of your operating profit progression there because you've obviously had some impact from the higher pricing, some volume leverage from the very strong growth that you've achieved there. And I imagine the currency also helped. But 29% I'm still interested to know what kinds of operational initiatives or overhead savings might really have contributed to that which was a very significant profit increase for the quarter. Could you provide a bit more color on the drivers there please?
A - Reuben Mark: You're talking about North America.
Q - Elena Mills: No Latin America?
A - Reuben Mark: Latin America? I'm sorry. I didn't quite understand. Okay. Well, the drivers were a very good volume quarter. It's happening simultaneously with a modest reduction in promotional spending and a price good price through out the division because, as you probably know from our past history, that our pricing in Latin America is designed to keep up with local inflation. So where there's local inflation, the prices in local currency go up because of it. And some interesting share initiative -- market share initiatives, big gains in key category of toothbrushes, big gains in toothpaste. If you look at the worldwide and Latin American growth in our core categories which we always look at, which is quite important, oral care was up 10% in volume. So, substantially higher two points higher than the company as a whole, and toothbrushes were up even higher than that, personal care about 5% and detergent is down, obviously, sharply. So that what is happening, and especially happening in Latin America, is our core categories are growing faster than the overall company. That affects mix, that affects operating profitability and so on.
Q - Elena Mills: So it's mainly a mix effect beyond the pricing. There's not really any significant initiatives that you have running on overhead cost reduction or any supply chain changes that would have impacted that number?
A - Reuben Mark: Well, we have a lot of specific programs to reduce overhead, and we have a lot of programs to increase gross profit, and we have a lot of programs to invest that money back in variety to the top line. So it is to a certain extent, and which is the reason I mentioned about the fundamentals, it's the whole there is I mean, you can't pick out one thing is that that we burned down three factories, and therefore, got the saving, but the whole process, which, in a global company as I think the process is important, is continuing and a bit better than we had expected.
Q - Elena Mills: Understood. So it sounds like that's a sustainable kind of trend for the balance of the year?
A - Reuben Mark: I would hope so.
Q - Elena Mills: Okay. And one follow-up question if I could on Western Europe. I was just wondering if, perhaps, you could provide a volume figure for Western Europe in isolation for oral care and for the company as a whole, excluding the other bits that you now include in the reporting segment?
A - Reuben Mark: I don't think I can give you for oral care. And I used to be able to give you these sheets used to have Western Europe and Eastern Europe, but the -- my recollection is the Eastern/Central portion, was up about 11 or 12 and Western Europe was up about 5. Let me read you, if you're interested, the individual countries.
Q - Elena Mills: Maybe if you could just provide UK, France, Germany, and maybe Italy?
A - Reuben Mark: Okay. Bina is saying no, but I'm going to do it.
Q - Elena Mills: Fair enough.
A - Reuben Mark: Hang on one second. Just one second, Western Europe was up 7% in volume, South Pacific was up 7% in volume and Central Europe was up 19% in volume.
Q - Elena Mills: And thanks very much. It's very helpful.
A - Reuben Mark: Which are pretty good numbers actually.
Q - Elena Mills: Absolutely. Thanks very much, Reuben.
A - Reuben Mark: Okay. Thanks. I appreciate it Elena. Okay. Why don't we have one more question or two more questions at most, okay?
Operator: And that will be a follow-up question from Lauren Lieberman.
Q - Lauren Lieberman: Thanks. That's okay. I can follow-up with Bina later.
A - Reuben Mark: Okay. Thanks Lauren.
Company Speaker: Okay. Thanks everybody. Terrific. I appreciate all of your attention and interests. See you. Bye-bye.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference call. We thank you for your participation and have a great day.

===== 2005 Q4  (2006-01-28 11:45:00) =====
Executives: Bina Thompson, Vice President, Investor Relations Reuben Mark, Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Ian Cook, President, Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Wendy Nicholson, Citigroup Amy Chasen. Goldman Sachs Lauren Lieberman, Lehman Brothers Chris Ferrara, Merrill Lynch Bill Pecoriello, Morgan Stanley Bill Schmitz, Deutsche Bank Linda Bolton Weiser, Oppenheimer Co.  Justin Hott, Bear Stearns Joe Altobello, CIBC World Markets John Faucher, JP Morgan Alec Patterson, Dresdner RCM Gloval Investors Elana Mills, Atlantic Equities Alice Longley, Buckingham Research
Operator: Good day and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Co. fourth quarter and year end 2005 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.Colgate.com. Just as a reminder there may be a slight delay for the question-and-answer session begins due to the Web simulcast. At this time for opening remarks I would like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson. Please go ahead.
Bina Thompson, Vice President, Investor Relations: Good morning. Welcome to our fourth-quarter and year end conference call. With me this morning are Reuben Mark, Chairman and CEO; Ian Cook, President and Chief Operating Officer; Javier Teruel, Vice Chairman, Stephen Patrick, CFO, Dennis Hickey, Corporate Controller, and Ed Filusch, Treasurer. Our remarks this morning on the fourth quarter will refer to our results excluding the following items, a 32.9 million after-tax gain on the sale of our Southeast Asian detergent business, a 41.9 million after-tax charge for restructuring and 10.4 million after-tax for other charges. Each of these items was included in the as reported numbers contained in this morning's press release and accompanying financial statements. The reported GAAP results with reconciliation to the results excluding these items are included in the press release and posted on the Investor Relations page of our Website at www.Colgate.com. During the Q&A we will answer any specific questions including or excluding these items as you may wish. We are delighted with this quarters results, which show a strong finish to the year and set the stage for another good year in 2006. It is a strong P&L with all the ratios moving in the right direction. Our financial strategy, with which you are very familiar, is back on track. Soft line sales in unit volume are up, gross margin increased strongly, overhead expenses are down. This has allowed meaningful increases in worldwide advertising while operating margin, net income and earnings per share have grown. Our businesses and marketshares are strong around the world. Also in the quarter we announced the sale of our Asian detergent business consistent with our focus on the higher margin categories of oral care, personal care and pet nutrition. So let's focus first on the worldwide P&L. Excluding divestitures, sales increased 5.5% and volume increased 4.5% on top of a 10% sales and 9% volume growth in the fourth quarter of last year. Pricing increased 2%, was up in all geographic division except Europe. This is very encouraging and is a good indication that our global focus on more efficient trade spending is beginning to bear fruit. Foreign exchange was negative 1%. Gross profit margin increased 100 basis points. As Rubin said in the press release, above our expectations. This excellent performance is particularly notable in light of the commodity cost increases which all companies experienced in 2005 and which escalated in the second half. Gross margins benefited from five factors. One, our ongoing funding the growth program. Two, savings from the 2004 restructuring. Three, improving product mix. Four, favorable pricing. And five, our newest element the increasing savings coming from our improving efficiency in promotion spending. These factors helped to offset the sharp rise and will impact material costs. And we expect this good gross profit momentum to continue into 2006 and we budgeted and fully expect to achieve further meaningful gross margin increases this year. Looking at SG&A on an absolute basis, SG&A increased slightly and since sales were up SG&A was down 100 basis points as a percent of sales. Very importantly to us the overhead component of SG&A went down very nicely while the advertising component increased 6% to 10.5% of sales, up 20 basis points from the year-ago quarter. As we go through the divisions you'll hear how this continued focus on increased spending in advertising has helped both volume and market share. As I said overhead expenses were down as a percent of sales reflecting our ongoing emphasis on cost containment and driving efficiencies around the world. Operating profit decreased 10% in absolute terms and increase as a percentage of sales by a 110 basis points. Our tax rate was 31.1%. This brings us to 31.7% for the full year, toward the high end of our announced target of 31 to 32%, and reflects increased benefits from the European business of realignment we have previously discussed with you as well as other global tax savings initiatives. Net income increased 14% from 11.9% of sales in the fourth quarter of last year to 13.1% of sales this year. And diluted EPS increased 17% to a record $0.69. Cash flow and balance sheet are solid as well. Our working capital is at a record low of 1.7% to sales down from 2.4% last year with both inventory and receivable days down nicely. So we feel it is a very good finish to the year which gets us firmly on track and positions us well as we enter 2006. Before I turn to the divisions, effective January 1, 2006 the Company as required will adopt the statement of financial accounting standards 123R share-based payments. The new accounting for stock-based compensation will result in incremental expense which for the full year 2006 is currently estimated to be in the range of $0.0 to $0.10 per share. However, as most of the Company's equity awards are generally granted in the first and third quarters this charge will not be spread evenly throughout the year. The projected incremental impact to the first quarter of this year is approximately $0.03 per share. So let's turn to the divisions starting with North America. Excluding divestitures volume in North America increased 6% in the quarter driven by even stronger volume growth in the United States portion of the division. The U.S. was up 7.5% in volume and 10% in sales. For North America as a whole pricing increased 2% and exchange added 0.5% resulting in a total sales growth of 8.5%. As you know we are undertaking a worldwide initiative to increase the efficiency of our trade spending. The pilot program for this is here in the U.S. and in Mexico, and our positive pricing momentum reflects the early successes we are achieving. Advertising increased both absolutely and as a percent of sales and operating profit increased just under 10% and up on a percentage of sales basis as well. Our very healthy volume growth is reflected in good market share performance here in the U.S. Our national shares as measured by Nielsen are up year-over-year in toothpaste, toothbrushes, dishwashing liquid, fabric conditioners and bar soap with an all-time high level being reached in all but the dishwashing category. In the toothpaste category our share was up almost half a point year-over-year. New products such as Colgate Max Fresh and Luminous continue to perform well as does Colgate Total. Total's full year share was 14% with sales increasing 14% year-over-year. Our domestic manual toothbrush share was up over a full point. Colgate's 360-degree toothbrush launched early in the year has been a significant driver to the marketshare gain as it has in other markets as well. In bar soap our share is up over half a point and essentially tied for the number one positioning in the deodorant bar soap category. Our latest entry, Irish Spring MicroClean, helped build share and we expect some more new news in the Irish Spring line later this year. Looking ahead we expect volume in North America ex divestitures to be up at least mid-single digits in the first quarter and full year. Operating profit should be up high-single digit in the quarter and year. Turning to Europe, excluding divestitures volume in Europe increased 2.5%. Pricing was down 1.5% which while the only negative pricing number in the whole Colgate world is a sequential improvement from the third quarter. Currency was -6.5% all resulting in a sales decline of 5.5%. Advertising was down slightly in the quarter as a result of timing of new products and more importantly as compared to a record fourth quarter in 2004 when advertising was up 45% from the prior year. On a full-year basis our European advertising was up both absolutely and as a percent of sales. Operating profit declined 7.6% largely due to currency. Unit volume was down in Western Europe while Central and Eastern Europe posted strong double-digit growth. As has been the case for most of 2005 macroeconomic conditions in Western Europe have been very challenging particularly in countries such as Germany, France and Italy. However, more recent economic data are beginning to show some signs of economic improvement. The third-quarter GDP growth rate was the highest since the first quarter of 2004. Inflation is expected to decline in December and the unemployment rate has also come down somewhat. So as a consequence consumer confidence in our key markets improved significantly in December which should bode well for 2006. And we are seeing some better volume trends in Western Europe more recently. Two new products in the toothpaste category have just been launched in Western Europe which should rollout across the region over the next year. Building on the success of Colgate Sensitive toothpaste we have introduced Colgate Sensitive Multi-protection toothpaste, this has a dual action formula which provides not only unbeatable sensitivity relief but also protects teeth and gums, thanks to a clinically proven bacteria fighting system. In addition, we have introduced Colgate Time Control toothpaste with active vitamin E. This new product is targeted to the aging population that tends to experience receding gums. Receding gums are one of the main causes of root cavities and can lead to further problems. Colgate Time Control's clinically proven formula protects the exposed root area against cavities and contains a gum protection system with active vitamin E which helps invigorate gum tissues and prevents them from receding further. Our GABA business had an excellent fourth quarter capping off a very good year. GABA's volume grew double-digit. You may recall that our expansion strategy with GABA is to work with dental professionals and academics to build brand awareness and recommendations and to enter a new market first in the pharmacy channels to build market share. We have done this very successfully in Italy where our share in the pharmacy channels is in the high teens and we are the most recommended brand. As mentioned in the press release, our market shares across Central and Eastern Europe are establishing new records. Our shares are up in seven of ten categories with over a 3 point gain in toothpaste and over a 2 point gain in toothbrushes. In the bar soap and shower gels categories we have maintained our number one position across the region. And further new product activity in 2006 should maintain these excellent results. So looking ahead unit volume in Europe excluding divestments should be up low to mid-single digit for the first quarter and at least that for the full year. Operating profit is expected to be up modestly for the first quarter and up mid-single digit for the full year. Turning then to Latin America. Latin American volume increased 5%, pricing increased 5.5% and currency added 6% resulting in a sales growth of 16.5%. Advertising was up very strongly, up absolutely and as a percent to sales. Operating profit increased 16%. Business is strong across the region and marketshares reflect this. In Mexico our most recent toothpaste share is back over 81% despite intense competitive activity. The launch of Colgate Max Fresh has contributed to the excellent performance and in addition, a recent program called Red Storm designed to strengthen our presence with our exclusive distributors has delivered good results. New products in the personal care category, Palmolive's Nutri-Milk bar soap has also met with success. This is a premium product, our first entry into the moisturizing segment. In Mexico it already has almost a two share and has been incremental to the franchise. Our Mexican shampoo business is also doing well. Palmolive's Optim has been the first brand to launch a shampoo, conditioner and treatment line to enhance the color of natural or tinted hair. The line comes in four variance for different hair colors and was launched in September with complete media and in-store support. Initial acceptance was excellent. It appears this will be largely incremental to our existing business. Our Brazilian business is also very strong. Marketshares are up in seven of nine categories including toothpaste, toothbrushes and mouthwash. Our Colgate brand reached record share levels. Contributing to this good performance is our relaunch of Colgate Total, Total 12. As in other parts of the world this has been accompanied by very powerful testimonial advertising. In Brazil the share of Total toothpaste has doubled since the relaunch. In the liquid soap category we also achieved outstanding results in Brazil. Strong growth from Palmolive's Aroma Therapy, Protex and Palmolive's Natural resulted in Colgate obtaining leadership in this segment with a 23.6% share up almost 7 points from the year ago period. Across the region our toothbrush business is doing very well driven by market share growth in key markets such as Brazil, Mexico, Colombia and Venezuela. Colgate is now the number one brand. Our Colgate 360-degree toothbrush will be throughout the region in 2006. As you know it has been extremely successful in markets where it is already introduced, so this bodes well for the continued growth of our toothbrush business in Latin America. Looking ahead volume in Latin America is expected to be up at least mid-single digit for the first quarter and full year, and operating profit is expected to be up double-digit for both the first quarter and full year. Asia/Africa; volume in Asia/Africa increased 6%. Pricing was positive half a percent, while exchange was negative at 1.5%, resulting in a sales increase of 5%. Advertising increased double-digit up absolutely and as a percent of sales and operating profit increased 13%. And as elsewhere new products played a critical role in the solid performance in the region and this is reflected in good market share performance. In India, Colgate sustained its leadership position in toothpaste with 47.5% share in December. For the full year our share increased to 47.4%, a growth of 80 basis points versus last year. A new product, Colgate Active Salt toothpaste achieved very strong share results, 2% in just the fourth month of launch which was supported with a nationwide 360 program including a very successful advertising campaign which achieved good recall and has helped to grow the Colgate equity image. In the Indian toothbrush market Colgate strengthened its leadership with a 32.9% share in December reaching record high share for the second consecutive readings. Across the country great progress has been made in further expanding our rural distribution offering, further opportunities for growth. In China, we increased our toothpaste leadership with our full-year share at 32.8%, up half a point from the year ago. This strong performance was led by the premium segments and the launch of Colgate Max Fresh accompanied by a regional 360-degree program which included advertising. In the personal care category we have achieved excellent results in the Philippines with the relaunch of Palmolive's Natural shampoo. Palmolive now has the highest share in the last ten years, almost 22%. Part of our success was driven by using small sachets which has resulted in much better distribution across the many small stores in this country. Our business in the more developed country of Australia is also strong. Our toothpaste share is up a full point, 65.4%. Colgate Total itself grew to the number one toothpaste sub brand with a 22% share, up 2.5 points. In toothbrushes the launch of Colgate 360-degree toothbrush resulted in a share gain of 5.6 share points bringing our manual brush market share to 40.1% on a full-year basis. Looking ahead volume in Asia/Africa is expected to be up mid-single digit for the first quarter and the full year. Operating profit is expected to be up modestly in the first quarter and should be up high-single digit the full year. Finally, Hill's. Hill's volume increased 5% with good growth both domestically and overseas. Pricing increased 2.5% offset by a comparable decrease in resulting in a 5% sales increase. Advertising increased maintaining it's high-level as a percent of sales and operating profit increased 5%. As for the Colgate business new products played an important role in the quarter for Hill's. One of the most successful ones is our Prescription Diet j/d, a diet which helps dogs with arthritis. In the U.S. our volume shipments of j/d exceeded our estimate by 50% and we were able to roll it out globally in less than six months. Similar results are being achieved overseas. Two other new products, Prescription Diet d/d and z/d for dogs and cats were also launched. D/d addresses all types of inflammatory skin conditions and z/d is now considered the gold standard in diets which helps with adverse food reactions. Here in the U.S. we have expanded our very successful shelter program. This program provides ongoing nutrition training for the staff of not-for-profit animal shelters, as well as informative e-mails with nutrition topics and helpful retail merchandising tips and a variety of in shelter signage. The objective of this activity is to stress the importance of clinical nutrition to pet owners at a key time in their decision-making process while encouraging trial of Hill's products. In addition, specific programs from the pet channel have driven consumption and it looks as though that momentum is continuing into this year and several of our large accounts are off to a good start. Our international business continues to grow especially in the higher growth markets which are sustaining strong double-digit volume increases. Looking ahead volume at Hill's is expected to be up mid-single digit for the first quarter and full year. Operating profit is expected to be up high-single digit for the first quarter and full year. So in summary we are delighted with the strong finish to 2005 and are excited about the prospects for 2006. As you know, gross margin increases are a key element of our financial strategy and our ability to deliver good consistent results. It is very encouraging that all the programs we have in place to increase gross margin are delivering good results and also offer further potential. In particular, our worldwide effort to increase our commercial spending efficiency shows great promise. In our pilot countries such as the U.S. we are already seeing excellent results as evidenced by a solid increase in pricing, but this is just the beginning. As we roll this program out globally we should see further savings around the world. So we look forward to sharing our results with you as we go throughout the year. And now, Sheila, I think we are ready to open it up to questions.
Questions & Answers:
Operator:
Operator Instructions:
Q - Wendy Nicholson: My first question has to do with Europe and the profit margins you are seeing there. It doesn't look like you're looking for much expansion next year, but if I'm not mistaken that has been where the lion's share of your restructuring initiatives have been. Can you comment on whether you're just reinvesting more money or whether there is a mix shift there? What is driving the lack of margin expansion in that region?
A - Reuben Mark: I don't think, Wendy, that the majority of the restructuring efforts is really in Europe. We have a very major effort in this country and elsewhere; you may recall we announced the closure within the last six months at one of them in the last two months of our two biggest plants in the United States. But looking specifically at Europe the expectation for next year is that it will be a plus volume year as this was. As you know our volume was up about 6.5%. In terms of operating profit, operating profit was up this year overall in Europe and is expected to be up more next year. We believe starting in the first quarter. As I think Bina mentioned in her write up that the volume trends in Western Europe which were I think for everybody are not as robust as one would want, have most recently picked up a bit and they have started off the year it would appear quite well with Eastern Europe continuing there very strongly.
Q - Wendy Nicholson: I thought and I may be mistaken but I thought looking at the 10-Qs last year that the lion's share of the charges you had taken at least through the first nine months, were related to the Western European operation that you were shutting plants there. Is that not right?
A - Reuben Mark: That is right; but again it continues to move through. Don't forget this year, late this year we took the charge for our Jeffersonville plant which is the biggest plant in the United States, and that process is literally going on now, we just got union agreement and so on. And I think you will see more of the same.
Q - Wendy Nicholson: My second question has to do with that plant closure in the U.S. Where are you going to move the oral care manufacturing? And if you end up moving some of that to Mexico, is there hope that some of the pressure you have seen on the Mexican margins from all of the competitive activity, you have got light at the end of the tunnel because there is going to be more volume in that market or what is the thinking there?
A - Reuben Mark: First, there is an elaborate process as you would imagine to determine whether we open up the new greenfield site in the State of Indiana or in other states, and we have been engaged in that process for a number of months. I don't know if the announcement has, the announcement has in fact been made and amazingly it is going to be, we have a big plant in Morristown, New Jersey. This is going to be in Morristown, Tennessee and everybody knows I got a nice letter from the Governor of Indiana yesterday where we saw the big Hill's plant of course. But it is going to be, the bulk of the production is going to be moved to Tennessee with some very significant onetime and ongoing savings. And the production in Mexico will not be obviously for Mexico, it will be for some areas outside of Mexico. But when you say the margin pressure in Latin America, my sense is that our EBIT in Mexico on an ongoing basis is 7 or 8 points, i.e. 800 basis points higher than our total company, that is about 30% and we are budgeting at 31% makes year. So I don't think again, you may know more or different than I do, Wendy, but we do have a very good margin in Mexico on an operative profit level.
Q - Wendy Nicholson: I'm sorry, you said operating margin and I'm done, sorry, the operating margin in Mexico is budgeted for 31 in '06? Is that what you said?
A - Reuben Mark: Yes, I said it is running now at about 30%.
Q - Wendy Nicholson: 30% for '05?
A - Reuben Mark: 30% to sales which as you know our total company is 20, 21, 22. So it is 800 basis points better and as budgeted up, on a percentage basis slightly and more significantly, on an absolute basis.
Q - Wendy Nicholson: Terrific.
A - Reuben Mark: I'm not sure that, Wendy, I was trying to say something. One of the notes out this morning talked about Colgate as a defensive situation, and I just wanted you to know that that A) that is really true, and B) all you have to do is say something critical and you will see how defensive I will be.
Q - Wendy Nicholson: Somehow there is no doubt about that. Thanks, Reuben. Bye-bye.
Operator: We will take our next question from Amy Chasen with Goldman Sachs.
Q - Amy Chasen: First of all you guys sound much more excited about this reduction in trade promotion strategy than I have heard you since you first discussed this last December, December of '04. Number one, am I reading that right? And number two, are you ready yet to quantify what that opportunity may be now that you have a couple of quarters of this under your belt and you're actually starting to see it flowthrough in the P&L?
A - Reuben Mark: You are reading it correctly. We are probably not ready to quantify it although I have been saying and I think I may have said in the last conference call, that as we are getting a better look at it, it looks like it conceivably could have the magnitude of the value we are going to get out of the restructuring or even more. I checked this morning with both the chief financial officer of the company and the chief legal officer of the company, because I told them what I was going to say and that from what we have seen so far my strong belief is that we have got a tiger by the tail on this half, and we will be seeing over the next several years some very exciting stuff coming out.
Q - Amy Chasen: That is great. Just turning to the restructuring, can you just walk us through what the savings were in '05, what you expect them to be in '06 and what you expect them to be in '07? Because I believe last we spoke some of those numbers had moved around from your original expectations a bit.
A - Reuben Mark: They are the same as we talked about last time; that is they have not moved since we talked about them last time. In 2005, Amy, we took a charge of $145 million in total, and generated savings of about $35 million. The expectation in 2006 is that we will have charges of about 228 million, with savings of 70 plus million. 2007, a little further out, 90 million in the savings and 110 in charge. You understand, Amy, that those sound precise, but of course as those projects are actually put into effect, some of them cost more or cost less and the savings are more or less as I am sure you are familiar with that.
Q - Amy Chasen: Right, but I think originally the savings in '06 was going to be 100 million so is it fair to say that the savings are more backend loaded because of the point you just made which is timing of projects?
A - Reuben Mark: Slightly. The overall savings we expect are slightly higher. The charges are somewhat less and there is that, what we view is relatively small difference in timing because of some changes required in the scheduling of some closings. However, I have to say from my own perspective relative to the conversation we just had about other areas of margin growth, gross margin growth within the Company, I am more comfortable than I have been.
Q - Amy Chasen: Okay, great. Last but not least a quick one, is there any way that you could give us volume guidance on a reported basis in addition to the numbers that Bina gave by region excluding divestitures? Because I think that might help us when you guys ultimately report your numbers?
A - Reuben Mark: Okay, let me take a crack at that. We don't really have that, you're talking about volume ex divestitures.
Q - Amy Chasen: No, I'm actually talking volume including divestitures just as you reported what you're expectations are.
A - Reuben Mark: I don't have that, but I do have, Amy, for each quarter of next year what the sales as reported and sales ex divested are, and there is more or less a starting off the year, a 200 basis point difference, declining obviously somewhat as the year goes through to less than 100 basis points difference in the fourth quarter. And I'm looking at the financial people but basically you could transfer that pretty clearly to volume. That is as much as I can give you because we haven't worked it out on that basis.
Q - Amy Chasen: Okay. I will follow-up with Bina on that.
A - Reuben Mark: Did you follow that? What was not clear?
Q - Amy Chasen: It was clear. I just was hoping for a little bit more specificity but I will just do it off-line because I have asked enough questions.
A - Reuben Mark: No, that is okay. We are expecting, as you know our targets are normally 4 to 7% volume and this year, or total year we had 6.3, last year we had about the same. We are expecting the first half of next year to be more or less in line with that range. Good solid volume. We would hope some positive price, in fact we are planning on it, and good gross margin growth.
Q - Amy Chasen: So in other words you would expect volume excluding divestitures in that 4 to 7% range in the first half but more like 2 to 5 on a reported basis?
A - Reuben Mark: Yes, yes. Yes, but the 4 is unlikely but, yes.
Q - Amy Chasen: Okay. Great, thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Lauren Lieberman with Lehman Brothers.
Q - Lauren Lieberman: First I was hoping we could go through the breakdown, the puts and takes of gross margin this quarter?
A - Reuben Mark: Say again, I'm sorry.
Q - Lauren Lieberman: If we could go through the puts and takes to gross margin, I know Bina listed what the benefits were but if we just could quantify it.
A - Reuben Mark: Sure. And again, for everyone we go through this normally each quarter. As you know in the quarter the gross profit was up 100 basis points. In that we got plus 70 from pricing and going back to Amy's question this may give you a little bit of guidance of how potentially potent this promotional SAP enabled promotional ROI kind of thing is. About 50 basis points of the 70 in pricing came from actual price increases around the world and 20 points came from gross to net reductions, i.e. promotional efficiency. And we only have the program really going in the United States and Mexico. Continuing, Lauren, restructuring gave us 50 basis points. Our funding the growth savings which are our whole panel fee of internal savings programs including our capital expense budget and all the other programs we have gave us 130 basis points which is very good and gives us a very strong year in that savings area. Material prices was a -200 and then all other mix changes and so on were .5, 50 basis points up. So you add those all up together that comes up to 100 basis points. Just as an aside, as those of you who follow Colgate for sometime know that historically we have looked for and gotten in a range of 50 to 100 basis points a year. And that has even with sales level, some years that were modest, that has allowed us to, that combined with a drop in overhead, has allowed us to increase advertising and deliver double-digit profit. For the last couple of years what has happened is the increased promotional spending in the market, plus largely loyal driven raw packing material cost price increases have not allowed us actually or anybody else to get that. We are very encouraged to the point that we can say that we think that going forward, we will still be able to again be able to get on a regular basis 50 to 100 basis points. Because number one, our business is becoming less and less dependent on any oil source; as you know our most oil intensive business was detergents and as you see we are exiting those businesses. And secondly, our own cost savings combined with these promotional costs savings will allow us to shoot for that 50 to 100 basis points range.
Q - Lauren Lieberman: Okay. What was the contribution, I'm assuming it is a mix of exiting the detergent businesses this quarter?
A - Reuben Mark: Okay.
Q - Lauren Lieberman: And if you also have that for the third quarter.
A - Reuben Mark: What you have this quarter is of course two aspects. Hang on one second. I have prepared something on that. In North American, the North American business on a full-year basis was $170 million or so; just interestingly again it makes the point about mix change and about what businesses do we want to be in and so on. The margin was 34% as compared to the total U.S. company including detergents at about 20 points, 2000 basis points higher. Operating profit was 13.5% with operating profit of the division including the detergent number, about 1000, 10 percentage points higher. In 2004 it represented about 6% of the division sales, this year 3.3 and next year zero. Similar, and as you know, we announced the Asia/Africa more recently the numbers are virtually.
Q - Lauren Lieberman: Okay.
A - Reuben Mark: Except that
Q - Lauren Lieberman: Okay. And then with the impact bigger though in the fourth quarter than it was in the third, because it certainly was on the top line. I'm just trying to understand how big of a driver of gross margin was that?
A - Reuben Mark: Next year we would expect our gross margin worldwide to be improved by the existing sales of detergent, that is to say a couple of quarters or however many it is of the U.S., and basically four quarters of Asia will be between we would hope between 30 and 40 basis points.
Q - Lauren Lieberman: Okay, great.
A - Reuben Mark: Gross profit right off the top.
Q - Lauren Lieberman: Right.
A - Reuben Mark: By getting to the top, let me say.
Q - Lauren Lieberman: Then one more thing was trying to pick which one I want to ask. On Latin America seeing pricing and currency both up so strongly and moving in the same direction, I know we have seen it one or two quarters before, but I just wanted to go into a little bit more detail on why and basically how that is possible. I mean to be raising prices when currency is also a positive and is that a dynamic we should expect to continue?
A - Reuben Mark: Yes, in Latin America my recollection is that the breakdown of the pricing is like, let me give you that, the total change in pricing as you see from the chart you have before you, was 550 basis points, 5.5%. Of that lower promotion, largely in Mexico but throughout the division as well, was 2.3%, 230 basis points and the price increases per se were 3.1. That is not a typical, a 3% price increase is not atypical for Latin America and clearly it has to be handled on a category-by-category basis. But some of the competitive threats in some of our categories that were really quite excellent a year or two ago have receded somewhat. Who knows? We went back over 81% of the toothpaste market in Mexico, Venezuela about the same and so on and so forth. And our division wide toothpaste share is at an all-time high, so that allows a bit more flexibility. But as always we will be very cautious. Our expectations going forward for Latin America are interesting. We expect volume in the mid to high single digits throughout next year with probably Brazil and Venezuela leading the way, Mexico slightly behind those, but still they're quite positive. So volume looks to be a lot of spending in there. We had a lot of spending this year and yet operating profit is expected up next year double-digit, it was a double-digit this year as well.
Q - Lauren Lieberman: So advertising spending keeps rising ahead of sales?
A - Reuben Mark: This year advertising spending was, even though sales were up 16%, our advertising spending was ahead of that primarily in media, and next year it is budgeted ahead of sales.
Q - Lauren Lieberman: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Chris Ferrara with Merrill Lynch.
Q - Chris Ferrara: I was wondering if you guys can talk a little bit about the difference in the U.S. and growth between the Wal-Marts and club stores of the world and the track channel. Because obviously the U.S. growth is huge and the IRI data, which again we know is limited, is showing somewhat of a different story and the diversion seems to be bigger than ever. Is there any color you can give to that?
A - Reuben Mark: The color I can give you is what I believe are the facts, but you have to decide that for yourself. We periodically, when asked, give how our top ten accounts, which are obviously Wal-Mart, Target, Sam's, Kroger, Costco, Dollar General, Family Swiss and so on, compare with the rest of the country. And for the quarter the top ten were up 10% in volume and about the same, slightly more in sales, or up actually 11% in sales and the other was up 3 or 4% in volume. So that's how we get the total 7% volume increase, case increase and volume increase in the United States. I think Bina mentioned in her write up that actually our volume, as shown there, excluding there, in the United States portion of North America, the higher end is up, as I recall, 8% or so versus say a 10% quarter last year. So good volume. Inventories haven't changed either, so it looks quite good.
Q - Chris Ferrara: And then I also wanted to dig into that a little bit. Obviously you're doing a lot of things with more efficient gross to net and just marketing in general looks better, advertising is up. But is there a way to think about that in the context of the new product pipeline? And do you view, is new product vitality in the U.S. much better than it was say a year ago or a year and a half ago? Or is it really sort of similar and you're just marketing your new products better than you were before?
A - Reuben Mark: I don't know that there's any difference. Again, we focus, everybody is going to yell at me when I say this, but we focus less on, we launch a lot of new products around the year and each of the product groups in our creative innovation centers, the acronym is CIC and I never remember what it stands for, but they are creative innovation centers, really are doing a very good job and the pipeline is full. But again, volume is a function of everything going on, a lot of new products around the world, a lot of new products in the United States. Our marketshares are generally quite good. We're ahead in toothpaste, we're ahead in fabric softener, we're ahead in toothbrushes and so on and so forth, which I think Bina told you. I don't think anything is different being done except that we have more money to spend, number one, because of the increases in gross margin. And number two, as you remember a couple years ago we, and again, I took the responsibility for it, we chased Simply White whitening gel a bit and took some money away from the big guys and that's been..
Q - Chris Ferrara: And then just on Latin America, I think in Bina's prepared comments you described heavy competition there and then I guess Red Storm which is I guess your promotional program. Can you talk about that a little bit more?
A - Reuben Mark: Yes, I think each divisional president and marketing director came up with wonderful names to describe and they're always dynamic and robust as that is. But Colgate toothpaste around the world, to the people who have been in the Company a long time it's known as Big Red. So this is the Big Red Storm and actually it has been quite successful in getting our share, as I said, in Mexico back to 81. Latin American shares are quite strong, for example, and volume, overall. I can read you in 2003 our overall Latin American share, and I think its 16 countries, was 72% of the market. 2004 when there was a slight erosion in Mexico and we were down to 72, we were-- our year-to-date is 72.9 and the latest share was 73.4 throughout Latin America. So it's a good trend and whatever name they put behind, Red Storm or Purple Tempest, it seems to be working.
Q - Chris Ferrara: Thank you very much.
Operator: We will take our next question from Bill Pecoriello with Morgan Stanley.
Q - Bill Pecoriello: A question on the gross margin outlook for '06. You gave us the 30 to 40 basis point contribution from the divestiture. What are you budgeting on the raw material, pricing the other components of that in terms of that long-term 50 to 100 basis point improvement?
A - Reuben Mark: Okay. To reprise the information we've been giving you, just to bring it up to date, this year we budgeted a cost increase which was basically an increase, a substantial increase in the Colgate part of the business and a decrease in the agricultural commodities. But taking them all together we budgeted a 1.7% increase in all packing materials. The way it's turning out or has turned out, because the year is done obviously, it was 3.8%, so 200 basis points more than we expected and, as we told you, the mix changed the volume and the gross profit savings more than offset that which we're quite proud of. Next year the budgeted number, equivalent to the 3.8, is 2.5% and that assumes that Hill's turns around a bit, instead of their costs going down they're going to go up slightly, but that the consumer products, the Colgate area is only going to go up between 2.5 and 3 as compared to 5 this year. That's our expectation. Who knows? We are less dependent on oil than most, but any movement in oil, obviously either way, helps or hurts us at least slightly.
Q - Bill Pecoriello: And then overall you'd expect the gross margin up on the higher end of the 50 to 100 because of the 30 to 40 basis points from the divestiture benefit?
A - Reuben Mark: Financial people are nodding, yes, but my sense is I would rather be conservative. We will be in the 50 to 100 basis points. Since the operating people are in the room, I would be very disappointed if it was not on the high-end. But, yes.
Q - Bill Pecoriello: And also if you can comment on the competitive environment. You had mentioned some of the competitive threats in Latin America had receded a bit. Anything elsewhere in the world including North America where, again, we have that limited view of the measure channels where we saw increased promotions from the competition, anywhere else in the world that you're seeing that?
A - Reuben Mark: I guess you have to get competitive data from the competition. But for example, in the United States there, as you saw, in effect by more efficient promotion spending the price went up slightly and very affectively and yet we didn't lose any market share as a result of it. So that would indicate that we remain competitive. It's tough to say. A, it's tough to say it and, B, all you have to do is say that hey, it's diminishing in country X or country Y and they may dial it up just to prove you wrong. But at any rate, as always our job is to take our own destiny in our own hands and the whole concept underlying with what we call the Colgate business plan, CB, another acronym, CBP, which is the SAP-enabled promotional efficiency improvement, plus a lot of other things, the concept there is to find ways to build market share while still getting more efficient with our spending.
Q - Bill Pecoriello: And then just finally, on the U.S. innovation pipeline, the release didn't mention anything in oral care in terms of products. Are you still planning Colgate Oxygen in the U.S. and, if not, are there other products in the oral care pipeline for the U.S. in '06?
A - Reuben Mark: There are certainly other products, perhaps including that one, in the pipeline. But you would know, Bill, that we could not tell you if they have not yet been announced to the trade. Our oral care business in the United States and around the world is healthy. I usually give a U.S. questioner or if somebody else asks the question of how our core businesses have done, and in the quarter our oral care business is up 8% worldwide in volume and personal care is up 4% and home care is up a percent or whatever, 1%, just exactly the way you would prioritize them, and Hill's of course is up about 5% as well. So the priorities that we have talked to you about are indeed working. And on an oral care basis we have a budget that's quite healthy and with the spending to support it for 2006.
Q - Bill Pecoriello: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: (Operator Instructions)
A - Reuben Mark: Sheila, could you talk a bit louder or get closer to the mike or something.
Operator: We will take our next question from Bill Schmitz with Deutsche Bank.
Q - Bill Schmitz: Can you just comment on what your FX assumptions are for the year? The reason I asked the question is that I think in the press release you blamed a lot of the profit decline in Europe, which is obviously correct, on the currency decline. But how much of the Latin American profit enhancement was from currency as well and then just kind of some of the assumptions for next year?
A - Reuben Mark: Okay. I don't know that we blamed it, it was in local currency, it was what it was and then translated it's a fact of life. Our assumptions for next year versus today's spot are that on a Europe basis, let's take a euro, that we are assuming that our budget is $1.23 per euro and this morning it was $1.227. Again, there's a lot of things that can happen between now and the end of the year, but that's in Europe we're at least on currently. We are assuming in Latin America appreciation in the currencies. Mexico versus the current rate of 10.50 we're assuming 11.30 which is down 6% for, Venezuela has held up at fairly rigid. Brazil we're assuming 11%, Columbia down, and so on. So that has been factored into our calculations. Whether or not it happens we shall see. If it's worse than that we'll have to find a way to cover it, if it's better than that, which so far it is, that will give us a little extra tailwind.
Q - Bill Schmitz: And then this is my last question. How far along are you on moving the supply chain from a regional supply chain to a global one? I know there's a pretty tremendous profit opportunity there and I just want to try to understand how far along you are on that process?
A - Reuben Mark: I think the restructuring is one part of that and that is moving along well and it is expected to be completed by 2008. So you could take that as a guidepost. But the savings come in not precisely on a linear basis as we talked earlier in response to Amy's question. But there are a lot of other things that are going on and some of them will be very quick and some of them will be a little longer. Interestingly enough since this Colgate business, as an SAP enabled Colgate business planning, an important element of which is promotion efficiency, has other supply chain implications which are going to be working themselves out over the next several years. It has a lot of cascading effect.
Q - Bill Schmitz: Just get an update on this, the way I understand it there are seven different instances of SAP at Colgate and you are trying to combine that into one, unified global SAP platform. Is that done yet or is that still work in progress?
A - Reuben Mark: I guess I am not able to, Steve (ph) you want to talk? (Steve - Unidentified Member) (inaudible - microphone inaccessible)
A - Reuben Mark: Javier just said that we have seven variations of SAP which can be run together I understand. Those are going to be cut; everybody, essentially everybody will and is on SAP and they are interchangeable and but those variations are going to be cut to four. We are linked without question universally, I mean literally Ian and Javier are sitting in the room, and if they want to dial up what our sales were this morning in whatever division they can do that, get a consolidation, get a by sub analysis and everything else. That exists today and will continue. And that is one of the things that allows us to expand this model that is being developed in the United States and Mexico on the promotional efficiency. You should know that there is a fully dedicated group with salespeople, finance people, IT people and whatever else and distribution people working on this and it is led by Seamus McBride who is a very experienced executive who is also president of our U.S. company, since they basically pioneered it. He is leading it around the world. And we have a whole schedule of rollout and everything else. Each quarter we will be reporting to you on that.
Q - Bill Schmitz: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: We will take our next question from Linda Bolton Weiser with Oppenheimer.
Q - Linda Bolton Weiser: Maybe I missed this but did you give some information about the next regions or countries where the trade efficiency program will be rolled out?
A - Reuben Mark: I didn't and that is a little premature because people are basically landing in airplanes now to take them through it. There was a trip that Seamus made to Asia, the Far East actually with Ian, and I was just coincidentally talking to him last night and he was delighted with the reception. He took a team out there and they made presentations to several more countries. His response was when you are in New York you get people, well, how about this and is this good or is this not good. And then you get out in the subsidiaries and they really, really want to grab hold of it. We are going to have to do it I think as it goes rather than in advance. But I would guess that by the end of this year we will have, I would say 40% of our business at least beginning the program. Then over the next year or so it will be completed.
Q - Linda Bolton Weiser: Okay. And one more thing. You had mentioned some higher costs for Hill's in '06. What are those, are those the corn related costs?
A - Reuben Mark: No, I think it was simply this. It was that as you know agricultural commodities in 2004 skyrocket. This year they came down a little, they came down substantially off those historic highs, and now they are going back to their normal levels. It simply means that the normal kind of cost increase for agricultural prices, so you won't get that onetime benefit. However, Hill's has a lot of gross margin stuff going on and their gross margin so you, I will tell you what the impact of that is. Their gross profit this year, whereas the total Company all being said, was up 10 or 20 basis points. Hill's was up almost 100 basis points and is expecting it to go up again next year, despite the couple percent increase in cost. They had some price increases this year which will get the full year effect next year.
Q - Linda Bolton Weiser: Okay. Thank you, very much.
A - Reuben Mark: Why don't we say a couple more questions.
Operator: We will take our next question from Justin Hott with Bear Stearns.
A - Reuben Mark: There are apparently six more questions. Why don't we take the six, and then call it quits.
Operator: Yes sir. Justin Hott, Bear Stearns.
A - Reuben Mark: You don't have to call me sir although that isn't bad.
Q - Justin Hott: That wasn't me, Reuben. Can you maybe give us a little more color, you are talking about a tiger on the tail on this promotional spending; how once you roll it out into a market, maybe some of the learnings you have had, in the initial markets and how it becomes a sustainable multiyear reduction in costs?
A - Reuben Mark: First of all there is some proprietary aspects do it. A lot of proprietary aspects to it, and I think that as we go along we will be doing that. I don't think we can do it now I was just joking earlier because I perceived several presentations on both the concept and the execution, and I am not particularly dumb and I still don't fully understand it. So it would be difficult for me to pass along. But nonetheless it is a quite interesting, complicated mechanism. I don't mean to be mysterious, seriously Justin, but we're just at the early stages. We have some surprisingly strong results back and we think that will continue. Now don't forget we're coming off a period where everyone escalated their promotion spending quite dramatically so it is coming off a high-level. Of all times that is the great time to be implementing this. I think we are able to do it because with our kind of focus we are not in any new businesses, we have a pretty tight focus and once, all the history of Colgate says, once there is an effective model developed and it goes out into each country it grinds away and really generates results over time. This is going to be an ongoing story and we will tell you a lot about it.
Q - Justin Hott: The key thing though it is just not a, you just don't roll it out in a market and then it works for a year and then the growth stops?
A - Reuben Mark: One would hope not. It is designed basically to in a sophisticated way to supplement our original and continuing strategy which was we have to find ways to put more money into media advertising and sampling, by driving margin up and driving overhead down. That was eroded by the period when promotion spending went up just a cost of doing business. Now whether or not competition does anything or not we are going to try to find a way worldwide to spend less money but get at least the same effect. It may sound like alchemy and maybe it turns out to be but I really don't think so.
Q - Justin Hott: Can you comment on your market share gaps in oral care versus your main competitor in China, Brazil, India? Or should we do that off-line?
A - Reuben Mark: No, we can do it online.
Q - Justin Hott: Are they growing?
A - Reuben Mark: I didn't know that we had a gap versus our in China and I didn't..
Q - Justin Hott: Leadership is it expanding.
A - Reuben Mark: India our market share is 49%. And touching 50 in toothpaste and about 70 as I recall in powder. The nearest competitor which is a worldwide competitor has in the 20s.
A - Ian Cook: Nearest competitor has just over 30.
A - Reuben Mark: Nearest competitor has just over 30. Brazil, my recollection is we have a 62 share and the nearest competitor in China we are the, we have 33 and I think Procter & Gamble has, got to get it from them, but our nearest competitor has in the mid-20s. I'm not exactly sure what you mean by..
Q - Justin Hott: I just want to know if your gap, if your leadership positions are widening versus competition or
A - Reuben Mark: They are in certain countries, and it is China is obviously a continuing battle. Russia our gap we actually took over the number one position during this last quarter and that I think gap will widen. The gap in Europe is widening, as a result of our own share gains in GABA. We haven't talked about GABA but GABA is doing extremely well with market share gains in each of their countries. And as you know they dominate the pharmacy channel, so our lead is widening in Latin America. In Europe, India, Australia again we can do it off-line, but I can give you a country by country analysis.
Q - Justin Hott: That is perfect, thank you very much.
Operator: We will take our next question from Joe Altobello with CIBC World Markets.
Q - Joe Altobello: Have you guys announced any price freezes in Argentina?
A - Reuben Mark: Not to everybody is concerned is shaking their heads, we have not.
Q - Joe Altobello: Is there a risk that the government could come to you next?
A - Reuben Mark: Don't forget and actually, Joe, I learned earlier today, being a Swedish Italian and she said I didn't realize I thought from Spanish I thought Altobello means meant tall bell, but it really means tall and handsome.
Q - Joe Altobello: Indeed. Little ironic though. But as you know in countries and I believe it is true in Latin America and I am looking, Ian, tell me, that we have a list price which is very much above the actual set, what we actually sell it for with a series of discounts so that if a price freeze comes along we can basically remove one or more of those if we so choose. But as yet our business in Argentina is actually quite good and Argentina, someone just wrote a note to me, Argentina price actually was up 130 basis points in the quarter.
Q - Joe Altobello: Secondly, in Europe have you guys had any discussions with hard discounters about placing product there?
A - Ian Cook: As you know Joe, this is Ian, as you know the European discount scene is split between the hard discounters like the Audi's and Needle's and the soft discounters like Padillos and Mettos. We are quite well-established with the soft discounters and have begun in certain markets, beginning with Germany discussion with the hard discounters who now on a selective basis appear more open to branded goods.
Q - Joe Altobello: So is there a chance by second half of this year maybe you get some product there?
A - Ian Cook: We will see how the negotiations go but that is the objective.
Q - Joe Altobello: Okay. And finally on the stock buyback you guys I guess bought back about 800 million in '05, should we expect a similar number in '06?
A - Reuben Mark: We budgeted $600 million of buyback versus the 774 this year, 2005. Yes, 774 but my sense it may be more than that.
Q - Joe Altobello: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from John Faucher with JP Morgan.
Q - John Faucher: I will give you five bucks if you can tell me what my name means in French. So it certainly doesn't mean tall and handsome I can tell you that.
A - Reuben Mark: Interestingly in an obscure full Testament language the name Mark means short and bald.
Q - John Faucher: Was wondering if you can give us an idea just on a run rate basis, now that we have gone through a year of significant reinvestments from a marketing standpoint on the advertising and media lines, how do you feel about that basin and what do you think is the appropriate run rate going forward from that standpoint after the big increases we have seen over the past year?
A - Reuben Mark: Fortunately at least in the budget we have sufficient aspirations in the gross profit area and the containment of overhead and the various savings programs, that we are able to look at and increase a further increase in total advertising especially in media. For example, our advertising as it appears in the annual report grew in 2004 10% weighted heavily towards the second half as you remember. This year that is 2005, it grew 12.5 or thereabouts and next year in the budget we have a further growth a bit higher than the 12% and yet still delivering the double-digit EPS growth. Now that depends obviously on our making the savings goals, making the promotion savings goals, getting the gross margin, so one and so forth but that looks quite good. What we found is we are getting good mileage out of that money, especially as we spend it more efficiently and it is working.
A - Reuben Mark: It means broke as in having no money.
Q - John Faucher: That is exactly right. I will drop the five bucks off later today, I will come across the street.
A - Reuben Mark: Actually it demonstrates the efficiency we sent out for and got it. What was I saying? Oh, yes, so that if everything goes as planned we will be able to keep increasing advertising, at least reasonably so and that hopefully should lead to more market share gains. That after all is the strategy of dominance that we believe in. That is how we get there.
Q - John Faucher: Okay, thanks.
A - Reuben Mark: Don't forget, John, that we long ago said that we are trying to change the ratios of the business so that again gross profit gets up to the '60s, overhead keeps going down as a percentage of sales, and the advertising line specifically, the media keeps growing driving topline again. It is reasonably consistent with what we have always done.
Operator: We will take our next question from Alec Patterson with RCM.
Q - Alec Patterson: Just wanted to circle around on the gross margin outlook and more on the longer-term thought process behind it. When you announced the restructuring over a year ago I think you were suggesting that the longer-term trend would migrate from the 50 to 100 basis point increase to the 75 to 125 basis point increase benefiting from that restructuring program. So I wanted to circle back to that because I don't hear that 75 to 125 talked about as much anymore and just wanted to get a sense on that from you?
A - Reuben Mark: It is a good question but that is inadvertent. I think that the 75 to 125 was after the second or third year of the restructuring when all those savings took hold. I would reiterate that that is a problem. If you really want to know the truth which is not a great If actual budget for gross profit for next year is in the 75 to 150 range, not the 50 to 100 range but again that was why I was saying that everybody was nodding and I was being cautious. I would be again very surprised if we're not in that range next year.
Q - Alec Patterson: Just trying to look at this from the components that you guys lay out every quarter, materials cost increases, savings programs, funding the growth, the restructuring program, pricing, the program you have got going, I mean even if you assume material cost increases about 100 basis points negative to gross margin, you still are looking at some significant increases over the next few years. Is there something else offsetting that that would keep it, I mean frankly less than 150 basis points a year for the next couple of years?
A - Reuben Mark: You are saying it'll be higher than we are saying?
Q - Alec Patterson: I am putting the numbers together of funding the growth that is 100 to 150 basis points a year, restructuring of 50 plus a year, pricing that is probably on the order of 25 to 50 a year if you have got high raw material cost. The program sounds like it is 25 to 50 a year; so you put all of those together we are talking at least 150 basis points a year gross margin expansion. And obviously I am missing something because you seem to be suggesting less than that.
A - Reuben Mark: Yes, you have been around a long time Alec as I have been and many people sitting around this table and other tables that are listening. We may very well get more than that, but you know that if we say 150 basis points and it comes out 148 we are in trouble. And that we're running this on a systematic basis over time to increase the gross margin we pay for advertising. I am more, when we started the whole thing with a 39% margin, I am more optimistic now with a 56% margin that we can go up the next 500 basis points than I was originally. Simply because we have tapped into some very interesting far more sophisticated kinds of programs. Maybe we are being conservative but as you would expect as a shareholder that that is a desirable thing. Historically we have been.
Q - Alec Patterson: So my being around a long time is not a senility thing in your mind, in terms of the numbers?
A - Reuben Mark: I didn't address that.
Q - Alec Patterson: Okay, fair enough. Just quickly CapEx, 390 for '05, I thought it was going to be ticking up faster than that with the restructuring program which has pushed off a little bit, so I am just wondering and looking for '06 CapEx guidance?
A - Reuben Mark: '06 including the restructuring the budget is 524 which is higher than virtually any year on there. Without the restructuring it is 382 which at 3.2% sales which is about online with history.
Q - Alec Patterson: 382, do you just call that a maintenance type level or does that include the savings programs?
A - Reuben Mark: That includes the savings programs, which again as you know we do this in some detail. The savings projects about slightly more than half of the 382 is for in a regular program are savings projects. And the average after-tax rate of return on the figures says 43 7, is about what it has been as your remember about 40% historically.
Q - Alec Patterson: So by '09 when the restructuring program is over, we revert back to kind of this 382 run rate as a percent of sales?
A - Reuben Mark: Yes, except that tying back to an earlier question about the global sourcing almost by definition when you have more limited number of plants, the percentage to sales doesn't have to hold because you get more efficiencies out of one or two big plants than seven little plants. But, yes, we have historically for many years run between 3 and 4% usually on the low side of 3, 1.3, 2.3, 3, 4, of sales and that on an ongoing basis I would expect to continue.
Q - Alec Patterson: So the 524 being such a big step-up explains the lower share repurchase program thought process?
A - Reuben Mark: In the budget, yes. A couple hundred million dollars less than this year but or $150 million less but what history says is that we generate more cash than we budget and we use that opportunistically to buy back shares.
Q - Alec Patterson: And given your enthusiasm for this restructuring program, the gross margin outlook, your Robie program and the eventual rollover and the CapEx levels, why wouldn't you lever up a little bit and buy back more shares now for the potential payoff down the road?
A - Reuben Mark: It is conceivable, actually that is conceivable.
Q - Alec Patterson: Okay.
A - Reuben Mark: We prize our AA rating but maybe that is a good idea, and certainly as always when we examine that on a regular basis with our Board, we will talk about that.
Q - Alec Patterson: Thanks very much, Reuben.
Operator: We will take our next question from Elana Mills with Atlantic Equities.
Q - Elana Mills: Just a question on Europe please. I was wondering if you could elaborate a little bit more on what you are seeing in that market because this was the one area of the business where pricing was still negative. Could you talk a bit about the competitive dynamics in your key categories and perhaps whether you see opportunities for pricing going forward?
A - Reuben Mark: In terms of our key categories in Europe, interestingly we had in the fourth quarter good volume growth in oral care. We had an 8% volume growth in oral care and everything else was a little bit lighter which led to the 2.5% volume that you saw earlier. They are budgeting a continuation of that simply because it is a market share increase which generates it. The markets are difficult. Ian mentioned the both the hard and soft discounter. Pricing is difficult and economic conditions are difficult. Although in preparing for this call I didn't notice that the big three or four countries France, Germany and Italy are prophesying somewhat better GDP growth this year than last and we are seeing as I say a slight uptick in our business momentum. There is no doubt that Europe is a difficult market for everyone. We are pleased that on the year our operating profit was up and our volume was up essentially. Western Europe is of course booming and Eastern Europe is of course booming and we balance between them.
Q - Elana Mills: Would it be fair to say that your pricing was actually up in oral care but down in household categories?
A - Reuben Mark: I don't have it broken down that way but I would guess on a calculated basis it would be because GABA grew very well faster than the rest of the business even though the rest of the business grew nicely, and that on a mix basis would probably push the price up.
Q - Elana Mills: Great, that is very helpful. Just one final clarification question; I am sorry to come back to this because you did go through it earlier, could you just confirm that the restructuring savings that you mentioned earlier on the call, that the figures that you quoted referred to the incremental progression annually and not to absolute figures?
A - Reuben Mark: Yes, confirm that.
Q - Elana Mills: Okay, great. Thanks very much and congratulations on a solid quarter.
Operator: We will take our last question from Alice Longley with Buckingham Research.
Q - Alice Longley: My question is back on this promotional efficiencies, I know you are really excited about it and they are coming in better than expected, but still it is sort of nebulous as to what the efficient are. Can you give me an example of how you're doing things differently with promotions that is working so well?
A - Reuben Mark: We can go from very simple to very complex. Because what happens is coming into the SAP system are all the measurements from both the syndicated services, the accounts and our own data. So that I'm looking around, there is actually some people in the room who know a lot about this so I am really on ice here, but, nonetheless, and so that essentially you take a promotion, X, Y, Z, whatever it is and you are able to determine how much, first of all what the takeaway is, how much repeat business you get out of it, what the cost of that repeat business was, what the rate of return is, whether or not you want to do it again, with what frequency, do you want to and so on. That is a very simplified example but that multiplied many, many, many fold and the development of best practice for that particular marketplace then becomes the guideline for the future.
Q - Alice Longley: I have heard you talk about this before I mean three years ago getting more efficient in terms of promotional spending. Why is it suddenly accelerating and getting a lot better, just better systems?
A - Reuben Mark: Number one is that the whole line itself got much, much bigger in the competitive battle over the last few years so it is a far bigger target. Number two, 3 years ago we weren't united by SAP; we were just getting to the worldwide footprint that we now have. And three we were fighting other battles and we have now focused on this for the last I would say, year, and it is exciting as you say.
Q - Alice Longley: My one other toped is dog food. Clearly you keep growing nicely; can you give us overall data on I guess the volume growth of the dog food market in America; it's growing faster than the population I guess?
A - Reuben Mark: It is, the pet food market, the dog and cat food market is growing faster than the population and there has been a bit of a resurgence because it moved away from pet stores couple of years ago and now it is moving back. We are looking for volume next year which parallels the market growth of about 5% domestically and generally I think I have the actual numbers here. This says the market growth in the specialty market which is where we compete is 5.3% internationally and in North America 5. The total pet food market is much smaller growth, 0.8%, that includes all of the supermarket brands and everything domestically 0.8, and internationally 0.3. If you take the market in which we compete it is about 5% in the United States and somewhat higher overseas. Our consumption for 2005 was actually slightly more than that internationally and about the same domestically.
Q - Alice Longley: Great, thanks a lot.
Reuben Mark, Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer: Thank you everybody. I appreciate the interest and the time and we will continue to do our best to live up to your expectations.
Operator: And that does conclude today's presentation. We thank you for your participation and you may disconnect at this time.
