===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-25 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day. And welcome to the Centene Corporation First Quarter 2025 Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. If you need assistance, please signal a conference specialist by pressing the star key followed by zero. Please note today's event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jennifer Gilligan, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jennifer Gilligan: Thank you, Rocco, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on our first quarter 2025 earnings results conference call. Sarah London, Chief Executive Officer, and Drew Asher, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Centene, will host this morning's call, which also can be accessed through our website at centene.com. Any remarks that Centene may make about future expectations, plans, and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for the purpose of the Safe Harbor provision under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by those forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in our first quarter 2025 press release, Centene's most recent Form 10-K filed on February 18, 2025, and other public SEC filings, which are available on the company's website under the Investors section. Centene anticipates that subsequent events and developments may cause its estimates to change. While the company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. I will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of these measures with the most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our first quarter 2025 press release. With that, I would like to turn the call over to our CEO, Sarah London. Sarah?
Sarah London: Thanks, Jen, and thanks everyone for joining us as we review our first quarter results and updated full-year 2025 outlook. This morning, we reported first quarter adjusted diluted EPS of $2.90, consistent with the expectations we shared with investors last month. Our full-year 2025 adjusted EPS expectations remain unchanged at greater than $7.25. We have increased clarity on the components of our $7.25 floor and have moved some of the underlying metrics as a result. Drew will cover these and other details of the quarter in a moment. Uncertainty and change are not new to Centene. And we are managing the business well while navigating a dynamic policy landscape. Relative to the active national dialogue around health care policy reform, we believe a few things are important to note. First, we do not see broad support for benefit cuts in Medicaid from either the White House or from Congress. In fact, over the last few months, we have witnessed an increase in bicameral Republican members objecting to major Medicaid reforms. While there is building momentum around work requirements within the expansion population and opportunities to drive better efficiency in the system for beneficiaries and the states, we believe that large-scale benefit cuts and significant policy changes would present challenges for the reconciliation process. Second, there is growing bipartisan recognition in Congress that the expiration of the enhanced premium tax credits must be addressed before they expire at the end of the year. A recent survey conducted by leading Republican pollsters found that 78% of swing voters support extending health care premium tax credits for working families. The criticality of these tax credits for Republican voters, small business owners, and our existing rural health care infrastructure, as well as the potential of the individual marketplace to serve as a platform for ICRA growth, has taken root for many Republican congressional leaders. Congress is scheduled to return from recess next week, and we expect activity focused on driving the contours of a reconciliation bill as the first order of business. Republican lawmakers are targeting Memorial Day for a reconciliation bill, but much will depend on the consensus-building process. Beyond reconciliation, the next big order of business will be government funding due to expire at the end of Q3. We anticipate this could be another vehicle where health care issues are addressed. Amid this backdrop, we continue to execute on our strategic initiatives while advocating for sound health care policy. We've demonstrated the ability to be successful under multiple administrations and expect nothing less as we navigate the next four years. Turning to the core business, we took important steps forward in the quarter as we continue on our path of margin recovery, including better alignment of rates and member acuity in more geographies. As we noted back in February, approximately 40% of our Medicaid revenue received refreshed rates at the start of the quarter with an average increase of 4.5%. These rates contributed to underlying improvement in the performance of the book. However, the full impact of this improvement was masked in the quarter by a more active flu season than we anticipated. Medicaid, flu, and ILI drove $130 million of incremental medical expense in the quarter beyond our initial expectations, largely offsetting the underlying MLR improvement we experienced. On the rate front, our discussions with state partners continue to be constructive and to benefit from increasingly complete data demonstrating the acuity shifts the industry has seen over the last year as a result of the tailing redeterminations process. We continue to believe that Medicaid will ultimately return to pre-pandemic margin levels as we work through the coming rate cycles and engage with our members to deliver high-quality, low-cost outcomes. On the business development front, we delivered several key Medicaid contract wins since the start of the year, underscoring the strength and competitiveness of our unique service model. Centene was selected by the state of Illinois to continue providing Medicare and Medicaid services for dually eligible members through a fully integrated D-SNP. The D-SNP program will provide services and support statewide for members who qualify for both Medicare and Medicaid as well as dually eligible MLTSS members. In the state of Nevada, our Silver Summit health plan has once again been selected by the Nevada Department of Health and Human Services to serve its Medicaid managed care program. For the first time, the program will include expansion of Medicaid managed care into rural and frontier service areas, allowing us to grow our footprint across the state. These wins are testimony to Centene's expertise in both high and low acuity populations, making us a partner of choice in states across the nation. Our Medicare segment performed in line as we advanced our Medicare Advantage business on a path toward breakeven in 2027 and managed the evolution of Medicare Part D amid significant program changes due to the Inflation Reduction Act. As you saw from this morning's press release, we have added $1 billion of annual revenue to our outlook for 2025 as Medicare Advantage membership is shaping up to be a little stronger than we previously anticipated. This better-than-expected membership is being driven by improved retention, and we are pleased to be able to attract and retain lives through our strengthening Medicare value proposition. As we plan for 2026, we were pleased to see the inclusion of more recent claims data in the final 2026 Medicare Advantage rate calculation, resulting in rates that better reflect the medical cost trend we've seen in MA over the last two years. There will still be gaps to close between rate and cost across certain geographies, but this step forward was important as we look to deliver valuable benefits to seniors and return our business to breakeven in 2027. In addition to rates, the critical lever we are pulling to drive to breakeven in Medicare Advantage are STARZ results, value-based clinical initiatives, and operational efficiency through SG&A reductions. On the stars front, we continue to see momentum. While a number of components remain outstanding, we are projecting underlying improvement across chapters. That said, we are conscious of the fact that cut points or the relationship between absolute scores and corresponding star ratings become more difficult due to recent methodology changes and variability in competitor performance. With that in mind, we took on the challenge to de-risk our STARS outcome in 2027 and to build a plan that supports our 2027 breakeven trajectory across the range of projected outcomes expected this October. Through the identification of cost-saving opportunities and operational levers, we have increased confidence in our ability to generate breakeven results in 2027 with our current star ratings or 55% of members in three and a half star plans. With improvements on those results giving us increased flexibility and potential upside in our breakeven path. As always, rates for 2027 will be an important input, and we will continue to advocate for program funding that supports the critical health care needs of Medicare Advantage beneficiaries across the country. Finally, our commercial segment, which includes our marketplace business, grew nicely during the first quarter as new enrollment and retention were both stronger than previously anticipated. The impact we experienced relative to the which more muted in the period than we originally forecasted contributing to better than expected member retention. This membership strength is reflected in the full-year revenue increase we issued earlier this morning. Recent CMS guidance suggests that ultimate notifications and actions won't be taken until this summer, suggesting we won't see the full impact of this membership until Q3. As a reminder, we have these and other seasonal member attrition already baked into our full-year forecast. In other policy news, CMS issued the marketplace integrity and affordability proposed rule last month, including standards for the health insurance marketplaces as well as for health insurers, brokers, and agents who connect millions of consumers to affordable individual coverage. We are engaging with CMS on these policy proposals and working to model the potential impact of each component. The only major provision that would impact 2025 would be the discontinuation of the continuous SEP for members below 150% of the FPL. The rest, depending on what gets finalized, would influence market and membership dynamics beginning in 2026. With respect to enhanced ABTCs, we remain optimistic that legislators will act to preserve these tax credits given the value they create in health outcomes and market stability. But we are preparing for a range of potential outcomes as we establish plans for marketplace pricing and product positioning in 2026. While there are a number of factors that could impact the marketplace operating landscape over the next year, as a category leader in this business, we look forward to navigating the near-term dynamic from a position of strength and recalibrating our book with a focus on margin and long-term profitable growth. Stepping back, as we survey the performance of our diversified portfolio, we are pleased to reiterate our full-year 2025 adjusted EPS outlook of greater than $7.25 amid sector volatility that is unmatched in recent history. With three months under our belt, we are prudently guiding with an element of conservatism to acknowledge at this early stage in the year the many moving parts we are managing. We remain excited by our long-term trajectory, including the attractiveness of our end markets, our positioning to capture meaningful market share and the associated earnings power, and the exceptional team that is mobilized in executing against these opportunities. We are committed to delivering value to our shareholders and to transforming the health of the communities we serve, one person at a time. With that, I'll turn it over to Drew to cover the quarter and full-year view in more detail.
Drew Asher: Thank you, Sarah. Today, we reported first quarter 2025 results, including strong premium and service revenue of $42.5 billion and adjusted diluted earnings per share of $2.90 in the quarter. A good start to 2025. While we manage the company as a diversified portfolio, let's go segment by segment for some insights into how we've been able to manage various tailwinds and headwinds to yield a strong aggregate result so far in 2025. Medicaid membership was stable and right in line with our expectation of 12.9 to 13 million members. The Medicaid HBR, excluding excess influenza-related costs, was approximately 93%, showing some progress compared to 93.4 in Q4 of 2024. You'll see the print at 93.6, including about $130 million of Q1 influenza-related costs above our expected. At a conference in March, we had also cited $130 million of excess influenza costs through February. And consistent with CDC data, influenza settled down as we got into March. Fundamentally, we continue to make progress matching rates and acuity, the keyword being progress, not completion. For instance, a 4/1 rate cycle representing about 11% of Medicaid revenue yielded an approximate 5% rate increase, though still inadequate for that 4/1 cohort. In areas such as MLTC, home and community-based services, and emerging high-cost drugs. So progress, but more work to do as we get through 2025 and into 2026. On our entire Medicaid book, we are projecting a full-year composite rating increase at 4% plus. Medicare Advantage and PDP both outperform on membership. We retained more membership than expected during the Medicare Advantage open enrollment period, which bodes well for long-term earnings power. This is contributing $1 billion to our 2025 premium and service revenue guidance increase. EDP ended the quarter at 7.9 million members, strong growth from 2024. Medicare segment HBR was 86.3% in the quarter, which, as we covered in past discussions, is expected to follow an inverted slope line compared to 2024 due to the Inflation Reduction Act program changes. So a lower Medicare second HBR and higher earnings early in the year and higher HBR and lower earnings later in the year. Within the Medicare segment, both Medicare Advantage and PDP businesses were on track in the quarter. And you'll see an intra-year increase in the Medicare Advantage PDR, premium deficiency reserve, that was planned for and is solely related to the sloping of earnings during 2025. So no change in our view of Medicare Advantage earnings for 2025. Commercial membership was very strong in the quarter, not just during open enrollment for 1/1, but also in February and March. Q1 commercial segment HBR at 75.0% was a little higher than last year's 73.3, driven by 1.9 million new marketplace members in Q1. These members are utilizing a little more than last year's new members, but because it's so early in the year, we are not yet recognizing a matching offset for risk adjustment. We'll know more when we get the first weekly file in late June, early July. Given top-line performance in Q1, and even as we forecast net membership attrition throughout the rest of the year, we are adding $5 billion of premium revenue to 2025 guidance related to the marketplace. Moving to other consolidated P&L and balance sheet items. Our adjusted SG&A expense ratio was 7.9% in the first quarter, compared to 8.7% last year, which decreased due to continued leveraging of expenses over higher revenues and good discipline. Cash flow provided by operations was $1.5 billion for Q1, primarily driven by net earnings. Our debt to adjusted EBITDA was 2.8 times at quarter-end. Our medical claims liability totaled $19.9 billion for Q1 and represents 49 days in claims payable, a decrease of four days as compared to the fourth and first quarters of 2024, driven by significant revenue growth in the PDP business. The decrease in days was expected given the mix impact of our PDP business, which will be a $16 billion plus business in 2025, versus $5.2 billion last year. As I'm sure you know, pharmacy claims complete much faster than medical claims, causing the mix-related mathematical reduction to DCP. Looking at the full year, we are pleased to reiterate greater than $7.25 of adjusted diluted EPS. As you've heard, the theme of the quarter was strong premium revenue growth and stronger than expected membership. Accordingly, we are increasing premium and service revenue guidance to a midpoint of $165 billion, up from $159 billion. We are also recalibrating the consolidated HBR to reflect this growth and a couple of other items. Fifty basis points is driven by one, incremental Q1 growth in the marketplace, with that growth assumed for now to be at a lower than average margin level. Two, a full-year Medicaid HBR in the mid to high 91s, inclusive of flu from Q1, and three, very high utilization of specialty drugs in non-low-income PDP members. While most of this is covered by the PDP demo risk corridor, some of it makes it to our P&L. When coupled with SG&A outperformance in PDP, we are still on track for a PDP pretax margin in the one percents. We're also lowering the consolidated adjusted SG&A ratio midpoint by 45 basis points given strong performance in Q1 and based upon our 2025 growth and mix of business. And we lowered investment income by $100 million as we reforecast cash balances and calibrated potential rate cuts. So on track for 2025 at this early point in the year, with a very strong top line creating attractive long-term earnings power. Now a few educational comments on 2026. Since much of what we do in 2025 sets us up for success in 2026. On the marketplace, there are two items that, if finalized, would impact the 2026 market size and risk pool that need to be reflected in 2026 pricing. Potential expiration of the APTCs is one that we've discussed heretofore. The second item, as Sarah mentioned, is the new marketplace integrity and affordability proposed rule released in March with provisions that would impact 2026. Looking at actuarial studies, these two items combined may cause high single-digit price increases, and that's before any baseline trend adjustments, pricing forward trend for 2026, and potential tariffs. While the proposed rule changes seem likely to get implemented, we are still optimistic about lawmakers seeing the merits of continuing EAPTCs. And over half of our states have agreed to accept two sets of rates, one with enhanced APTCs and one without, in case there's clarity by July. So rest assured, we are on top of adequately pricing for these matters. EDP, the high specialty drug trend, being partly driven by pharmacy industry behavior, will need to be reflected in 2026 bids along with the assumption that the demo risk corridor will not be repeated at the same protective level. And we'll also be thinking about potential tariff impacts when making bid decisions. Remember our discussions last year about the PDP direct subsidy substantially rising in 2025, due to forecasted IRA dynamics that landed right where we thought it would. Oh, we expect another year of a large direct subsidy increase, maybe to over $200 compared to this year's $142. Because of the intentional and maybe unintentional cost consequences of the IRS. So, again, we are focused on making adequate pricing moves coupled with a higher PMPM yield as we think about being responsible in our 2026 decisions being made in the next month or two. We are very pleased to deliver a strong Q1 and more earnings power for the future. Thank you for your interest in Centene, Rocco, we'll open the line up for questions.
Operator: Yes, sir. As a reminder, if you'd like to ask a question, please press star then one at this time. If your question has already been addressed, you like to remove yourself from queue. Please press star then two. Our first question today comes from Josh Raskin with Nephron Research. Please go ahead.
Josh Raskin: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. I was wondering if you could just give some more details about the flu-related cost that you cited, specifically if you're seeing more physician visits, I'm assuming primary care and maybe even a specialty. And how confident are you that these are flu-related and not, you know, related to some uptick in trend that could lead to down utilization. And I want to make sure all of that was contained in Medicaid. You're not seeing any of that in the Medicare book. Correct?
Sarah London: Hey, Josh. Good morning. Thanks for the question. So the $130 million that we saw above expectations in Q1 in Medicaid is a result of very closely tracking. So we have a clear and consistent definition for flu and what we call ILI or influenza-like illnesses. And that is what drove the $130 million. Again, it's a consistent code set that we've used over the last eight years. We also look at sort of flu-related illnesses. We don't include that in the calculation, but it does support the view that obviously CDC reported this was the most acute flu season in the country seen in the last fifteen years. And we saw, you know, both in sort of core flu utilization and then sort of knock-on effects. But, again, that $130 million is isolated to our standard flu definition. We did see some flu in the marketplace and in Medicare, but not the same as the $130 million that we saw in Medicaid and then obviously saw that trail consistent with the national trajectory pretty hard down in March, and so we think that is isolated to a Q1 item.
Josh Raskin: Gotcha. And I get to sneak in. I didn't hear a commentary around the long-term embedded or earnings. I think you've talked about three to four dollars in the past. I just wanted to make sure that was consistent, especially in light of your comments around, you know, MA getting to breakeven even without the STARS improvement.
Drew Asher: Yeah. No. Clearly, there's still opportunity to expand Medicaid margins. That's clear. Based upon the current HBR and what we're forecasting for this year. Still excited about and even actually probably more optimistic about the ability to get to breakeven and, you know, depending on the levers we can pull, the stars results and then the 2027 Medicare revenue, maybe even beyond that. So that still holds. And then PDP, we're still on that one percent-ish area in pretax for this year. Even with a little bit of pressure or a fair amount of pressure, in non-low-income specialty cost, we're making that up in SG&A. So that still presents an opportunity for margin expansion. On top of that, we just added $6 billion more in revenue, which is exciting to think about the earnings power of that over the next few years.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from A.J. Rice of UBS. Please go ahead.
A.J. Rice: Hi, everybody, and thanks for the question. Maybe just ask a couple of the Washington-related questions. I know at the Investor Day, you guys had sized your estimate of what the headwind would be if the public exchange subsidies, enhanced subsidies were to go away at about a dollar a share. You've mentioned some new things today. And I really wasn't clear whether the tariff comment was related to public exchanges somehow. But is that dollar still a good number, or how's your thinking evolved on that if it has at all? And then you also mentioned the work rules, which does seem to be something that a lot of these guys are talking about. I wondered just conceptually how to think about that. If plans are asked to be the ones that sort of get the attestations about whether people are adhering to the work rules, etcetera, work rule requirements, etcetera. How much of a burden would that be, and how impact would something like that be on the business you think?
Sarah London: Yeah. Thanks, AJ. Great questions. So the dollar is still good relative to the view of enhanced APTCs. We're working through the process of sizing the elements that came out in the proposed rule for the marketplace and obviously interfacing with CMS and providing feedback. So as we see what gets finalized and for what periods it's time, I think we can provide an update on the interplay of those provisions with the enhanced APTCs. Obviously, we'll have hopefully increased visibility on what's gonna happen with the enhanced APTCs as we get into Q2 and Q3 time frame. Based on belief that either through reconciliation or through the government funding vehicles that Congress will act on the extension of those. So more to come, but we're obviously watching that closely and sizing both the potential impact and the interplay. Relative to work requirements, these, as you know, are not new. We have work requirements in some of our states today. We've also seen them come and, frankly, go in our states over the years. And based on that experience, really a lot depends on what the ultimate framework is and the definition of able-bodied adults, what the carve-outs are, and so we really would expect a high degree of variability in how they and if they settle out at the state level. Which again is not new for us. Right? We operate in 31 states for Medicaid, which means the programs are all different. We're very used to sort of tracking these changes on the horizon and then working closely with our state partners to understand different levels of dependency or expectation relative to MCO's involvement in that process. We think there's a great opportunity to lean in there and map out state by state ways that we can ensure that members continue to have access to critical healthcare resources. So our teams are already at work on that process in anticipation of what may or may not come on the work requirements run.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today comes from Justin Lake of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Justin Lake: Thanks. Good morning. Just talking on the exchanges. The risk adjustment numbers have been bouncing around for a lot of your peers. I believe weekly just gave an update there. Curious what, you know, how weekly's numbers kind of look versus yours. Were you able did you move your risk adjustment around much in the quarter versus year-end for 2024? And then, you know, that number does look kinda different than what it did in the end of 23 versus 24. Just curious, you know, how your risk how you see your risk pool changing.
Drew Asher: Looks like your payable was down pretty meaningful. Yeah. Actually, if you I know it's early. If you pull out the 10-Q we just filed, there's very good consistency. Almost exact. Consistency when you look at Q4 24 versus where we ended up at Q1 and the weekly data that we get continual updates on relative to the 2024 year, was very consistent with our estimates. So you know, good nothing sort of for where we think we're gonna end up out of line in the quarter relative to our estimates at year-end for 2024. So pleased with that. Yeah. The real question is gonna be, the utilization we're seeing in our new business, our 1.9 million members, you know, some of that does look consistent with what should show up in 2025 risk adjustment. We think we're being prudent, sort of waiting to see if that's gonna be the case when we get our first view of 2025 risk adjustment data. Which comes at the end of June, early July for that first weekly data dump for the industry.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Ed Haines with Mizuho Securities. Please go ahead.
Ed Haines: Good morning. Thank you. I know you gave original guidance for Medicaid rates the second half. You assumed, I believe, around the 2.5% rate increase. Is that still the case? And do you have increased visibility on how those negotiations are going for the second half? That would be my first question. And then maybe secondly, with Medicaid, besides the flu, is anything running hotter than you expected when you first when you gave original guidance?
Sarah London: Thanks, Anne, for the question. So composite rate for the full year, we're now seeing at mid-fours. And the rate negotiations relative to upcoming, so think about the 7/1 cohort, which is the next cycle, we will start to get visibility into that as we get in later into Q2. So more to come on that front. But as you heard me say, you know, I think we're seeing good continued momentum in our discussions with state partners. And the fact that as we roll forward we have further completion data behind us in terms of the acuity pattern that started to emerge in Q2 right around this time last year. So that helps bolster the conversation in terms of supporting the actuarial calculus. And I think helps in conversations with the state. So, obviously, looking to that 7/1, 9/1, and 10/1 cohort, to contribute to the back half of the year. Then I think you asked about Medicaid utilization beyond flu. And so we continue to see largely the same themes, but, Drew, maybe you wanna click into a few of those.
Drew Asher: Yeah. No. Clearly, we had the flu of $130 million in Q1. That's transitory. Behavioral health continues to be a trend item. We've mentioned that probably for the last six quarters. We've got initiatives to tackle that and working with our state partners things like applied behavioral analysis, I guess, no surprise coming out of, you know, the pandemic era. There's pockets of home health. We've mentioned that before, things like attended services, that where we can tighten do some audits. And then probably the area of uptick is high-cost drugs. An example might be a Levitus. Which curiously is a $3.2 million single treatment drug that, you know, if you read the JAMA articles, it's, you know, questionable in terms of the efficacy. And looking at we're all trying to keep health care affordable. That seems quite extreme for a cost of a single treatment for a newly approved drug last year. So that's an area of uptick that effectively is on the back of the federal and state governments and us as a payer. So that's one thing we're watching, and we thought about that as we lifted the Medicaid HBR into the mid to high 91s, from our previous guidance.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Stephen Baxter at Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Stephen Baxter: Hi. Thanks. I was just hoping that you could help us understand a little bit better how you're thinking about progression of Medicaid LR throughout the balance. So do you know you mentioned that, I think, you have 11% of your rate in the second quarter and a decent rate update there. But it looks like you have a lot of work to do to get even the exit rate MLR down the level that you've now guided to for the full year. So just trying to understand the progression and why we should be able to think about getting from 93 on the core in the first quarter to something probably in the 90 to 91 range by the fourth quarter to kinda make this all fit together. Thank you.
Sarah London: Yeah. Thanks, Steven. Obviously, there are two key levers to the progression of the Medicaid MLR. The first is rates, and so I'll let Drew talk a little bit about the assumptions, both, again, sort of composite and then how that plays out. In the back half. But to my comments earlier, you know, a lot of it has to do with the tenure of the conversations that we're having with the states. And the fact that we have sort of empirical evidence of the acuity shifts and we continue to have momentum you look quarter over quarter over quarter in terms of those rates coming in to start to address the acuity dislocation. The other lever is obviously what we can do internally relative to clinical initiatives and thinking about the right network partners and ways to ensure that we are consistently interrogating our operating model to ensure that we're delivering high quality, but we're doing so at low cost. And so we have, you know, maximum effort on that that has, you know, always in always in place, but I think, you know, picked up. Through the course of last year, making sure that we are, you know, on top of all of those levers that we can pull internally, and the coordination of that is really what drives the ultimate outcome. But, Jude, do you wanna talk more specifically about rates and progression?
Drew Asher: Yeah. Sure. And I'm sure you know this, but, you know, we've sort of made the company as a diversified portfolio. So our goal is to hit the 88.9 to 89.5 consolidated HBR yes, we provide details underneath that. And we are driving to a mid to high 91s for full year. And you're right. That takes some improvement progression. You know, the first half of this year being better than the second half of last year, and then the second half of this year being better than the first half of this year, partly driven by rates. If you do the math, our full year is actually 4% plus. That's our full year goal for rates. That would you could do the algebra and figure out we're betting on mid-threes. We'd probably be disappointed in the mid-threes in the back half of the year, but that's what we're betting on. And then there's a number of levers where we're working with our state partners to not just for rates, but program changes. Actually, there's one state where it's likely we're gonna get pharmacy management back after the state, you know, tried an experiment and it didn't work. And there's other levers where we're working on behavioral health and home health and things I mentioned for the 4/1 cohort. So that together should give good lift in the back half of the year in Medicaid, and you'll be able to see that given the detail that we report.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Dave Wendly at Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Dave Wendly: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to ask just to clarify Justin's question. Drew, in your answer, you talked about risk adjustment and where you think it would go. I think I know what you mean, but I just wanted to I don't wanna assume. So do you think it should go risk and the risk pool should go up? Is that what you were implying? And then the second question I had was around your membership growth, which looks very attractive. Could you talk about what per is fully subsidized and if that was different during this first quarter SEP lift? If you could comment on that too, please.
Drew Asher: Yeah. On the risk adjustment yeah. Thanks for asking the clarification. Always welcome that. If you look at our queue, we didn't really book our net payable or receivable didn't change from year-end. In other words, we're not booking a big receivable on 2025 risk adjustment in the first quarter. Even though we see diagnosis codes and utilization on that new membership. That should, you know, yield some risk adjustment offset. So we'll get more information on that, and, hopefully, there's that opportunity, but we're not sort of betting on that with what we booked in Q1. Given it's so early in the year. And then no issues with 2024 risk adjustment coming into this year.
Sarah London: And relative to membership, you know, the vast majority of our membership is subsidized, which is consistent, always has been, consistent with our focus on really serving the lowest income marketplace members seen as a sister population to Medicaid and sort of the natural hedge and synergistic services that serving those two populations affords us, we did not see any major shift in the percentage of subsidized population coming into this OE and what we saw in Q1 in terms of strong growth.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Sarah James at Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go ahead.
Sarah James: Thank you. I wanted to clarify. When you talked about the new exchange lives coming on at a higher MLR, are you talking about the dynamic of just new members not having trended to normal margins yet, or is there something in the acuity or claims data that makes you think these new lives might be a higher MLR or lower margin outside of the traditional ramp. And how are you thinking about the fluctuation rate and where enrollment could end at the end of the year for exchanges?
Sarah London: Yeah. Sure. So let me start with so effectuation rate in this in Q1 came in strong sort of at the higher end of our expected range but generally in the same neighborhood as we as we normally see. We actually saw, meaningfully higher renewal rates this year, which is awesome. That's a result of focused effort from our Ambetter team. And so really pleased to see those results. We are still projecting the same trajectory of membership. So strong Q1 growth means a slightly higher jump-off point, but still expecting, as Drew talked about, that attrition through the year, which incorporates all the assumptions around FTR and a return to more normal seasonality. But it means at the end of the year, we're projecting high fours versus that mid-fours that we were talking about on the Q4 call. So nothing changed there. Just a slightly higher jump-off point, and everything is sort of baked into the outlook. As Drew said, we are seeing utilization in that new member cohort. Our renewal members are, you know, the experience there is as expected, and that utilization is really consistent with care that informs acuity and typically flows through to risk adjustment. So think about PC and chronic care visits. And, you know, given that we won't see the weekly data until late Q2, we're taking a prudent posture on that population, but we have accounted for that level of utilization in our full-year outlook.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Andrew Mok of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Andrew Mok: Hi. Good morning. Wanted to follow-up on the Part D commentary. You called out that you're still targeting Part D pretax margins of 1%, but you reference that you might be in the risk corridor, which suggests a lower margin. You help us understand how the risk corridor actually works? Is that applied at the contract level or plan level? Such that we might see a wide range of underlying performance some of which will be in the risk corridor, but you still net out to 1% pretax margins. Thanks.
Drew Asher: Yeah. No. Good question, Andrew. Part of it, we're making up in SG&A, but there is a it's a nice mechanism that CMS, I think, was smart to put in place given the IRA changes. So when you get to 2.5% and this is important, relative to the bid assumption, of pharmacy cost. Which is not relative to guidance, but relative to the bid assumption and the mechanics of the bids, then there's a 50/50 split if you're off to the bad more than 2.5%. So, yes, we're into that risk corridor because of the very high specialty utilization like I said in my script, some of which is driven by pharma behavior. Pushing cost to the federal government and into the PDP program from what would have otherwise been pharmacy assistant and patient assistant programs. But, nonetheless, we've got cover because of that risk corridor. And that's what we're thinking about for 2026. As a payer, we can't assume that that risk corridor will get reinstated at that same level unless CMS clarifies that in advance, and so that will be reflected in our bids. So, yeah, that all adds up to still being on track for a pretax margin. The ones, one, because of the SG&A help, but then also the protective mechanism which was good to have in a year where the maximum out of pocket went down to $2,000.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Lance Wilkes at First Name. Great. Thanks. I wanna focus in a little more on the specialty trends.
Lance Wilkes: Can you talk a little bit about what trend level you're seeing for specialty and how it differentiates between maybe PDP, MAPD, and Medicaid. And then more just to better understand it over in the RD area, could you talk about are you seeing new prescriptions being written? Or is this just a higher like, same number of units and unit assumptions but a higher, like, dollar value of that? And maybe just clarification on that three items for the HBR guide lift. Could just give us, like, a proportion of each of those two. Thanks a lot.
Sarah London: Sure. Thanks, Lance. Let me hit the Medicaid piece, and then I'll turn it over to Drew for PDP. So one of the things that's important to note and Drew touched on this but just so sort of firm in everyone's mind that ultimately, the Medicaid specialty drug utilization ends up being getting baked into the state rates. It is a process for that to happen. And so one of the things that we're seeing is that states that are still trying to figure out how to put programs in place around some of these specialty drugs that are particularly high cost. That can take some time for them to figure out whether they're gonna do that as a carve-out or how they're gonna manage through it. One of the things that we can uniquely do, and this actually goes back to Steven's question about sort of why you can have confidence in the progression of the MLR, is that we are able to bring to our states solutions for how to think about dealing with those high-cost drugs. So a big piece in Medicaid is just timing. Again, that will get baked into the rates through a couple of different potential program changes. And then, Drew, if you wanna talk about the PDP specialty drug dynamics.
Drew Asher: Yeah. Lance, it's most prevalent in the non-low-income PDP members. So not as prevalent in low because they've always been cost-share protected. And it does relate to the change in the maximum out of pocket going down to $2,000. We thought about that. In fact, we thought about pharma behavior. We thought about, you know, member behavior as we priced our PDP business. We didn't expect things like patient assistant programs, barriers to be put up for patients, to push them over to the PDP program as severe as what's happening. It's a pretty high trend in areas. I'll give you some, you know, categories, asthma, eczema, inflammatory, members all of the sudden having, for instance, a Dupixent script on 1/1 and figuring out that that member used to be in a patient assistant program. So the good news is we can absorb that. We can think about that in our 26 bids. The backstop of the federal government. Which effectively is shifting, you know, pharma costs over to the federal government. Because of the risk corridor. That's in place this year. So we're on track, and we expect to be on track in PDP. Just sharing some observations that need to make it into the 2026 bids and why we think that direct subsidy is gonna be lifted again which increased the cost of the program. So we're good at predicting that stuff and, you know, getting that into the bids. And we'll do that for 2026.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from John Stansell with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
John Stansell: Great. Thanks for taking the question. To kind of follow-up on the part D side, you know, growth has been very strong. This year. Have the new members behaved kind of consistent with your overall pool? And then following up on the 26 theme here, it sounds like based on the kind of the wording and the final rate notice, and what you're I wouldn't hear that you think that the demo risk corridors might be dialed back in 26. Do you think that's an industry consensus that everyone expects and will design their bids in that way? Is there a concern that that might not necessarily be the way that people approach this, the 26 bid cycle given all the moving parts?
Drew Asher: On PDP, I think it would be foolish not to assume that. Because, obviously, there'd be a lot more pressure in that specialty trend if that demo had not been in place. So we could tell you what we're gonna do, and you know, buyer beware for the rest of the industry. But industry's usually been pretty good about thinking through the elements of what impacts PDP. So look, that's a great business for us. Sixteen billion of plus of revenue. We've been, you know, we've been able to manage that well through the years, and through the changes, including the IRA. And so the point is to, you know, just to showcase what's going on underneath the covers even though we still believe we're gonna hit that 1% plus margin this year and we'll be pricing prudently for next year as well.
Sarah London: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Joanna Gaju with Bank of America.
Joaquin Vergara: Hey. This is Joaquin Vergara on for Joanna. Could you talk about any changes to your current outlook within MA? And have been discussions around group MA. So have you been seeing anything unusual your group business in terms of utilization?
Sarah London: Yeah. We were, as Drew said, pleased with the membership outperformance. The overall segment is on track, and MA. We're right in line with expectations. So I don't know if there's anything Drew, you wanna add underneath that?
Drew Asher: No. No. Really pleased with the performance of Medicare stability. Obviously, we saw the uptick in outpatient in Q2 of 2023. And we've been planning accordingly for, let's say, outsized trend in that area for the last couple of years. So really consistent, good performance as we progress our way to breakeven in Medicare Advantage.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from George Hill at Deutsche Bank. Hey, Please go ahead.
George Hill: Yeah. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Drew, I want to another clarifying question. I think I know what you mean, but I want to double check. You said that you guys were seeing pharmacy pricing pressure as it related to PDP looking at the 26. I wanna make sure that you meant pharma pricing pressure versus pharmacy pricing pressure. And then I guess, should we think of the PDP target margins looking out to the 26 bid process as flat? And maybe could you talk about what initiatives you guys feel like you can take outside of the bid process to expand margins in that space?
Drew Asher: Certainly, one of the elements of earnings power that we laid out at Investor Day is to take that PDP margin from the 1% zone to 3% plus. And, you know, we'll seek to do that over the next few years. Too early to specify exactly what we think for 2026. And you're right. We're actually seeing pressure in, once again, non-low-income members utilization of specialty drugs that are now showing up in PDP some of which were previously in pharmacy assistant program. So not pharmacy, caused pressures, utilization of specialty drugs in largely in the asthma, eczema, and inflammatory areas.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Ryan Langston at TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Ryan Langston: Hi, thanks. Maybe just a bigger picture question. I know you mentioned you're seeing some progress on the Medicaid rate side, but how do we think about state's ability to actually fund the necessary improvements that the industry seems like it needs just given where state budgets are and obviously with the backdrop of these potential funding cuts. So I guess what are the conversations like with those with your states and, you know, where are they at on being both to fund those improvements? Thanks.
Sarah London: Yeah. Thanks for the question. So I think one of the things you're raising a good point. I think it's important to keep in mind that through the redeterminations process the states shed a significant number of members, which means they were coming into rerating with overall budget savings. And I think that that has helped the conversations in these early cycles. The other piece of it is obviously that, you know, the states legally need to have actuarially sound rates. So while there are always budget constraints that states think about, ultimately, sort of the math drives the day. The other thing I would say is that, you know, historically, when we've seen state budget pressure, it's actually been a tailwind relative to states starting to think about moving additional populations that may not be in a managed care model into managed care because of the predictability of the budget and the savings opportunities that are there. And we hear that time and time again if you think about the states that have recently moved to managed care. They can actually quantify significant savings that they have seen, and that then sort of catalyzes the conversation about some of those more complex specialty populations, which is obviously the group that we have circled relative to driving, you know, long-term growth for us as well as margin expansion in Medicaid. So we are, you know, very experienced at navigating these conversations. I think we have the benefit now of, you know, years of data relative to moving through the redeterminations process, a full year of data relative to the acuity shifts and I think, you know, can help states think about where to find savings if and as they feel budget pressure.
Operator: Thank you. And are there question comes from Michael Hall with Baird. Please go ahead.
Michael Hall: Hi. Thank you. Regarding the exchanges, So firstly, I'm having a little bit of trouble bridging to your expected $5 billion of additional revenue. If I take your roughly half a million more lives, $550 revenue PMPM, I'm still getting to only about three to four billion. I know you're still assuming the same in your attrition cadence. So I was wondering if you could help me bridge that gap in case I'm missing something. And then I understand you're assuming incremental exchange growth in one Q to be lower margins. It sounds like it could be conservatism, but wondering what exact margin level you're assuming on those lives. And lastly, very quickly, when you hear the most bearish concerns, about the magnitude of, you know, potentially millions of fraudulent lives and the exchanges and the risks that might pose to you next year. I'm just curious to hear your general thoughts, overall level of confidence that this most barricade scenario that's swirling around won't actually happen. Thank you.
Sarah London: Yeah. Thanks for the question. So let me start with the last piece of that and we can sort of work our way backwards. There's obviously been a lot of concern about the idea that there is sort of rampant broker fraud or ghost members in the population. I think it's important to note that the movement to drive additional program integrity, which was understandably loosened during the pandemic, started more than a year ago, and a lot of the program integrity measures that are being put in place are things that we've operated with in the past. Which means we have baseline and benchmark data around what some of these rates should be. We were a pioneer in terms of implementing the agent of record lock back in January of last year, we introduced that. We were the first to put it in place. And we're seeing the benefit of that. And we track very closely the levels of complaints come in from members or where there are broker issues throughout, you know, throughout the year and can understand whether we're seeing upticks in that and anything different than, you know, what we would expect. So I think we have accounted for things like the failure to reconcile in our full-year outlook. Again, the timing of that has shifted, but the team is pretty experienced at, you know, understanding the dynamics in the membership. Obviously, the new utilizers that we have where we're seeing utilization is frankly a good sign because it's hard for ghosts to utilize the system. And we feel like we have, you know, we have all the data we need to account for what how this will play out both through the remainder of this year and in 2026. I think you asked about sort of the level of margin for the new member cohort. Overall, we still expect to be in the 5 to 7.5% margin range for the marketplace. And as I said, we've encountered for a continuation of the level of utilization we're seeing in that new member base. In the full-year outlook, our renewal members are as expected. And then
Drew Asher: Yeah. And then on your first question, the ten so we put up $10.1 billion of commercial premium in Q1. And if you do the math on our guidance, it's $39 billion for the full year. So we are accounting for attrition throughout the rest of the year to end up in the high fours. So that sort of hangs together.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question and answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Sarah London for closing remarks.
Sarah London: Thanks, Rocco, and thanks everyone for your time this morning and for your interest. We look forward to continued updates as we move forward and we manage the business from a position of strength.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. We thank you all for attending today's presentation. May disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-04 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Centene Corporation Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After todays presentation there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note, today's event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jennifer Gilligan, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jennifer Gilligan: Thank you, Rocco, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on our fourth quarter 2024 earnings results conference call. Sarah London, Chief Executive Officer; and Drew Asher, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Centene will host this morning's call, which also can be accessed through our website at centene.com. Any remarks that Centene may make about future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for the purpose of the safe harbor provision under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by those forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in our fourth quarter 2024 press release, which is available on the company's website under the Investors section. Centene anticipates that subsequent events and developments may cause its estimates to change. While the company may elect to update the forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. The call will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of these measures with the mostly -- most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our fourth quarter 2024 press release. With that, I would like to turn the call over to our CEO, Sarah London. Sarah?
Sarah London: Thanks, Jen, and thanks everyone for joining us this morning. As an enterprise, Centene is stepping into 2025 with a clear strategy, compelling embedded earnings power, and positive momentum within each of our lines of business. We have delivered significant operational improvements and see exciting opportunity ahead as we continue to modernize our platform, automate our administrative processes through the deployment of AI, and leverage our unparalleled data to create insights that make our business better, improve the quality of healthcare for our members, and transform how the healthcare system serves millions of Americans. Today, we reported fourth quarter adjusted diluted EPS of $0.80 and full year 2024 adjusted diluted EPS of $7.17, strong results that demonstrate the durability of our earnings power and position the company to execute against our strategic goals in 2025. Driven by better-than-expected results during the Medicare annual enrollment period and a program expansion in Medicaid, we are lifting our full year 2025 revenue guidance by $4 billion. Our outlook for full year 2025 adjusted diluted EPS remains unchanged as greater than $7.25, and we are pleased with the trajectory we are on at this early stage in the year. To that end, let's talk about the opportunities in each of our business lines and how we are positioned for 2025. First, Medicaid. Today, we serve 13 million Americans across our Medicaid portfolio, offering critical access to vital medical services and support for some of this country's most vulnerable and complex populations. Post-COVID era eligibility redeterminations generated significant membership transition within the safety net program, but that chapter is now coming to a close. In 2025, we expect improved membership stability and a gradual return toward equilibrium with respect to rates and the risk profile of our members. We continue to have constructive dialog with our state partners, providing us with confidence in our ability to command rates that will support a return to target Medicaid margins. This is visible through a strong result for 1/1/25 effective rates, where we were able to achieve a mid-4% composite rate adjustment. We continue to expect a full year 2025 composite rate adjustment of 3% to 4%. While we have been focused on supporting our members and state partners through the redeterminations process, Centene's local Medicaid teams never stopped working to develop innovative care programs and solutions to promote access for our unique member base. For Centene, transforming the health of the communities we serve means bringing care to our members, ensuring it is local, integrated, and sustainable and working to influence positive health outcomes for our members as early as possible in the care journey, in some cases, before they are even born. To this end, in Nevada, we are actively working to address the challenges of rural healthcare access for expectant moms. Our SilverSummit team is distributing tablets to support increased prenatal and postpartum telehealth visits for mothers in rural counties. We have also sponsored telehealth training, with a particular focus on postpartum behavioral health support. Another great example of innovative programming comes from our Meridian team in Illinois, where we are taking a food is medicine approach to supporting members with uncontrolled high blood pressure. Members have access to a 12-week comprehensive program that includes nutrition counseling, along with four weeks of medically tailored meals, followed by four weeks of healthy food boxes, followed by four weeks of fresh produce vouchers. The goal is to build and sustain the changes in eating habits that will support long-term hypertension control. As we move through 2025, we are looking forward to turning the page on the redeterminations era, returning to overall Medicaid program stability and working closely with our state partners on innovations that deliver not only healthcare, but also better health within our communities. Turning to Medicare. We are pleased to be generating material progress within our Medicare business. The most recently released Stars results, published during fourth quarter 2024 and applicable to benefit plan year 2026, are an excellent window into our notable advancement. Within these results, 55% of our members are associated with 3.5 star plans or better, up from 23% last year. We continued to operate and execute with increased precision throughout 2024, driving year-over-year improvement in many of our core administrative measures. We also continued to make progress closing care gaps for our members with year-over-year performance improvement in our HEDIS rates, as well as medication adherence. And in a credit to our team's leadership and effort around continuous improvement, 1/1/25 go-live for Medicare was the smoothest I've ever seen at Centene. We expect these and other advancements in our processes and key metrics to support Stars results as we take on 2025. As you've heard from us before, we pruned our Medicare Advantage footprint coming into 2025 to better align with our Medicaid presence and capabilities, enhancing our ability to leverage Centene's size, scale, and expertise. With this refined footprint and refreshed products, we produced very good results relative to our expectations during the 2025 annual enrollment period. We now expect Medicare enrollment in the low-to-mid 900,000. Product design, successful management of our distribution channels, and local market knowledge contributed to the better-than-expected results. It is still early, but based on things we can know today, such as demographics and retention levels, we are pleased with the membership mix we are carrying into 2025, including a duals mix around 40%. Amid program changes related to the Inflation Reduction Act, Medicare Part D presented Centene with a nice growth opportunity in 2024 and the team executed well against that strategic plan. Part D or PDP is positioned to be a larger business for us once again in 2025, both by revenue and membership. During open enrollment, we went to market with a deliberate focus on value for our members, including premium affordability. This plan, complemented by the CMS demonstration program, yielded strong AEP results that are expected to generate 2025 revenue of approximately $16 billion, better than our previous expectations. Here too, we are early relative to observed experience, but as we look at factors such as member demographics and product selection, we remain confident in the financial objectives we set forth at December's Investor Day, including a 1% target margin for the PDP business in 2025. Finally, a brief comment on the Medicare Advantage advance rate notice released last month for the 2026 revenue year. While the information is not final, we are pleased to see the potential for a positive directional shift in funding for this important program, including the incorporation of a higher level of base rate medical cost trend. Final rates are expected in April, and we will continue to assess the various program changes anticipated for 2026 and the funding necessary to maintain compelling plans and create value for seniors as we build out our preliminary 2026 strategy. Within our Medicare segment's 2024 performance as a strong jump-off point, we are excited to build upon the operational progress we made last year, while taking important steps on our path towards breakeven in Medicare Advantage in 2027. Finally, marketplace. Across our footprint, our marketplace team has demonstrated consistently strong results through disciplined pricing, strong distribution relationships, as well as unmatched local knowledge of the marketplace population. Ambetter delivered an outstanding performance in 2024 and carried that momentum into their 12th open enrollment period, once again executing well on fundamentals and positioning our portfolio of products for another year of strength in 2025. According to CMS, enrollment across the ACA market grew roughly 13%. But given program integrity changes such as FTR or failure to report and the agent of record lock, our focus has been on effectuated membership. For Ambetter, January effectuated enrollment turned out to be a little stronger than what we had incorporated into our outlook for the business at our Investor Day in December, driven by strong member retention. Overall effection rates to date are directly in line with historical norms for Ambetter, which positions us for a peak marketplace membership during the first quarter, slightly above 5 million members. Looking down one level deeper, the demographic of our effectuated membership is similar to the member mix in 2024. Our book is expected to be roughly 51% female with an average age of 39.4, continuing a year-over-year trend of slightly younger membership. At the same time, our metal tier shifted slightly towards silver. While we have been near 70% silver over the last few years, in 2025, we expect to have nearly 75% of our membership in silver plans, consistent with earlier years of the program. As a reminder, our outlook continues to provide for an anticipated return to the pre-COVID era membership seasonality, with net attrition down to the mid-4 millions by year-end. Overall, we are pleased with the early indicators around our marketplace business and believe that we positioned ourselves well in 2024 by being the first carrier to introduce an agent of record lock. Our view through January suggests a more muted impact to membership from the program integrity changes than originally anticipated, but we believe some may require a longer tail to play out and that it will be a few months until effectuated enrollment results are fully understood. As you would expect, we will continue to closely monitor effectuation rates, voluntary member terminations and other trends within our book as we move through the first quarter. As we think about future trends in the individual market, I did want to call out the strong results we saw during open enrollment in our Georgia markets. We were pleased to be able to support Commissioner King and the State of Georgia as they made their transition to being a state based exchange, and we are excited to see how Georgia Access provides a model for advancing the growth of the individual market, both on and off-exchange, which includes access to ICHRA. As we shared in December, we continue to view ICHRA as the future of health insurance for working Americans and is an important part of Centene's future earnings power. In January, we announced the addition of Alan Silver to our leadership team. Alan is now President of Ambetter Health Solutions, which focuses on ICHRA or Individual Coverage Health Reimbursement Arrangements. Alan previously led retiree medical and ICHRA initiatives at Willis Towers Watson, and we are thrilled that he has joined our team. As we turn the page to a new year, it is important to acknowledge the incredible amount of hard work and tenacity from the [Cen Team] (ph) that enabled Centene to deliver on our financial commitments in 2024. Countless obstacles and macro-level challenges faced by our team and our industry at large required focus and execution by colleagues from across our organization. As a result of staying tightly aligned to our strategic goals and our mission, we are now well-positioned to capitalize on the important opportunities that we see ahead of us in 2025 and beyond. In 2025, we expect to collaborate with our state partners to achieve better alignment for Medicaid rates and member acuity. Our Medicare Advantage business, following successful execution during AEP, will focus on key operational initiatives to drive us forward on our journey to breakeven in 2027. And as the category leader, our marketplace team will once again offer access to high quality and affordable healthcare this year to approximately 5 million Americans. There is significant earnings power embedded in this business. With between $3 and $4 of adjusted EPS opportunity to unlock over time, we are eager to achieve our next set of enterprise milestones, deliver on our commitments to our members, and generate shareholder value in 2025 and beyond. With that, I'll turn it over to Drew.
Andrew Asher: Thank you, Sarah. Today, we reported fourth quarter 2024 results, including $36.3 billion in premium and service revenue and adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.80 in the quarter. For the full year, we reported $7.17 of adjusted EPS, well ahead of our previous guidance. In addition to ending the year strong, our results include a $0.29 net benefit for a marketplace cost sharing reduction or CSR settlement related to prior years. Our Q4 consolidated HBR was 89.6%, while our full year consolidated HBR was 88.3%, consistent with our previous guidance range. Our Q4 Medicaid HBR was 93.4%, up 30 basis points from Q3. We were expecting a couple of late year 2024 retro adjustments that did not come in by year-end. Medicaid trend story is similar to our last discussion. Stable trends overall now that we are essentially through redeterminations other than behavioral health and some pockets of home health costs, consistent with past commentary. Our full year 2024 Medicaid HBR at 92.5%, temporarily high, driven by redeterminations, presents us meaningful earnings power over the next couple of years as we turn the page on 2024 and better match rates and acuity going forward. Case in point, we are yielding around the mid-4s in net rate increases for the 1/1/25 cohort, which now represents about 40% of our annual Medicaid premium. The Medicaid membership settled out right in that 12.9 million to 13 million zone we had targeted and our 2025 guidance is predicated on staying in this membership zone throughout 2025. Medicare segment performance was strong in Q4, including a very good overall 2024 performance in PDP, as a few of you were concerned with the Inflation Reduction Act at the beginning of 2024. The Q4 PDR related costs in Medicare Advantage were consistent with what we last told you. Commercial segment results were strong in Q4 due to the CSR settlement, otherwise, they were right on track. Overall, exiting 2024 in a position of strength should bode well as we enter 2025, and continued Medicaid rate action, as well as execution on initiatives designed to improve quality and the affordability of healthcare, should enable us to achieve our 2025 Medicaid goals. Moving to other P&L and balance sheet items, our adjusted SG&A expense ratio was 8.9% in the fourth quarter, compared to 9.7% last year, a continued blend of business mix and discipline. Cash flow provided by operations was only $154 million for the full year, driven by the timing of pharmacy rebate collections, the reduction in risk adjustment payables, and the buildup of state premium payments receivable. As these items normalize in future periods, it sets us up for stronger operating cash flow in 2025. Our unregulated and unrestricted cash on hand at quarter-end was $248 million. During the fourth quarter, we repurchased 14.4 million shares of our common stock for $930 million. For the full year 2024, we repurchased 42 million shares for $3 billion. We have taken out over 100 million shares in the past few years. At the same time, our debt-to-adjusted EBITDA was only 2.9 times at year-end. Our medical claims liability totaled $18.3 billion at year-end and represents 53 days in claims payable, compared to 51 in Q3 of 2024 and 54 in Q4 of 2023. One DCP note looking ahead, given the meaningful growth in PDP in 2025, largely driven by the Inflation Reduction Act and the fact that pharmacy claims complete very quickly compared to medical claims, this should lower our consolidated DCP by a few days in 2025. While 2024 was certainly a challenging year, we still grew adjusted EPS over 7%, powered through redeterminations, made some great progress in Medicare Stars, and seized meaningful growth opportunities in marketplace and PDP. Let's turn the page and look ahead. As you heard from Sarah, our marketplace open enrollment period reflects very good execution by our team and keeps us on track for our 2025 forecast elements covered at Investor Day. We expect to peak right above 5 million marketplace members during Q1 and then a trip the remainder of the year back to mid-4s, consistent with pre-COVID enrollment patterns, where Q1 was typically the annual peak of membership. And we need to see the pattern of membership throughout Q1 2025 before we touch commercial revenue guidance of $34 billion. In our Medicare business, 2025 volume has started out stronger than expected, driven by the annual enrollment period results, notably driven by stronger retention. And our PDP business was over 7.5 million members as we entered 2025. Accordingly, we expect the Medicare segment to be about $2.5 billion higher in premium revenue in 2025 than what we discussed at Investor Day in December. In addition to that $2.5 billion, there is another expected $1.5 billion in Medicaid revenue from a program change, adding behavioral health coverage in one of our state contracts. So, we are increasing our consolidated 2025 premium and service revenue guidance range by $4 billion to a range of $158 billion to $160 billion of premium and service revenue. This is good news as you think about the long-term earnings power of Centene. At this very early point in the year, we are reiterating our 2025 adjusted diluted EPS guidance floor of greater than $7 in -- $7.25. Quick comment on 2026 Medicare rates. The preliminary percentage rate change for us is in the low-to-mid 3s, including the positive impact of Stars from the work we did in 2023 and 2024. It's great to have 2024 behind us and have earnings power consistent with our Investor Day discussion in front of us. As importantly, we are really excited about the number of initiatives in flight and in our sights designed to make healthcare simpler, more accessible, and more affordable, just like we've been able to help shape in marketplace, which has been a great solution for over 23 million Americans. We are proud and honored to serve members, states, and the federal government in Medicaid, Medicare, and marketplace programs into 2025 and beyond. Thank you for your interest in Centene. Rocco, let's open up the line for questions.
Operator: Absolutely. [Operator Instructions] Today's first question comes from Josh Raskin with Nephron Research. Please go ahead.
Josh Raskin: Hi, thanks. Good morning. I heard the 13% on the exchanges, but maybe you could speak to your expectations around total exchange market growth when all is said and done in 2025 and maybe a little bit more color on what you're seeing around that subsidy verification process? And then maybe even just walk us through the mechanics of how that works at the member level and when you think you'll know your fully effectuated membership totals.
Sarah London: Yes, absolutely. Thanks, Josh, for the question. So CMS put out 13 million -- sorry, 13% as the sort of January-to-January enrollment growth. As we've talked about before, our view was that effectuated membership was going to be sort of the important number to track, partly because of the payment -- the program integrity changes that were being put in place. And we referenced what we were seeing at December Investor Day in terms of slower throughput relative to over-enrollment because of the agent of record lock. That we saw improve as we moved through OE, but we still think there's probably a little bit of backlog that is being worked through there. And then again, the FTR -- failure to report process, I think we had anticipated a little bit more impact in the OE period. That appears to be more muted, but that's where we also think there is potentially a longer tail for that to play out. And so, to your point, sort of the step through that -- stepping through that as an illustrative process, what happens there is a notification to the member of the need to file taxes and sort of a notification sent to the members relative to the impact that would have on enhanced APTCs. Consumers have the opportunities to attest to having filed taxes and then there's a process of multiple checkpoints as we move through February and March and ultimately into the April window. And so, that's part of why we think there may be additional impact that we see in Q2. And so, we're continuing to hold our view relative to impact on effectuated enrollment, but we're going to need to see how that plays out. So, a little bit stronger in terms of our effectuation in January, which means we're starting from a good place, which is great, but we want to see a couple more months play out until we know where that's going to settle.
Josh Raskin: And I think you said the effectuation levels are similar to what you've seen in the past. So, what is that delta? If there's 13% total growth, what do you think that translates into effectuated or should we say, well, if effectuation is the same percentage, then 13% market growth is 13% effectuated growth?
Sarah London: There's usually a delta between enrollment and effectuation. And again, our -- what we're seeing from an effectuation standpoint is, as you said, directly in line with historical norms. So our -- the growth that we saw was a little bit stronger than the 13% and the effectuation, then that retention from our book is putting our membership at slightly above 5 million. But again, I think we need to see how the program integrity impacts play out in Q2 to know what the net market growth post effectuations will look like.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Justin Lake at Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Justin Lake: Thanks. Good morning. Just a couple of quick numbers questions. First, looks like the PYD in the quarter was north of 400 million, up about 300 million year-over-year. Can you tell us what drove that? And Drew, I know it doesn't all hit the bottom line. So, maybe you could tell us the net benefit there. And then just quickly on the Medicaid retros that didn't hit in the fourth quarter, anything you could share on the size there? And is it just a timing issue where they'll hit in Q1 or did they just not happen at all? Thanks.
Sarah London: Yes, why don't I hit the retros and then if you want to talk about PYD? So, as you heard from Drew, we had rate action expected late in the quarter that didn't come through. We're not counting on that in 2025. To the -- so to the extent that any of that does materialize, it would be a benefit to 2025. We did see positive movement in the 1/1 rates. And in some cases, those are sort of linked. And so, that's where you saw the mid-4 composite rate for 1/1. So, very consistent with the theme that we've seen throughout this process, which is, I think we've made great progress in terms of being able to influence states with data and get to the right level of rates. We just aren't always perfect in predicting the timing.
Andrew Asher: Justin, you're right. With the prior-year development, if you look on the last page of the press release, we had about a little over $2.4 billion for the full year, including strength in Q4. That includes the CSR. That's a medical expense item of over a couple of hundred millions. So that leaned into probably that differential you're referring to in Q4.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Stephen Baxter, Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Stephen Baxter: Hi, thanks. Just wanted to ask about the Medicaid rate assumptions. I mean, based on the rates that you're getting for 1/1, it seems like the rest of the year placeholder is something probably in the zone of 2%, 2.5%. And logically, it seems like every rate update you get going forward should be better informed, both from a cost and acuity perspective. Is there anything structurally different about the dislocation in the rest of the book that suggests that a lower rate update would really be kind of the sensible base case at this point, or how should we think about the conservatism potentially of the assumptions you're making in Medicaid rates for the second half of the year? Thank you.
Sarah London: Yes. I mean, again, we continue to expect the full year 2025 composite rate between 3% and 4%, obviously, a little bit stronger in that 1/1 cohort. I think you're right that we are coming into all of these conversations with more robust data just as time has rolled forward and being able to really see the run-out and move forward sort of the prior period from an actuarial standpoint. So I think that is part of why we saw some of the strength in the 1/1/25 rate. Again, really constructive conversations with the state partners and really databased in how we're looking at everything. So I don't think there's anything structurally different. I will point out that as we've gone through the back half of 2024, the degree to which states are open to things like retros, midyear adjustments, and just understanding that we need to get to a place where the programs are funded sufficiently in order to make sure that we are supporting members the way that they want to, I think, is probably different than we've seen in the past. And so, again, I think that makes us feel good about how we're positioned moving into 2025. But as you heard, it is a question of getting the timing to line up and that's why we think that we'll make progress in 2025 toward that equilibrium in terms of long-term margin. But it may play out through the course of the year.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from AJ Rice at UBS. Please go ahead.
A.J. Rice: Hi, everybody. Maybe just ask about two things. One, on the Medicaid side, when you look at the underlying utilization trend trying to normalize, which I know is probably hard for redetermination impact, are you seeing it return to sort of your normal low-single digit cost trend or is it still somewhat elevated on just an apples-to-apples year-over-year basis? And then on the Medicare, medical loss ratio ended up being better than expected. And I know there's reference to an adjustment to the premium deficiency reserve. I'm just trying to understand, what are you seeing there on the cost trend versus the adjustment that you made relative to the premium deficiency reserve?
Sarah London: Yes. On Medicaid, I think as you heard from Drew, no new trends to report and we continue to look at that cohort of continuous members to evaluate how sort of apples-to-apples trend is evolving. Nothing alarming there. So it's really same story that we've been sharing over the last couple of quarters. Also felt good about the run rate medical expense that evolved in Q4 and exiting the quarter better than we started. So, nothing has really shifted there. And then from a Medicare standpoint, do you want to talk about Q4 and full year?
Andrew Asher: Yes, Medicare finished strong. The performance -- the outperformance in the quarter was largely driven by PDP. So we finished PDP very strong, which is good to see in sort of the first major year of the IRA changes in 2024, sort of getting the bids and the execution and the cost structure right. So that gives us some confidence as we enter 2025 with further changes in the IRA, as reflected in the guidance we laid out at Investor Day.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Adam Ron with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Adam Ron: Hey, thanks for the question. You guys didn't really touch on seasonality for 2025, at least not on this call. So I'm curious, in terms of Medicaid MLR, if you still expect sequential Medicaid MLR declines in every quarter throughout the year? And if there's any indication you can give us of like where you think Q1 will end and what the slope of that curve looks like, it'd be very helpful. Thanks.
Andrew Asher: Yes, that's a good question. As we think about -- so think about our three segments. Commercial, consistent with the past, you expect the HBR to start low and tick up throughout the year as members satisfy deductibles and so on. But in Medicare, pretty big difference. Instead of sloping down through the year, it should start out lower in the Medicare segment and slope up through the year. And that's really driven by what's now about half of our Medicare segment revenue coming from PDP and the IRA changes. So that's something to watch out for as we go through the year, once again, a sloping upward Medicare HBR. And then Medicaid, as we said at Investor Day, back half should be better than the front half in terms of HBR. The front half HBR of 2025, certainly expect that to be better than the back half of 2024 HBR. So you put all those things together and what we said at Investor Day was about 60-40 in terms of earnings per share first half versus second half. Probably should be better than 60% or greater than 60% in the first half of the year relative to the back half.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Sarah James at Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go ahead.
Sarah James: Thank you. I'm hoping you can help us bridge the old to the new guidance a little bit. So you've got $4 billion more in revenue, EPS stayed the same. Is there any other moving pieces or is it just conservatism? And then, specifically to how you're thinking about now for exchanges and Part D, would those margins be flat, up, or down year-over-year? Thanks.
Sarah London: Yes. So I would say, we're -- we haven't yet closed January. So it's a little bit early and I think we've pointed to some solid early results, but wanting to see how those play out in terms of membership and experience. And then in terms of PDP margin, we said we're still targeting that 1% for the PDP book. And relative to marketplace, we've said and continue -- hold that we would be well into the 5% to 7.5% range for marketplace, and that includes what we've seen so far.
Andrew Asher: You're right to point out the $4 billion. That's earnings power for the future. It's just real early to sort of pinpoint exactly how much of that will show up in 2025. But we're really excited as we create additional revenue sources that bodes well for long-term earnings power for the company.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Scott Fidel with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Scott Fidel: Hi, thanks. Good morning. I was hoping just given some of the moving pieces that we saw in 2024 on operating cash flow, whether you'd be comfortable maybe just giving us a bit more of a sort of fine-tuning on your expectations for operating cash flow in 2025? And then just related to that, maybe sort of your updated thinking around what's embedded at this point for buybacks in terms of full year buybacks and then any sort of pacing around that? Just curious on whether you know sort of 2024 operating cash flows influenced the trajectory of that. But at the same time, you ended the year at a pretty solid spot in terms of unregulated cash at the parent. Thanks.
Andrew Asher: Good questions. And I'm sure you understand this and those that understand the HMO industry understand that there's a difference between the cash flow operations on the cash flow statement, which is really the activity of receivables and payables down embedded in the statutory entities. But when that rolls up, if you look at the last actually three to five years, we've averaged 1.3 times to 1.4 times adjusted net income. So that's -- if you sift through any given year of satisfying risk adjustment payables or building up pharmacy rebate receivables and look at an extended time period, that's a pretty good indicator of a multi-year view. Underneath that, what really matters, as you point out appropriately, is the cash you're able to dividend up to the parent from the subs. And we've got no change in view compared to what we rolled out at Investor Day, where we expect about $2 billion of share repurchase that's embedded in our guidance for 2025. So the fact that we had, let's say, weak cash flow from operations on the cash flow statement in 2024 because of those shifts in receivables and payables, that had no bearing on our ability to go buy back $3 billion of shares -- or $3 billion worth of shares in 2024. But it's something to track and we'll keep you updated as we move through 2025 on sort of having some of those payables and receivables turn in the underlying cash flow from operations.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Andrew Mok at Barclays. Please go ahead.
Andrew Mok: Hi, good morning. Quick clarification, then a question. I think you mentioned that ACA effectuated enrollment turned out to be a little stronger than you expected, but I didn't hear how much better it came in. So, can you clarify that point first? And then secondly, I wanted to revisit your assumption that ACA membership could be down 20% to 30% if enhanced APTCs expire. Are buydowns contemplated within that assumption? And can you walk us through the impact that buydowns would have and how your products are positioned relative to the market if there is a shopping event next year? Thanks.
Sarah London: Sure. So, let me sort of take a step back, because there -- this was a sort of a unique open enrollment period because of the program integrity checkpoints that were added to the process. And so, when we think about what was expected versus what we saw, you also have to think about the degree to which our assumptions in terms of the impact of those programs came into play during the various time periods. So, when we talked in December about our expectations, it was overall market enrollment growth then muted by the agent of record lock and failure to report, periodic data matching, things like that. What we're seeing in January is a more muted impact of those program integrity checkpoints. And so, the effectuation rates, which are in line with historic norms for us, are slightly higher than what we had been expecting. That's leading to the 5 million -- slightly above 5 million peak that we're expecting. But as we look through the rest of Q1 and into Q2, and particular -- particularly on the FTR process, which is going to hinge on that tax filing date and then post-tax filing reconciliation, we still think that there is potential membership impact that will play out in Q1 and Q2. So we're tracking ahead of what we expected. That may end up being a benefit full year, that may end up just being a delay in terms of the impact of those programs. And that's why we want to wait and see kind of how the next couple of months play out. And obviously, we'll make sure to keep you all posted on what we see as those shifts -- as those programs kind of shake out and settle as we get to midyear. And then relative to overall impact of enhanced APTCs, we talked about in December the idea that without sort of major mitigation efforts, if enhanced APTCs were to go away or not be renewed in their entirety, that could be somewhere between a 20% and 30% membership hit to our book. The reality is that the iterations, anything less than of a full drop-off of the enhanced APTCs are numerous. And so, whether there's a cap at 400% FPL or 350% or -- we think about different mechanisms to create more kind of investment of membership and participation in the program. There are lots of different alternatives that have been discussed and explored, and we run scenarios across all of those and think about what the buydown implication might be, what product design will matter, what the different price sensitivities are of our members along the FPL continuum. So, you can be sure that our team has been spending many hours running those over, frankly, the last year and looking forward to getting more clarity as we move over the next couple of months about how to prepare for the next OE cycle, including potentially filing two sets of bids. So, lots more to play out there. And again, that's one we'll continue to keep you posted as we start to understand kind of what the trajectory will be there.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Lance Wilkes with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Lance Wilkes: Great. Thanks. Can you talk a little bit about pipeline and appeals process in the Medicaid space, and in addition to that, talking a little bit about what your strategic priorities are for investments, capability enhancements, and M&A as it relates to either Medicaid or other areas like M&A, vertical integration, et cetera? Thanks.
Sarah London: Yes, absolutely. So, as you all well know, it's been a very busy last couple of years in terms of the RFP pipeline and really working through a backlog that came through post COVID. 2025 will be return to a more normal pre-COVID cadence. So, we have a handful of states and programs that are going through normal course reprocurements and then our team is, obviously, always evaluating net new opportunities and sort of positioning for growth. Relative to our protests, we have -- the Texas issue will continue to make its way through the legislature and the courts through the remainder of 2025. I think, as you know, the potential impact to 2025 of that was minor to begin with, but we think that will kind of play out here and we'll get more clarity through the rest of the year. And then we are still in process on the Georgia protests, and I think given the complexity of that process, we expect it will be a number of months before we hear any feedback. So, more to come on that front. And then relative to investments, I think we're -- as we've said over the last year to year and a half, as we've gotten more oxygen relative to operating bandwidth as we move through sort of the core of the value creation plan, we started to turn our attention to surveillance relative to inorganic growth and M&A, and that continues to be something that we're watching. Also, evaluating where there are interesting opportunities for investment in capabilities for our business lines. I would say, ICHRA is a place that we are very interested in and thinking about what the market may need relative to overall infrastructure to mature and how we could support that through various partnerships and investments. So I think those are sort of the major areas of focus. And of course, always looking at the relative use of capital and thinking about sort of the value it can create, including the value of Centene at these prices.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question today comes from Michael Ha with Baird. Please go ahead.
Michael Ha: Hi, thank you. Just another one on your exchange growth for this year. It's great to hear that effectuation rate was consistent with your historical norms. I know you mentioned it'll still take a few months until the full changes are well understood. But based on all the visibility you have sitting here today in February, I'm curious how much of a potential difference you think there could be now versus the next few months as you hit those checkpoints? What is the likelihood basically of a materially negative surprise in April that could compromise your exchange margin targets for the year?
Sarah London: So I think the question of timing of impact is a good one, and that's part of why we said we want to see how the rest of Q1 and part of Q2 play out, again, particularly relative to the FTR process and the fact that is anchored in the April filing dates. So I -- the message that we're trying to kind of make sure you all hear is that we built in assumptions around the impact of those programs and we are carrying those assumptions into the next couple of months to let that play out so that, ideally, there are no major negative surprises relative to what that impact might be. So I think we're being prudent in terms of how that tail may extend into Q1 and Q2, but baked into that are all the original assumptions of what the impact would be. And what we've seen thus far is more muted than that.
Andrew Asher: One thing to add to that, the FTR implications, so let's say someone doesn't file a tax return and they lose their enhanced APTC in May, that's a prospective adjustment as opposed to what we got after in February of 2024, which was the broker -- the record lock for broker of record. So, yes, it's something to think through as we get through the next quarter or so with the FTR, but certainly pleased on how we started the year strong, and it's good to enter February and then March in a position of strength.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from George Hill, Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
George Hill: Yes, good morning, guys, and thanks for taking the question. And Sarah, this is just kind of a point of clarification. On the effectuation rate, I thought that you had said there could be some upside in Q1 if the FTR hits later in the year and get back towards the normal guidance range. Is that correct? Or I guess, what I'm trying to worry about is, will this create any downside to the exchange membership outlook or guidance?
Andrew Asher: Yes, what we said in my script when I said, it's just too early to touch the $34 billion of commercial revenue. That's basically saying -- indicating that we're enthusiastic about our start, but we really want to look at the sloping of the next few months of membership before we consider any potential raise in that revenue. So we're sticking with the $34 billion for now. It's early and we'll see how really the next three or four months of membership play out. But once again, starting from a position of strength is a good position to be in.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from David Windley at Jefferies. Please go ahead. Hello, Mr. Windley. Is your line muted, perhaps?
David Windley: It happens to be. Yes, it is. Thank you. Thanks for taking my questions. I wondered on the exchange market, if you have, Drew, done a zero utilizers analysis in your plans, maybe particularly in some of the red states or FF -- federally facilitated marketplace states, to see where potential pockets of, I'll call, abuse of enrollment -- over-enrollment program integrity issues might be.
Andrew Asher: We did pricing for 2025. We thought about -- first of all, we got a lot of the broker, let's say, disruption out of the way, beginning in February of 2024. And then, as you know, CMS ultimately adopted our idea, which is great and puts everyone on the same playing field coming into the open enrollment period for 2025. So, actually, incurred some of that membership attrition pressure into 2024. So that's behind us. As we thought about pricing for 2025, we did think about the mix of business around failure to report and put a -- quite frankly, put a pricing load in for that program integrity measures. So, we'll see how that plays out. But once again, feel good about what we're seeing so far, even though it's very early. And as Sarah said, we haven't closed January yet. It's only day two of the month of February. So I like the way we're starting, but there's more of the year to play out.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from John Stansel with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
John Stansel: Great. Thank you for taking my question. Just one quick one on PDP. Just can you give a bit more color on what played out during AEP kind of driving the above-expectations enrollment growth? And then just thinking longer term, how you see kind of the demo component within standalone PDP kind of contributing over the next couple of years? Thank you.
Andrew Asher: Yes. No, good question. We ended the year at 6.9 million members, and as we said earlier, we're over 7.5. So I think it's once again the positioning of our product. I mean, this is a business we focus on, not everybody does. I mean, it's good to have both the Medicare Advantage and MAPD business, as well as a PDP business. There's some complementary and overlap nature to those. So I think the attractiveness of our products, which is driven by our underlying cost structure, which I think is excellent and that's reflected in the value that we can pass on to members and consumers. With respect to the demo, you had to elect into a multi-year demo. But obviously, CMS can modify the premium support each year. But once again, when you have a product that's driven by what we believe is an outstanding cost structure, then we should be able to sort of sustain that business regardless of what level of premium support makes its way into the demo over the next couple of years.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question today comes from Ryan Langston with TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Christian Borgmeyer: Hi, good morning. This is Christian Borgmeyer on for Ryan Langston. Could you quantify where PDP margins ultimately landed in 2024? It would be helpful as we think about the year-to-year progression into PDP margin guidance for 2025 and bridging for the IRA dynamics. Thanks.
Andrew Asher: Well, certainly higher than the 1% or so that we had indicated coming into Q4, and that's the strength in the full year performance captured in the reported period of Q4. So, like how that bodes well for 2025, but you have to think about also, each year from a bid standpoint stands on its own and there's almost a reset in terms of the assumptions that you use and then pricing for the changes in the IRA. So, certainly, I like the way we ended. You can't just map that exactly into 2025, but that should bode well as we think about execution and performance in 2025 and what's now a $16 billion business for us.
Operator: Thank you. And this concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Sarah London for closing remarks.
Sarah London: Thanks, Rocco, and thanks, everyone, for time and interest this morning. While it is early, we feel good about the progress that we've made in Medicaid matching rates and acuity and how we're positioned coming into 2025. We feel good about our marketplace execution once again in open enrollment and feel good about our Medicare segment overall. And so, really looking forward to executing in 2025 and continuing to keep this group updated on our progress as we move through the first quarter.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. We thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-25 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Centene Corporation Third Quarter Results Conference Call. All participants will be in listen only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note, today's event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jennifer Gilligan, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Jennifer Gilligan: Thank you, Rocco, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on our third quarter 2024 earnings results conference call. Sarah London, Chief Executive Officer; and Drew Asher, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Centene, will host this morning's call, which also can be accessed through our website at centene.com. Ken Fasola, Centene's President, will also be available as a participant during Q&A. Any remarks that Centene may make about future expectations, plans, and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for the purpose of the Safe Harbor provision under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by those forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in our third quarter 2024 press release, which is available on the company's website under the Investors section. Centene anticipates that subsequent events and developments may cause its estimates to change. While the company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. The call will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of these measures with the most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our third quarter 2024 press release. Please mark your calendars for our upcoming Investor Day being held on December the 12th in New York City. With that, I would like to turn the call over to our CEO, Sarah London. Sarah?
Sarah London: Thank you, Jen, and thanks, everyone, for joining us as we review our third quarter 2024 financial results. Given the recent market volatility impacting managed care, let's start with the bottom line up front. The overall outlook for our business remains consistent with our updates in the quarter. We remain confident in our full year 2024 adjusted diluted EPS guidance of greater than $6.80 and our view of headwinds and tailwinds as we look to 2025 are largely unchanged from what we have previously shared. We still believe that we will grow adjusted EPS next year, and we still believe that we have a unique and powerful platform from which to drive long-term EPS growth of 12% to 15% in a normalized environment. Specific to the quarter, we are reporting third quarter adjusted diluted EPS of $1.62, a stronger result than our most recent expectation for the period with the upside driven in part by anticipated tax items shifting forward into the third quarter. Within our core business lines, Medicare and Marketplace performance was consistent with expectations in the quarter, and Medicaid performance ended up a little better than our mid-quarter commentary, aided by movement in rates we saw as a result of refreshed data and effective advocacy. In general, we are encouraged by progress we saw throughout the quarter relative to our ongoing dialogue with state partners to align Medicaid rates with the acuity of our post-redeterminations book of business. We have spent the better part of 2024 offering a significant level of transparency into our business during a year of unprecedented change. We are pleased that this transparency positions us today with a stable outlook for 2024. With that, let's get into the details, starting with Medicaid. As you know, our largest business has undergone significant transformation over the last 18 months as a result of the nationwide return of eligibility determinations. Since the start of this process, millions of Americans have been transitioned out of managed Medicaid across the country, materially shifting the Medicaid risk pool in a way that requires action by our state partners to right-size program rates to reflect the post-redeterminations member base. During the third quarter, our state partners continued to work through the tail of their respective redeterminations processes. And as we sit here today, the vast majority of the 30 states in which we operate are now through their respective backlogs. We closed the period with roughly 13 million members and are seeing evidence of membership leveling as we move into the fourth quarter. Since this process began, you have heard a consistent message from us in terms of our boots on the ground support for our members and, equally, our proactive data-driven dialogue with our state partners to ensure rate discussions throughout this period are fully informed and benefit from the most current data. As we sit here today, all of our states have acknowledged the need to match rates with acuity and all of our states have now taken action with respect to acuity adjustments in some form. While there is still work to do with respect to the sufficiency of rate adjustments, our conversations continue to be productive when we are encouraged by the engagement and the incremental movement we saw as the quarter unfolded. We now expect our back half composite adjustment rate to be in the 4.5% to 5% range. As state-by-state experience matures, we are still seeing just over 30% of members who were initially dropped from Medicaid eligibility ultimately return to us. Less than half these rejoiners are reinstated with retroactive coverage. The majority experience a coverage gap, which means we experience a corresponding premium gap. As we have discussed previously, this creates temporary pressure on the Medicaid MLR. However, a close look at the rejoiner trend suggests it is starting to slow. This incremental lessening of pressure as we move through Q4 and evidence of a return to a more normal churn rate across the Medicaid book offers a natural tailwind as we move into 2025. We continue to track the data closely and provide regular and detailed updates to our state counterparts. We believe the solid foundation of data-driven advocacy we have built over the last six quarters has served us well and will continue to do so as we advocate for appropriate 2025 rates and mid-cycle acuity adjustments. Overall, the movement we have seen in rates over the course of 2024 reinforces our view that what we are experiencing is a temporary dynamic and that state Medicaid programs will ultimately return to actuarially sound rates that match acuity. While redeterminations have captured much of the attention over the last few quarters, it should not go unnoticed that Centene has been equally busy delivering strong RFP results and positioning our Medicaid business for long-term growth. In August, the team at Pennsylvania Health and Wellness repercured our long-term support services business in that state, reinforcing the strength of this organization and serving low-income members with complex support needs. In September, we successfully reprocured our statewide presence in Iowa in a highly competitive process, and then earlier this month, Centine's Meridian Health Plan in Michigan won yet another 2024 RFP, this time providing integrated Medicare and Medicaid services for dually eligible members as Michigan transitions their statewide program to a [Heidi SNP] (ph). In short, we are making progress against rate and acuity alignment, and our best-in-class business development team continues to effectively articulate our value proposition. Throughout it all, our teams have worked tirelessly to advance our Medicaid quality results, deliver operational and compliance improvements, and innovate through local partnerships as we serve the most underserved communities across the country. And so, while the redeterminations process has been challenging, it has nonetheless mobilized us toward an operating discipline that is creating a stronger, healthier platform from which to grow. Turning to the rest of the business, our Medicare segment continued to perform in line with expectations during the quarter. As we look ahead, Medicare Advantage remains a strategically important pillar of our platform and represents significant opportunity for margin expansion as we continue to improve Stars, reduce SG&A, and advance our clinical programs. To this end, our 2025 star ratings, released earlier this month, which with financial implication for 2026, represent a meaningful step forward on the journey to margin recovery. These results demonstrate our ability to effectively identify areas of potential improvement and methodically execute on delivering those enhancements. During this cycle, we elevated our performance with 46% of members and plans at or above 3.5 stars versus 23% from the prior year, despite higher-than-industry-anticipated cut-point changes. Our Stars results represent strong overall improvement in our core operations and continued focus on quality for our members. Consistent with what we previewed on the Q2 call, we used 2025 bids as an opportunity to further focus our franchise on lower-income seniors and tighten the alignment between our Medicare Advantage business and our Medicaid footprint. We exited six states, while strengthening our offerings in key counties and regions within our existing footprint. As a planned byproduct of this work, we were able to streamline our contract portfolio, creating more balanced membership across our contracts and enabling greater focus and impact in our program investments going forward. These adjustments position us for a preliminary view of 2025 Medicare Advantage revenue in the range of $14 billion to $16 billion. As we have shared previously, this implies down membership year-over-year, but represents progress on our path to breakeven in this business. Within our Medicare portfolio, our Part D business will generate a more sizable revenue contribution in 2025, owing in part to significant changes adopted as a result of the Inflation Reduction Act. Though it is early, we are pleased with our preliminary view of product positioning, and we expect Part D revenue to grow significantly next year with potential for membership growth as well. In light of recent policy changes that make Centene's industry-leading Medicaid footprint a competitive advantage as we look to serve more dual-eligible Medicare members, we remain focused on the compelling opportunity our Medicare platform provides for both margin expansion and growth long term as we turn around and stabilize this business. Finally, our marketplace business continues to perform well in 2024. Our results in the quarter were in line with our most recent expectations as we capitalize on more than a decade of experience to effectively serve now 4.5 million members. Looking to 2025, we believe our Marketplace products are well positioned relative to our strategy. Open enrollment will not begin for another week, but our early expectation is that, we will be able to achieve pre-tax margins well within our targeted range of 5% to 7.5%. Centene demonstrated our thought leadership in Marketplace earlier this year by implementing an agent of record lock policy, which was subsequently implemented market-wide by CMS in July. In addition, CMS has introduced program integrity processes in line with both Centene advocacy and pre-pandemic era policy that will further improve controls on exchange enrollment during this open enrollment cycle. These types of policies improve the member experience as well as the quality of our book, but we do expect they will create a moderating effect on overall market growth in 2025. As a result, our membership growth expectation for this year's Marketplace open enrollment remains modest. Continued migration of commercial small group enrollment into the exchanges, expanding access and affordability initiatives, as well as the program integrity enhancements, net out to a view of mid-single-digit macro market growth in 2025. Ultimately, we are pleased with the performance of our marketplace business and believe this market, that now serves a strong bipartisan base of more than 20 million Americans, can be a powerful platform to expand affordable health care coverage and access for individuals across the country. As we close out year three of our value creation plan, we're pleased with the progress we have made, but even more pleased with the second order opportunities we see ahead as we continue to drive operational improvements and mine efficiencies in our business model. This quarter, we advanced work on a project some of you have heard me speak about, namely the use of AI to automate and optimize our management of provider contracts. By deploying AI within our provider operations, we can reduce the amount of manual labor associated with the installation of new contracts, as well as the significant maintenance required for the tens of thousands of existing provider agreements within our portfolio. Additionally, AI will allow us to produce considerably stronger analytics on provider performance, an important lever for advancing initiatives such as value-based care across our business. The team's diversified portfolio continues to allow us to navigate unprecedented landscape challenges and build for the future. Our quality team kept the gains from last year's Medicare Advantage Star scores and built on them, strengthening our Medicare platform. Our health plan and business development teams defended existing contracts and won new ones, expanding the reach of our leading Medicaid franchise. Marketplace continues to deliver value for our members and earnings power for our enterprise, generating important returns and creating a compelling platform to support growth in the individual market. And we continue to find opportunities to get better at the basics and innovate in how we show up to support our members, providers, and regulators. With the election now 10 days away, I'll highlight again that our product and government relations teams have been preparing for months for the many post-election scenarios that may emerge. No matter the results on November 5th, Centene is well positioned as an industry thought leader for maintaining coverage and affordability for Americans across each of our product lines. The momentum across this enterprise is palpable, and it is a direct result of the efforts of our more than 60,000 [Centenemers] (ph), committing their time and energy and talent to improving the health of the communities we serve. To this end, I want to recognize those who showed up to support our members and fellow employees who were impacted by Hurricane Helene and Milton. The Centene took immediate and urgent action, including Centene foundation efforts to deploy much-needed financial support to key nonprofit partners in impacted states, headquarters teams coordinating the shipments of over-the-counter medicine, and other hard-to-find supplies to our communities in North Carolina and Florida, and colleagues opening their homes to fellow employees impacted by the storm. You went above and beyond for our members and each other and showed what it means to be part of the Centene. Thank you. With that, I'll turn it over to Drew.
Andrew Asher: Thank you, Sarah. Today we reported third quarter 2024 results, including $36.9 billion in premium and service revenue and adjusted diluted earnings per share of $1.62. Q3 performance was ahead of our previous expectations and keeps us on track to deliver adjusted diluted earnings per share in excess of $6.80 in 2024. As you saw in our press release this morning, the adjusted diluted EPS for the third quarter includes $0.10 associated with a marketplace premium tax benefit that we previously expected in the fourth quarter of 2024, so merely a timing shift. The quarter also includes about $0.4 of accelerated income tax benefit. Even without those two favorable timing items, we were still a little ahead for the quarter. Our consolidated HBR was 89.2% for Q3, which brings us to 87.9% year-to-date. Consistent with our previous public commentary, our Medicaid membership was just over 13 million, and our Q3 Medicaid HBR at 93.1% was a little above Q2. While there are still very small pockets of redetermination activity occurring, we largely expect stability in our Medicaid membership around that 12.9 million to 13 million mark as we close out 2024. With every month that goes by, we continue to make progress with our state partners and their actuaries in our efforts to match rates with acuity. As Sarah mentioned, now 100% of our states have acknowledged and acted. So it's just a matter of sufficiency of rates, state-by-state, program-by-program. We remain confident that this is not a matter of if, but when we get back to equilibrium between rates and acuity. We are pleased and encouraged by the progress since our last call, but there's more wood to chop with our state partners, supported by the irrefutable data we provide. The commercial HBR of 80% was right on track for Q3, and we showed a little bit more growth with 4.5 million Marketplace members at quarter end, 22% growth from a year ago. We continue to be pleased with the execution in our Marketplace business. And while the open enrollment period hasn't yet started, we believe we can grow during open enrollment and achieve our margin goals in 2025. Medicare results in the quarter were consistent with our expectations, including a segment HBR of 88.0%. Good execution in 2024 in both our Medicare Advantage and PDP businesses, enables us to enter 2025 right on track. As you saw with the landscape file, we continue to take Medicare Advantage actions designed for the long run, consistent with our strategy focused on low income and dual eligible. We exited six of our smaller states that didn't quite match our Medicaid footprint, and we administratively reduced our number of H contracts by about 30%. While we have much of the annual and open enrollment periods yet to play out, as Sarah covered, we are still targeting $14 billion to $16 billion of Medicare Advantage revenue in 2025. And we are still targeting the same 2025 result that would be consistent with an approximate $125 million of premium deficiency related expense that would be recorded in Q4 of 2024. So overall, no major changes to our Medicare Advantage game plan. Similarly, our Stars game plan is on track at 46% and 3.5 stars for the 2026 payment year as we covered in our October 11th 8-K. As we've talked about for the last couple of quarters, we expect meaningful revenue growth in our PDP business in 2025, largely driven by the Inflation Reduction Act mechanics. Furthermore, our bids positioned us well, anchored by our outstanding pharmacy cost structure, that when coupled with the CMS demo, facilitates very low cost and attractive products for seniors. For 2025, we are pleased to again be below the auto-assigned benchmark in 33 out of 34 regions. And our zero premium product, inclusive of the federal demo subsidy, is available to seniors in 43 out of 50 states. So we think our reported premium yield will more than double in 2025 compared to 2024 due to the IRA, and we should be able to grow membership as well, subject to the annual enrollment period that just started. We are targeting a 2025 PDP margin of 1% or so that we will look to edge up over time, and that is on a much higher revenue base for 2025. Our adjusted SG&A expense ratio was 8.3% in the quarter, a good result contributing to a slightly better view for 2024. Cash flow used in operations was $1 billion for Q3, driven by a few normal course balance sheet items. One, the settlement of marketplace risk adjustment payables for the 2023 benefit year, with the corresponding collection of over $800 million of 2023 receivables expected in Q4. Two, Medicaid rate increases not yet collected. And three, an increase in Part D receivables. Unregulated cash on hand at quarter end was $266 million. During the third quarter plus October, we deployed approximately $1.6 billion on Centene shares for a year-to-date total of 2.4 billion. Our debt to adjusted EBITDA was 2.9 times at quarter end. Our medical claims liability at quarter end represented 51 days in claims payable, down three days sequentially, and down two days compared to Q3 of 2023. If it weren't for a higher level of state-directed payments in Q3, we would have been at 53 days. We have updated our 2024 guidance elements to help with your modeling as we look towards wrapping up 2024. Our full year premium and service revenue is $2 billion higher than previous guidance, which gives us more earnings power for the future. Our consolidated 2024 HBR guidance of 88.3% to 88.5% reflects the Medicaid insights and updates we have provided you at the last couple of investor conferences. We continue to expect Q3, 2024 to be the high watermark for our Medicaid HBR. 2024 SG&A guidance midpoint of 8.6% is slightly down due to cost management and revenue growth. And to round out a couple of other metrics, we expect investment income of over $1.7 billion, excluding gains and losses on divestitures, and depreciation expense in the zone of $550 million. Importantly, we are still on track for greater than $6.80 of adjusted diluted EPS in 2024. Q3 represents another quarter of good progress, from another divestiture to cost management to revenue growth to Stars, and wins in Iowa Medicaid, Pennsylvania LTSS, and Michigan Heidi to boot. Execution in our diversified portfolio enables us to reaffirm our 2024 adjusted diluted EPS guidance of greater than $6.80, despite the temporary Medicaid rate acuity mismatch that we've been briefing you on since May. As we make forward progress quarter after quarter, we still expect to grow adjusted diluted EPS in 2025 and beyond. Thank you for your interest in Centene. Rocco, let's open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Today's first question comes from Stephen Baxter at Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Stephen Baxter: Hi. Thanks. I was hoping for the Medicaid MLR, you could potentially provide a little bit of commentary about where you're expecting the fourth quarter to land and any bridging items maybe we should consider, including maybe whether there is any retroactivity in the third quarter, either positive or negative. And then, I guess, just a follow-up would be, I'd love to hear you talk about the total level of cost growth that you're seeing in the Medicaid business and where that sits in the second half, trying to understand how much margin impact we should think about the composite rate update you discussed producing. Thank you.
Sarah London: Sure. Thanks, Stephen. So let me tell you a little bit about what we saw in the quarter and what that means for us as we sort of look into Q4 and 2025. And really, it is result of the groundwork that we laid out over the last 18 months and what we've shared with you in terms of the proactive dialogue with the states. And I think also a result of being the largest Medicaid provider and being maniacal about data. And so, as we saw the inflection around the dislocation between rate and acuity start to pick up in Q2, we were very early to call that out. We were very early to bring that to our state partners to show the data and then to continue to refresh that data on an ongoing basis. And that then became an important input if you think about the 14 states that have rate updates between 7/1 and 10/1. You also heard from both my and Drew's commentary that one state that we've been waiting for to get an adjustment back to 2023, one of our smaller states. But that did come through, and therefore, have universality in terms of states acknowledging that there's a need to get rates and acuity together and also demonstrating their willingness to do so. So all of that nets out to the commentary around the composite rate adjustment being in the high 4s to 5% as we think about the year. Also informs the fact that we're encouraged by the momentum that we saw in the quarter and how we think about that influencing the conversations around not just 2025 rates, but continuing to push for mid-cycle acuity adjustments. As you heard from Drew, there's still work to do. But again, the fact that bringing that data forward, leveraging the strong relationships that we have at the state level and being able to push those productive conversations to drive results I think, is sort of what we stand on. I don't know if there's anything you want to add in terms of cost trend or anything.
Andrew Asher: Yes, Stephen, as you think about the progression from Q3 to Q4, just think about Q3 in Medicaid HBR being the high watermark, as I said in my remarks. And then we've got one pretty big state with a 9/1 renewal in three states with 10/1 renewals and rate updates that obviously will impact Q4 more so than Q3. And then you didn't ask about other lines of business. But if you step back and think about the HBR in the aggregate, setting aside Medicaid, Q4 seasonally is higher in the Medicare and commercial segments. Commercial, typically, because of deductibility and seasonality sort of ticks up during the year. And then in Medicare, usually Q1 and Q4 are a little bit higher than Q2 and Q3. So that rounds out as you think about your modeling from Q3 to Q4 in the context of the aggregate guidance that we provided.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today from Josh Raskin at Nephron Research. Please go ahead.
Josh Raskin: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. Just a follow-up on that. Could you speak to core Medicaid utilization trends sort of outside of the acuity shifts, what you're seeing in terms of sort of same-store utilization trends? Maybe specifically comment on behavioral health and maybe the areas you talked about in early September. And then separately, you said sort of the reverification process is sort of complete in your state. I mean, you're kind of back to the normal procedures around reverifications, how does that change the conversation with the states? Does that have any impact on sort of how you're advocating for rates? Thanks.
Sarah London: Yes. Thanks, Josh. There's nothing really new to add relative to the trend conversation from the updates we gave in Q2 and then throughout Q3. So obviously, the major driver of HBR in Medicaid is the mismatch of rate and acuity. And as we called out before, we have the ability to isolate sort of underlying continuous member cohorts to validate the fact that there is no sort of massive trend sitting in that continuous member book. There are pockets of trend that are exactly the same as we've been calling out previously. So behavioral health, home health, and then, obviously, at a state level, there are those program-specific issues where a state may have changed to the program and needs to give us rate to account for that, which is really normal course blocking and tackling. But in an environment where you have redetermination sort of pressing down on the whole book, those issues become a little bit more visible. But think about things like adding GLP-1s to the preferred drug list, changing rules around behavioral health access and changes to prior off ability on our side and sort of cost management techniques. So those are again very consistent with what we've been saying throughout the quarter. We didn't see any new changes as we came out of the quarter. And then relative to your other comment, we are again seeing states kind of get through the tail of the administrative process. But relative to the rate conversations, those really are sort of aggregate data-based. And so, understanding the impact of what those administrative changes do in terms of the remaining population and then what the resulting acuity is, all of that is -- there's a willingness and appetite by the state to look at that. And it's pretty consistent with the actuarial process, because there is a normal look back. And so, the fact that we're through, again, largely through that tail is not prohibitive relative to the advocacy work that we need to do to make sure that rates are matching what the acuity is netting out to.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from A.J. Rice at UBS. Please go ahead.
A.J. Rice: Hi, everybody. Just trying to drill down to put perspective on what you guys are saying versus what some of the peers have said. So, if your composite rate increases are in the 4.5% to 5% range, and this is the worst for medical loss ratio and you can get better from here, it sounds like, with rate updates similar to that. Can you sort of parse out -- obviously, that's a blend of the states that didn't update as well as the states that have updated presumably at higher rates. What types of rate updates do you think you need? I mean, we've had others say they need high single-digit updates, one even said maybe low double digit updates. What -- how much do you need to meet your goal of showing consistent MLR improvement going forward?
Sarah London: Yes. Thanks, A.J. I mean, the answer is, obviously, different state-by-state. And as we've said, there's still work to do relative to sufficiency. I think the fact -- and we've called this out before that we are in sort of an unprecedented time. And so, where we have seen the rate adjustments that are outsized relative to what would be normal course, all lends itself to the sort of encouraging view that we have that states understand that they need to make up the difference between where the rates may stand for a specific state or specific program and then what we're seeing in terms of the actual experience. I don't know, Drew, if there's anything you want to add?
Andrew Asher: Yes. No, we'll just keep forging ahead. I mean, we've gotten rates in the high single-digit range in the very, very small states. So don't get too excited, we got a 10%. But that just gives you the indication of states are looking at the data that we're providing and looking at recent data as well and trying to balance that into their actuarial process. We're making progress here. We still have wood to chop. We'll be working on that throughout 2025 when we have the 1/1 cohort that we're starting to get visibility on recently, and then moving to 4/1, where we have one big state, and then almost half of our rated 7/1 to 10/1.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Justin Lake with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Justin Lake: Thanks. Good morning. I'll just follow up on some of the questions. First of all, on rates, just a clarification. Can you tell us specifically what period we should be thinking about, that 4% to 5% composite covering? Is that the year? Is that second half? And maybe you could share with us just because some of your peers had so we can get a kind of baseline, what's the cost spread that compares to that 4% to 5% that you're seeing now? And lastly, you've seen a significant pickup in Medicaid pass-through payments. Just want to make sure, is that 4% to 5% you're talking about, including pass-through payments? Or does it net those pass-throughs out? Thanks.
Andrew Asher: Yes. Thanks, Justin, for the questions. So the 4.5% or the high 4s to 5% is the back half rate, so more recent time period. And then we look at that as net rates. And so, pass-throughs would be excluded from that as would programmatic changes to the extent that benefits were adjusted. So we're looking at that as sort of a net fundamental rate even though the gross rates are often a little bit higher depending on the unique state program. And I would think a bit less as cost trend and more about trying to peg that exit med-expense PMPM as we exit the redetermination time period and then matching the rates against that exit rate. As Sarah indicated, when we look down into our book of business and look at continuous members, and these are pretty big cohorts that have been with us, I mean, millions and millions of members, so statistically sound, that have been with us for two years. There's not a whole lot of trend. There's some typical trend in the high acuity populations, reasonable levels of trend and pretty flat in TANF. So I would think of it more as like pegging that exit run rate PMPM, matching rates against it that we'll be working on over the next couple of cycles.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Sarah James at Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go ahead.
Sarah James: Thank you. Is there a way to size up the pent-up demand portion of trend that would slow as rejoiners slow versus the acuity mix that would continue? And on the GLP-1 flag, can you size how much pressured trend that is for states that cover it and whether there is a corresponding adjustment in rates or there's a lag there for catching up?
Sarah London: Yes. So relative to rejoiners, I think as we called out that dynamic and that cohort in particular where, again, immature months, we're seeing 30% of members who are coming back and as this process has unfolded, an increasing gap in terms of how long it takes for them to come back, which then puts them out of that retroactive reinstatement window is part of what's been contributing to the HBR pressure and delta that you've seen in the last two quarters. And my commentary about the fact that, that dynamic is slowing, I think, is important. Because those -- the rejoiners tend to come back and find their way back because they are in need of health care. And so, again, they create sort of this artificial pressure where they're using the system and we haven't received premiums for the time period that they weren't enrolled even though they were eligible. So the more of that we work through and have now worked through over the last couple of quarters means that, that should create a natural tailwind as we turn into 2025. And then GLP-1s, Drew, maybe you want to talk about the states that have put those on formulary and the data that we can present to them as they think about making sure we get paid for it.
Andrew Asher: Actually, we've had a couple of states that have had GLP-1s available for the weight loss indication for a while. So we've got good data. Then we take to other states that are maybe contemplating, should they put it on their formulary, should they not and share that data with them. It also helps shape the rate discussion of -- the ramping of that that we saw in those states that have been on it for over a year. So there's a handful of states. The states can make those decisions, and we administer and then we share data. There's one state that recently added GLP-1s, I believe, as of August. And we're sharing data monthly with them to make sure that the rate that they loaded in, the PMPM rate, their estimate upon the commencement is consistent with the uptake that is being seen in that specific state.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Andrew Mok with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Andrew Mok: Hi, good morning. Last quarter, you categorized Medicaid HBR improvement as a tailwind for 2025. With a modest setback in Medicaid MLR in the quarter, is it still fair to characterize Medicaid MLR as a tailwind for next year? And what visibility do you have into 1/1 rate updates at this point? Thanks.
Sarah London: Yes. I would say, yes. Medicaid HBR improvement is definitely a tailwind for 2025. As you heard Drew say, we've started to get some of those 1/1 rates, and we'll have a lot more visibility and obviously be able to update you on 2025 overall at our Investor Day in December. But I still believe we'll be able to grow adjusted EPS, and those headwinds and tailwinds in the aggregate that we've shared previously remain the same
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Lance Wilkes with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Lance Wilkes: Great. I was hoping you could give a little more detail to help our understanding on some of the rates in rejoiner aspects. In particular, with rate increases, as you're doing those, are states doing that by program or at a composite level across programs? And then when you're thinking about rejoiners and maybe any comments on levers would also be interesting, but rejoiners. Do you have cohorts that are there long enough that you can see a normalization in utilization patterns? Thanks.
Sarah London: Yes. On the -- so first of all, relative to rates, states do -- we get sort of a composite rate, but it's a reflection of a buildup of the underlying sub-programs that are in there. And so they take into account the sort of variety of programs that any of us individually are managing. And then relative to payers and levers and rejoiners, we do now have, to your point, Lance, rejoined data -- rejoined our run-out data and being able to look at and confirm the view that, again, those rejoiners are coming back because they are in need of services. And then we see the normalization of their utilization patterns thereafter. And in fact, the idea that had we been receiving premiums for those members during the time that we had the gap, it would have normalized their HBR more than what we're seeing. So that -- all of that, again, continues to confirm the view that it's sort of this artificial pressure that's creating MLR uptick. And then I don't know, anything else on stairs and levers as those continue to run out? No? Yes. So still the same differences that we've been seeing and all of that data gets put into the mix in our advocacy with state partners.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Adam Ron with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Adam Ron: Hi. I appreciate the question. I was wondering if we could get a little more color on the Part D business. You mentioned you expect 1% margin next year. Wondering how that compares to this year. And then also, one of your peers mentioned that due to the IRA changes that partially took effect this year, they saw a greater utilization shift in some specialty drugs this year because the member cost sharing went down, and that happened after they priced 2025. And so, wondering if you were seeing that and if that had any risk for 2025 or if the voluntary program helps minimize some downside. Any color around all that would be helpful. Thanks.
Andrew Asher: Yes. Thanks, Adam. No, we're really pleased with our positioning in PDP. So starting with 2024, we're right on track. I mean, we sort of knew the rules of the IRA. We thought about the member change in behavior, which will be different in 2025 than 2024, but we thought about it for 2024 as well and any sort of manufacture behavior changes that might be induced by the changing of the mechanics of the IRA. So we're right on track, as you can see in our aggregate Medicare segment. But underneath that, PDP is on track and in that same zone of margin for 2024. So sort of we expect a degree of consistency between 2024 and 2025. In the margin, although the revenue will be a lot higher in 2025 than 2024. So pleased with the positioning. The team did a really good job estimating the direct subsidy. Obviously, that was a big risk that we talked about going back to Q1 at a conference in March and then on the Q1 call, trying to make sure, quite frankly, that the industry was thinking through all of the elements that needed to be reflected in the bid and therefore driving the direct subsidies. So we would expect to grow in the open enrollment period, the annual enrollment period. Given our positioning, we're below the benchmark in 33 out of the 34 regions, which is a really good result, but consistent with where we've been in the past. And we continue to have zero premium products in the majority of states, in part, thanks to the CMS demo, which brought down that premium by $15. So pleased with the positioning. Not satisfied with the 1% margin, give or take. But I think that's the right area to a target for 2025. And then, we'll look to edge that up over the following couple of years.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Scott Fidel with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Scott Fidel: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. First question, just I was hoping to circle back on Sarah's comment around the expected exchange market growth for next year at the mid-single digits. One of your large sort of ex market-focused peers had talked more about a mid-teens growth expectation for next year. And I know you did sort of call out a few sort of regulatory changes for next year. So it would be helpful maybe if you could maybe walk us through sort of how you would be thinking about like sort of, I guess, the gross Marketplace growth and then how some of these regulatory changes may sort of bring that down to the mid-single digits. Then just my follow-up question would just be around California. One of your peers has commented the last couple of quarters on a retroactive rate adjustment in Medicaid that's been pretty significant. I know you guys haven't really called that out to nearly the same degree, but just curious on sort of what you've been seeing on that front as well. Thanks.
Sarah London: Yes. Thanks, Scott, for the question. So long term, we're still very bullish on our view of growth in Marketplace, and we called out all of the drivers of that, that sort of increased stability and broker infrastructure, affordability awareness. As we think about this year, think about the fact that we're coming off of the tailwinds from redetermination. So that creates sort of a natural step down to a more moderated growth rate just to begin with. And then as you said exactly, the program integrity policies that are being layered in, and really, most of these are just policies that are being reintroduced that were sort of put on pause during the COVID era. One of the new ones is this agent of record lock policy, which requires a member to have a single broker throughout the enrollment period, which again we think creates a more stable enrollment experience. It's something that we put in place starting back in January. So that's not really new for us but maybe new for some folks in the industry. And then two additional policies that are sort of reinstatement, which is failure to report, which is sort of the IRS policy, making sure that the income level is correct relative to enrollment and the subsidies, and then the flag for overlap between Marketplace and Medicaid eligibility. And so those -- the introduction of those or reintroduction of those relative to this open enrollment is part of what creates sort of that downward pressure in this cycle. The other thing that I think is important to note is that, as we come through the redetermination process, we also anticipate less growth than we've seen in the past couple of years relative to the SEP period. And so, think about returning to more normal marketplace membership seasonality, which means growth during open enrollment, a peak sometime in Q1 and then sort of natural trailing of membership as you move through the rest of the year. And so, all of that nets out to our view of mid-single-digit growth for the market, our view of sort of more modest this year growth in open enrollment. But still believe that we will grow in open enrollment. And based on what we've seen -- obviously, open enrollment doesn't start for another week, but what we've seen in terms of the competitive landscape, still feel very good about being able to execute our strategy relative to delivering well within our target margins of 5% to 7.5%. And then, Drew, do you want to comment on the California dynamic?
Andrew Asher: Yes. Never 100% sure exactly we're talking about the same thing. But similar to what you described, we were able to get -- adequate information to get a negative retro into our Q2 results.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Michael Ha with Baird. Please go ahead.
Michael Ha: Hi, thank you. Just wanted to quickly confirm, on your modest exchange growth expectations, does that imply Centene can grow higher than market to higher than sort of mid-single digit for next year? And then, I know there's been a few questions on Medicaid cost trend already. But just curious, what level of cost trend are you assuming for fourth quarter? Directionally, is it fair to assume your guide sort of implies the 4Q Medicaid trend is higher sequentially?
Sarah London: Yes. So I think, Drew, you covered the seasonality of HBR, but maybe just hit that again in Medicaid.
Andrew Asher: Yes, Medicaid cost. I think the way to think about that, Michael, is that we expect Q3 to be the high watermark for Medicaid HBR. And yes, every quarter, we assume that there's typical trend in our books of business across all the businesses. But essentially, what we're doing is exiting the redetermination era at elevated medical expense PMPM relative to a year ago, obviously, and then trending on that going forward, which we expect to have those Q4 -- the benefit in Q4 of the 9/1 and the 10/1 rates. The benefit obviously is much greater in Q4 than Q3.
Sarah London: And then just relative to Marketplace growth, so we haven't quantified the target growth, but do believe that we will grow in Marketplace. Our strategy and our strategy really for 2025 has been more about delivering margins well within that pretax range. And so, I wanted to give some color on what we see as overall market growth, and then look forward to providing a more detailed update at our December Investor Day on that front.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Dave Windley with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
David Windley: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I was going to switch topics to G&A. Sarah, you mentioned AI. And I wondered, I guess, one, if you would be in a position to quantify any of the AI benefits that you might expect to see. And two, are any of those projects shovel-ready at this point? And then three, on G&A. Are there any timing-related spending items that we should be thinking about on G&A, thinking like offsets to the higher Medicaid MLR, things like that, that we should think 2024 versus 2025 on G&A? Thanks.
Sarah London: Yes. I'll let Drew cover timing more broadly relative to year-over-year. The one thing I will call out which you all know is that, SG&A naturally goes up in Q4 because we get into our selling periods for Marketplace and Medicare, so just something to keep in mind, but consistent with what you see every year. Broadly relative to operational efficiency, I think we've delivered great results and created momentum as we think about kind of closing out year three. And as you heard me say, I'm sort of even more excited about the fact that we didn't just deliver on the low-hanging fruit, but really starting to get to the second and third order opportunities, which I think reflects the fact that operational excellence is sort of increasingly baked into the DNA of the organization. The AI product I mentioned in particular is shovel-ready. But it's -- this is not the beginning. We've actually been layering in the use of AI across different parts of the business as we've come through the value creation work. And the benefit of doing so much work in terms of standardizing processes means that you can then flip over to automating process, and then you have access to the data allows you to layer in AI and really think about a different way to leverage the size and scale and the data of this organization to drive standardization and administrative processes that aren't necessarily differentiating, and then really focus the talent of the organization on those parts of the process that are differentiating. So lots of additional non-AI SG&A opportunities. You obviously heard us talk about that relative to Medicare. That's going to be another great lever to derisk Stars and drive the path to profitability in that business. But thinking about things like digital payments to providers, vendor consolidation, portal consolidation. All of these are things that are still ahead of us, and so feel good about the ability to continue to extract EPS improvement, frankly, from that 1% to 2% that comes from margin improvement over time.
Andrew Asher: Yes. Then we'll bridge you off of the midpoint of 2024 is 8.6% at Investor Day, and it will be somewhat dependent on the mix of business. Obviously, Marketplace and Medicare carry a much higher SG&A load than Medicaid. And then we'll have to weave in the impact of the PDP revenue growth as well. So we'll be sure to do that at Investor Day.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from George Hill with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, thanks. This is [Maxi] (ph) on for George. Thanks for taking my question. The Medicaid PMPM seems to have grown much faster than your peers this quarter. How much of it is driven by rate adjustment? And any other main drivers beyond rate adjustments? And how sustainable is the PMPM growth at this rate going forward? Thank you.
Andrew Asher: Yes. Thanks for the question. As you heard us talking about cash flow, it's not what you asked about but it's -- there's an interplay here with the cash flows being impacted and the DCP being impacted by state-directed payments, that works its way into the yield that you're probably calculating off the face of the disclosures that we have. So there's a fair amount of increase in state-directed payments in the quarter. And -- but you're right that the high 4s to 5% composite back half rate is helping that as well.
Operator: Thank you. And this concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Sarah London for closing remarks.
Sarah London: Thanks, Rocco. I'll just close out by emphasizing what I think you've heard this morning, which is our business objectives and expected 2024 earnings power remain unchanged. We are pleased to be making progress matching Medicaid rates with acuity and generating positive momentum on RFP wins in the meantime. Relative to Medicare, we are marking gains on important strategic initiatives there, and we continue to lead in our marketplace business, which is a product where I think our depth of experience and execution is unparalleled. So we still have work to do. We still have a lot of opportunity ahead, and look forward to updating you again at our upcoming Investor Day in December. But in the meantime, thank you for your interest in Centene, and I hope you have a great weekend.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. We thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful weekend.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-08-27 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Woodside Energy Group Limited Half-Year 2024 Results. All participants are in a listen-only mode. There will be a presentation followed by a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to Ms. Meg O'Neill, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director. Please go ahead.
Meg O'Neill: Well, good morning, everyone, and welcome to Woodside's 2024 Half Year Results Presentation. We are presenting from Sydney, and I would like to begin by acknowledging the traditional custodians of this land, the Gadigal people of the Eora Nation and pay my respects to their elders past and present. Today, I'm joined on the call by our Chief Financial Officer, Graham Tiver. Together, we will provide an overview of our half-year 2024 performance before opening up to Q&A. Please take the time to read the disclaimers, assumptions and other important information. I'd like to remind you that all dollar figures in today's presentation are in U.S. dollars, unless otherwise indicated. I am very pleased to present a strong set of half-year results today. They are a testament not just to our operating performance in the past six months, but also demonstrate how we are delivering on our strategy to thrive through the energy transition. This strategy is underpinned by three goals: providing energy, creating and returning value to our shareholders and conducting our business sustainably. During the first-half of 2024, we have delivered on all three. Our project execution capabilities have been demonstrated again with the safe startup and strong ramp-up performance at Sangomar and excellent progress at our Scarborough Energy project. Our reliable and cost-competitive base business has translated into strong financial performance and returns to shareholders with a fully franked interim dividend of $0.69 per share once again at the top end of our payout ratio range. With our disciplined approach to cost management, we have reduced our unit production costs by 6% in an inflationary environment. And we will continue progressing actions to ensure that we can fund growth, while supporting strong shareholder distributions. Looking across Woodside's global business, I've never been more confident in our ability to deliver reliable, affordable and lower carbon energy to a world that needs it today and into the future. Our key operational and financial metrics in the half-year results demonstrate how well our base business is performing. World-class LNG reliability of 98% and production of more than 89 million barrels of oil equivalent put us on track to deliver our full-year production guidance. We're pleased to have delivered net profit after tax of $1.9 billion, translating into strong earnings per share and a healthy interim dividend for our shareholders. Ensuring everyone who works at Woodside Goode, some safely remains our highest priority. Our commitment to continuous improvement means taking action to strengthen our safety culture, simplify our processes, and improve our systems. The full impact of these actions will take some time and our overall safety performance is not yet meeting our expectations. However, we are seeing some positive results. For example, the safe delivery of our Sangomar project included 30 million hours worked on the FPSO without a serious injury, a remarkable result and sets the standard for what I expect to see across the business. Let me now speak to the global market environment and our firm conviction that LNG will play an important role in the energy transitions. Starting with energy demand, the fundamentals are strong. As the world's population continues to grow and economies developed, the demand for energy is increasing. According to recent updates on progress towards the UN sustainable development goals, the number of people lacking access to electricity around the world remain significant. In 2022, this reached 685 million people the highest in over a decade. So while the precise pathway of the global energy transition remains uncertain, there is one thing we can bank on. demand for reliable, affordable and increasingly lower carbon energy will continue to grow. At the same time, we firmly believe that LNG will remain an important global energy source as countries seek to lower their emissions. When used to generate electricity, gas typically provides -- sorry, gas typically produces half the life cycle emissions of coal. Gas can also provide support for electricity grids powered by renewables and batteries. Therefore, for many economies, switching from coal to gas is often the most material and affordable way to reduce emissions, while maintaining a reliable source of energy to underpin modern living standards. For example, in the U.S. from 2022 to 2023, coal to gas switching accounted for two-thirds of the emissions reduction in electricity generation. While coal use in markets like Europe has already peaked, the Asia Pacific region currently accounts for more than 80% of global coal use and global coal consumption is approximately 8 times higher than global LNG. So we see a clear and sustained opportunity for coal to gas switching in key markets as they navigate the energy transition. These fundamental drivers for long-term demand also give us confidence that the so-called LNG glut forecast for later this decade is unlikely to have a sustained impact on demand or pricing. Recent history has shown that due to customers' energy security and decarbonization drivers, increased supply is continuously absorbed by the market with price remaining resilience. For example, international energy agency concerns expressed in both 2009 and 2016, of a sustained "LNG glut" with far-reaching impacts on gas prices did not eventuate. Looking forward, we believe demand will continue to keep pace as new supply comes online. Underpinned by these strong market fundamentals, our high-quality portfolio is well positioned to provide energy and create value now and into the future. Core to this is Woodside's continued world-class operational performance, which combines consistently high reliability with reduced operating costs. We are also making targeted investments to extend the production life of our key operated assets to ensure we continue to extract value from our base business. We achieved a major milestone in June with the start-up of our Sangomar project. This demonstrates clear delivery against our growth strategy, creating shareholder value, as well as significant economic benefits to Senegal. I'm pleased to report strong well and subsurface performance. Nameplate capacity of 100,000 barrels per day has been achieved, and all 24 wells have been drilled and completed. This achievement has relied on the creation of strong local relationships, including with our joint venture partner, Petrosen. We will operate this asset in the same way we do in all jurisdictions, maintaining full compliance with local requirements and positive relationships with regulators, while ensuring we protect shareholder value. Moving to Australia. We have made impressive progress with our Scarborough Energy project. Scarborough was 67% complete at the end of the period and is on track for first LNG cargo in 2026. Scarborough was also set to deliver domestic gas at a time the local Western Australian market needs it. The image on this slide shows the floating production unit, which reached a major milestone during the half, achieving structural completion of the top sides. Other key onshore and offshore activities are progressing well, and I look forward to taking some of our investors to see firsthand our progress at Scarborough during a site visit planned for later this year. We were very pleased to welcome LNG Japan to the Scarborough joint venture and look forward to completing the sell-down to JERA. This demonstrates our ability to attract high-quality partners at a competitive price to a Woodside operated project. Moving to Trion. We remain on track for first oil in 2028. Front-end engineering design on the FSO was completed in the period. We have also progressed engineering procurement and contracting activities, including the award of the Subsea marine installation contracts. While progressing our growth projects, we continue to look for opportunities to grow our portfolio into the 2030s and beyond to deliver long-term value for our shareholders. In July and August, we entered into agreements to acquire two significant energy projects on the U.S. Gulf Coast, which I will now turn to. Our proposed acquisition of Tellurian and its Driftwood LNG development positions Woodside as a leading independent LNG player with exposure to both the Pacific and Atlantic Basin. It has potential for significant future cash generation and reduction of the average Scope 1 and 2 emissions intensity of our LNG portfolio. As we engage with investors following the announcement, there was a desire for more clarity on Woodside's value drivers and expected returns from the Driftwood LNG opportunity. Driftwood is a pre-FID project, and we are confident it can achieve the returns of our capital allocation framework. Looking at the chart on the slide, the first two gray bars compare the return profile of a typical project finance development with the returns already achieved by some U.S. LNG players. Some are improving returns by increasing plant capacity selling some volumes at international pricing and extending the life of the project. We see even more potential for Woodside. Driftwood plays to our established strengths in project execution, operations and marketing. Our track record on reliability and train debottlenecking gives us the credentials to extract more value from assets, compared to other players. Another competitive advantage of Woodside is our global LNG marketing portfolio. This provides us with flexibility to serve our customers and enables global price indexation. Our long shipping position is another strength we bring to the opportunity. We've seen traditional U.S. LNG players building out shipping fleets to allow dead sales. This is, of course, strength of Woodside today. Driftwood is truly advantaged. It is the only fully permitted pre-FID opportunity in U.S. LNG and has Bechtel as the EPC contractor. We have a very compelling opportunity for sell-downs. Multiple inbounds have been received, and we are in conversations with interested parties. Importantly, however, we will be focused and find the right strategic partners for this opportunity as we did for Scarborough. Now to our proposed acquisition of OCI's Clean Ammonia Project. This is another investment that positions us to thrive through the energy transition. The project is under development with expansion potential. Construction is already 70% complete with ammonia production targeted for 2025 and lower carbon ammonia for 2026. Global ammonia demand is forecast to double by 2050 with lower carbon ammonia make nearly two-thirds of demand total. Market forecasts show that growing demand for lower carbon ammonia will be supported by policies in key energy markets, stimulating use of ammonia beyond traditional applications, to include power generation, marine bunkering and as a hydrogen carrier. Over the past two decades, we have seen the EU leading the charge in tackling climate change through incentives like the emissions trading scheme. Last year, it strengthened its lower carbon framework through the implementation of the carbon border adjustment mechanism. This policy combines a carbon intensity measurement with a mandatory carbon price further incentivizing use of lower carbon energy sources. Lower carbon ammonia is also being used in Japan and Korea to decarbonize power generation by co-firing ammonia with coal. I'll now hand over to Graham to take you through our financial performance.
Graham Tiver: Thanks, Meg, and hello, everyone. Our financial performance and balance sheet have remained resilient because of our strong underlying business and our consistent approach to capital management. I would like to highlight here that our capital management framework remains unchanged. This framework provides the flexibility of funding value-accretive growth, while continuing to deliver strong shareholder returns. Underpinning our capital management framework is discipline. We run our business with consistent cost focus and have managed our unit production costs down despite inflationary pressures. We will further tighten our belts and continue to rationalize discretionary spend. We are disciplined with our investment decisions. The acquisitions of Tellurian and OCI's clean ammonia project are both aligned with Woodside's corporate strategy and our capital allocation framework. As the operator of these opportunities, we control the spend, allowing us to face the development, bring in partners at our determination and use the contractors we want. The sell-down of equity in the Scarborough joint venture bring quality partners into the project and back into the business. The sale proceeds of $910 million received from LNG Japan and an estimated total consideration of $1.4 billion coming from JERA. And we are disciplined in how we position the balance sheet to achieve our goals. We know the importance of dividends to our shareholders. And when we evaluate the financial scenarios, we assume a dividend payout ratio at the top end of our range, even a stress case pricing. We target a gearing range of 10% to 20% through the investment cycle. With the recent acquisitions, we expect to access debt markets in the near-term. Our gearing will likely go above the top of our range for a period of time. This is expected to reduce back to within our target gearing range by utilizing the various levers at our disposal. Moving to our financial performance in the period. Despite lower average realized prices, our base business continues to perform very well. Costs are down and we're demonstrating excellent operational discipline and resilience across our financial metrics. This is translating into a healthy dividend payment representing a half-year annualized yield of 7.3% at June 30. Cash flow generation through the first-half of 2024 was strong, delivering a cash margin above 80%, which has been sustained over the past five years. Importantly, we have achieved positive free cash flow of $740 million in a heavy capital investment year and with significant tax payments. This is in line with the previously provided outlook for free cash flow. We expect to update our outlook to include acquisitions and sell-downs once we complete the transactions. Our balance sheet is well positioned with our gearing at the lower end of our target range and a strong cash-generative portfolio of assets. This is how we have created and returned value to shareholders in the first-half. I'll now hand back to Meg.
Meg O'Neill: Thanks, Graham. As I outlined earlier, conducting our business sustainably is one of the goals underpinning our strategy to thrive through the energy transition. While we were disappointed at the shareholder vote received on our climate transition action plan at our AGM. We respect the results, and we will continue seeking feedback from investors. During the half, we progressed the implementation of our asset decarbonization plans and remain on track to achieve our Scope 1 and 2 emissions reduction targets. We also announced a new complementary abatement target to take FID on new energy opportunities by 2030, with total abatement capacity of 5 million tonnes per annum of CO2 equivalents, as well as generating attractive investment returns, the acquisition of OCI's Clean Ammonia Project is a material step towards delivering on our Scope 3 investments and abatement targets. And beyond our own initiatives and investments. Woodside is also championing lower carbon initiatives across the sector. In January, we became the first Australian company to join the oil and gas methane partnership 2.0, a flagship international program aimed at improving the accuracy and transparency of methane emissions reporting. Conducting our business sustainably also extends to supporting community development wherever we operate. Woodside continues to be among Australia's top tax contributors, our total tax and royalty payments during the half to Australian governments was AUD2.7 billion. This demonstrates an ongoing and significant contribution to the economic prosperity of Australia. As described in our Northwest Community development report, we spent more than AUD2.4 billion with local businesses in Western Australia through the Northwest Shelf and Scarborough projects during 2023. In Senegal, our Sangomar project is providing significant local content opportunities creating jobs for more than 4,400 Senegalese people. I'd like to close by recapping on our strategic priorities for 2024 and demonstrating the strong investment case for our shareholders. We have a high-quality, cash-generative portfolio, and we are well positioned to supply growing LNG demands. We deliver strong and consistent returns to our shareholders and are on track to deliver our emissions reduction targets. And above all, we are committed to continuously improving safety. Our achievements in the first-half of 2024 demonstrate delivery of our strategic goals and give us great confidence that Woodside will thrive through the energy transition. Last month, we celebrated 70-years as an Australian company and reflected on our proud history and proven experience. Looking to the future, we have the strategy, the people and the portfolio to enable us to deliver shareholder value for decades to come. Thank you. I'll now open the call to your questions. Please limit your questions to two each. So everybody has an opportunity to ask their questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Mark Wiseman with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Mark Wiseman: Good morning, Meg, Graham and team, congratulations on a strong result and a strong dividend. I just had a question on the cash flows, the operating cash flows. You paid more than we expected in tax. Are you able to give any breakdown of the $1.7 billion tax, how much of that's PRRT versus income tax?
Graham Tiver: Hi, Mark, thank you, Graham here. So yes, so effectively, of that $1.7 billion paid in tax in the cash flow statement, $1.5 billion was related to income tax and the remainder being PRRT. What I'd point to Mark is if you have a look at the end of December as a part of our full-year results in the balance sheet, we had a tax payable liability of $1.1 billion. So effectively, that has been paid along with tax payments for the 2024 year. So hopefully, that provides some clarity. Importantly, we are one of the largest taxpayers in Australia. And as Meg touched on in her presentation, all up across all taxes and royalties in Australia, we paid AUD2.7 billion in the first-half.
Mark Wiseman: Okay. Thanks, Graham. And just for my second question, just on hedging, with the two M&A deals that you're working on, the Driftwood FID coming up and maintaining the 80% dividend payout for now at least. What's your posture with hedging in '25 and '26? Thanks.
Meg O'Neill: Yes. Mark, it's probably worth reminding you and the investors why we hedge. So we have been hedging plus or minus 30 million barrels of oil for the last couple of years in this period of higher capital spend. We also hedge our Corpus Christi contracts. So those are Henry Hub and TTF hedges, and that's really to manage the trading risk in that particular contract. So the hedging that -- I think asking you're asking about is the oil-linked hedging, and we do expect to continue hedging in 2025, and we will take a look in due course at 2026 as we firm up plans forward for Driftwood as we get better line of sight as to what exactly our capital spend is going to look like, that will inform our decisions as to whether or not we hedge in '26.
Mark Wiseman: Okay. So would it be reasonable to assume all else equal, more CapEx commitment and more gearing on the balance sheet would point you towards more hedged volume?
Meg O'Neill: Yes. But again, well, look, I'd say not necessarily more. We've been targeting the 30 million barrels because we feel that's an appropriate level of hedging to protect our ability to cover our base costs as well as continue the investments that we've sanctioned. And so I wouldn't expect it to go above the 30 million barrels, but it really will be a question for 2026 of how much hedging is appropriate -- as we -- you'll recall, 2026 is when we expect to start LNG production from Scarborough. So spend ramps down, revenue starts to come in, but that will be kind of the critical year as we think about the cash balance going forward.
Mark Wiseman: Okay, thank you. Thats clear and congrats on the result again. Cheers.
Graham Tiver: Thanks, Mark.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Saul Kavonic with MST. Please go ahead.
Saul Kavonic: Good morning. A couple of questions. Perhaps the first one is for Graham. Just in the context where you talk about gearing to go above the top end of the 20% gearing range for a period. Should we think about this providing time to enable targeted sell-downs of Driftwood perhaps another way of phrasing that once the -- if you -- once the 50% sell-down of Driftwood occurs, do you think you would then be -- may be below the 20% gearing range at kind of current $70, $80 oil prices?
Graham Tiver: So it's very early days. We are still working through one project completion of the actual acquisition, we're still reassessing the capital, the phasing of the capital, et cetera, and then the sell-down process. But to answer your question at a very high level, based on what we see today, it is highly likely that we will still pop up above 20% for gearing for a period of time in a 50% sell-down scenario. But having said that, and I caveat, there's still a lot of work to do between now and then.
Meg O'Neill: And Saul, maybe it's worth elaborating on Graham's answer. We said our target gearing range is 10% to 20%, but it's not hard guardrails, it's a target range, and we may be above or below at periods in time. And you'd be well aware that we were below it last year when market conditions were in our favor. We again, with the investment in Driftwood may go above it for a period of a couple of years. But again, they're not hard and fast rules. It's more target range.
Saul Kavonic: Okay. So I guess a follow-up to that is, in the absence of a Driftwood sell-down, are you still comfortable you can maintain this modeled 80% payout policy within the various scenarios you look at? Or is the pressure really on to have a sell-down to maintain that recent payout ratio?
Meg O'Neill: Yes. So what we said about Driftwood is we really want to put together the Dream team. We've had more inbounds than we can shake a stick at. So we've got the luxury of being able to really pick the partners we want to work with. And our intention, as we progress towards an investment decision there is we want to have line of sight to the partnership that we want. We may not have everything signed, sealed and delivered, but we do want to have line of sight to the partnership. If we didn't have anybody interested, I don't -- it would not be our intention to go forward at 100% with nobody queued up.
Saul Kavonic: All right. Thanks. I also just have a question on Driftwood. It could be for you. I don't know if Mark's on the call maybe he's better to address it. But just looking at the steps you provided here to show how this can go from an infrastructure return to the 12%-plus rate of return. And you highlight debottlenecking and longer life, et cetera. But I just wanted to kind of holding on two elements. You talked about Woodside achieving greater than 95% reliability. Could you provide some, I guess, guidance on what the average U.S. LNG plan achieves that is what you think Woodside can achieve?
Meg O'Neill: Yes. Thanks for the question, Saul. We actually tried to get that hard and fast data. And unfortunately, it's a bit all over the map. There are some very high-quality operators in the U.S., who operate in that 95%-ish range reliability. There are other operators that struggle to keep their plants online. What we can speak to is our track record and part of why we highlight our LNG reliability every half-year and full-year is just to kind of confirm with the market the capability that we have in our organization to get the maximum value through the facilities that we have.
Saul Kavonic: Thanks. And just a second point to touch on the -- I guess, the upside from the marketing position. Do you expect, for example, if you would have signed an FOB contract from Driftwood that you'll achieve a premium toll value versus kind of the more recent tolls that have been signed and our push, is it this like a $0.05 in MMBtu premium or $0.50 MMBtu premium?
Meg O'Neill: So Saul, one of the things that we're working on as we put together our dream team is making some of those decisions around how much equity LNG we want to maintain, how much equity in the plant we want to maintain and how much equity LNG we want to maintain. If  look, it'd be premature for us to speculate on how we would structure any contracts. There may be circumstances where we would sign FOB contracts. But in some ways, that really is linked to the infrastructure kind of model where you get that high confidence in the new stream, where we think we can really add value is actually by taking more of that into our portfolio. So our starting point is whatever equity position we take, we're going to take it into our portfolio because we think we can access better pricing by being able to sell it at either oil indexation, CTS indexation or JKM.
Saul Kavonic: Sorry, just one more. My understanding is the approval...
Meg O'Neill: Saul, we've got a few others in the queue if we can -- if I can ask you to hop back in. Thanks, Saul.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Gordon Ramsay with RBC. Please go ahead.
Gordon Ramsay: First of all, big congratulations on getting Sangomar up to 100,000 barrels a day. I think that's a terrific achievement considering the complexities of the project and particularly some of the subsurface infrastructure involved. Just on Sangomar, Meg, if you 100,000 barrels a day, obviously, that's the cap that you're working with on the project. Do you think that can push out the plateau volumes further than maybe than what you originally thought based on initial well performance?
Meg O'Neill: Yes. Thanks for the question, Gordon. And I appreciate your commentary. I know you've studied that quite closely, and you appreciate the complexities of the asset that we have there. We're really pleased with the well performance that we've seen to-date. What we haven't done yet is gotten water injection or gas injection up and running. And as you would well appreciate, we need those secondary recovery mechanisms to maintain the flow rates from the wells. So it's going to take us a bit of time to really understand how the field is plumbed together and how effective those secondary recovery mechanisms are going to be. So I'd say we're still in the -- too early to say stage. But very pleased with the well performance to date.
Gordon Ramsay: Okay. And just one other operational question just on the unit production cost, bringing that down by 6% to $8.30 and a lower production compared to first-half 2023. What were the drivers to that? And could that be sustained going forward?
Meg O'Neill: It's a lot of hard work on a lot of different fronts as I'm sure you'd appreciate, to manage unit production costs, a lot of focus in base cost management through the business. just taking a look at everything we do and how we do our work. It's looking at things like how efficiently we're managing our turnarounds how efficiently we're executing maintenance, looking for synergies and things like helicopters and boats making sure we're efficient in our above field support. So there's no silver bullets. It's a lot of hard work on a lot of different fronts.
Gordon Ramsay: Okay, thank you.
Meg O'Neill: Thanks, Gordon.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Tom Allen with UBS. Please go ahead.
Tom Allen: Good morning, Meg, Graham and the broader team. Are you comfortable that following the two big deals recently announced with Tellurian an OCI ammonia that Woodside's now added sufficient growth to the outlook? Or given that these deals haven't added upstream production, should we expect more? Woodside said that it wants to add growth in LNG, new energy and deepwater oil you've hit the first two parts of that plan with recent deals. So is adding further scale investment in deepwater oil still a near-term key growth ambition?
Meg O'Neill: Well, Tom, I'd say we already are taking steps to add growth in deepwater LNG with Sangomar and Trion. So we've got a project that's now in the operational phase, and then the Trion project 10% completes. So we actually have taken steps to increase our -- sorry, our deepwater oil portfolio. If you're trying to fish more generally as are we looking at other M&A opportunities. Look, nothing at this point in time. We're very pleased with the quality of the Driftwood and OCI Clean Ammonia Project Acquisitions, and we'll be very focused on finding a pathway to make the Driftwood FID decision in a way that delivers value for our shareholders.
Tom Allen: Thanks, Meg. Just following an earlier question on Sangomar. The initial well performance outcomes read well. And so based on those initial outcomes and to guide how we think about cash flows over the next six to 12-months, can you please comment on -- when should we expect peak plateau production? And are the initial flows that you're seeing, recognizing it's early days, but are these supportive of around that 75,000 barrel a day plateau production level? Or is risk to the upside or downside from those levels based on what you're seeing so far?
Meg O'Neill: Look, Tom, as I said, really pleased with how the wells are performing. It's a new facility. And every time you start up the new facility, you always have to work through a few, we'll call it upsets and the team has been doing actually a fantastic job of as we bring new equipment on as we learn things, responding to those learnings. But it really is too early to draw any conclusions around the long-term reservoir performance Again, the key kind of challenge or question with Sangomar is the connectivity within the reservoir, and we need to get the water injection wells up and running and the gas injection wells up and running to understand our ability to sweep oil through the reservoir.
Tom Allen: Okay, thanks Meg.
Meg O'Neill: Thanks Tom.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Nik Burns with Jordan Australia. Please go ahead.
Nik Burns: Hi, thanks Meg and Graham. Look, I'm going to risk trying to ask another M&A question, but talk about risk management instead. Assuming you do complete both the Tellurian and ammonia plant acquisitions to move ahead with the Driftwood LNG project, by the time Driftwood comes online, you'll have considerable exposure to Henry Hub gas prices and input costs. Just wondering whether you're comfortable with that long-term exposure to Henry Hub? Or should we expect you might look to try and remove or mitigate that risk via the acquisition of more U.S. gas production assets such as shale gas?
Meg O'Neill: Yes. Thanks, Nick. Look, I appreciate a lot of interest in this topic. As we think about putting together our dream team, one of the capabilities we're going to be looking at our partners as you can bring connection into that upstream gas world because, as you know, it will be incredibly important for us to understand the U.S. onshore gas market and to have ability to ensure we get the gas feeding into the plant that we need at a price that remains affordable. But at this point in time, we have no intentions of going into the upstream. We would be very cautious if we were to do so, again, recognizing the skills and capabilities for onshore U.S. shale gas is quite different from the skills and capabilities we have. So in due course, we will continue to look at ways we can manage that upstream risk, but it is not a priority for us to get into upstream U.S. at this point in time.
Nik Burns: Okay, thats clear. Thank you. And then just a question on Scarborough. You recently increased the cost there by $500 million, and that was primarily associated with Train 1 mods. Just wondering if you can talk through your confidence in the current cost estimates now? And did the $500 million increase allow you to replenish your contingency budget? And just sort of looking ahead, how should we think about what are the residual key risks into the project? I understand it's quite complex. But if you can talk to that and maybe the further risk to cost and schedule from here?
Meg O'Neill: Sure. We've worked very hard before we put out that cost update to really understand the vulnerabilities of the Scarborough project to understand where we've spent the money to date and where we're tight and where we needed a bit of support I have a very high level of confidence that we will deliver the project within that $12.5 billion. I guess just for the market's understanding, I am personally keeping a couple of hundred million of that in my pocket. So the project team doesn't have that. So they've been challenged to deliver it for $12.3 billion as we think about ongoing risks, so very pleased with particularly how the onshore work is going with Pluto Train 2, pleased with how the offshore pipeline installation is going. The FTA always has been a critical path, and that remains on critical path. As you saw in the deck, the top side is structurally complete, but there's still many hours to go to get everything ready to go before we made it with the hole. So we watch from a project execution perspective, that's a key item to watch. The second thing that we are watching very closely and working very closely with the regulator on is the Scarborough operations environment plan. We have already passed the completeness check with a NOPSEMA, so we are continuing to work through their questions. But given the evolving rules around consultation, we wanted to make sure we got that into NOPSEMA well in advance of needing it to make sure that we are robust and have the approvals we need by the time we bring the FTU into Australian waters.
Nik Burns: That's great. Thanks, Meg.
Meg O'Neill: Thanks, Nik.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from James Byrne with Citi. Please go ahead.
James Byrne: Good morning. I wanted to ask about the outlook for cash flows and whether the performance of the business has deteriorated at all relative to the prior expectations? And just bear with me like I'm just going to state a few things here. So the IBD last year 2024 free cash flow at $70 oil was sort of being indicated at around $600 million? If we take that up to $84 oil using your own sensitivity, we can kind of get to a number of about $1.5 billion for 2024, assuming second-half oil price is the same as first. CapEx, $5.5 billion, so that kind of gets us to operating cash flow is $7 billion for 2024. We have to adjust then for the asset sales LNG Japan, so probably more like $6 billion, right? First-half achieved less than $2.4 billion of operating cash flow. So there's a big delta there to get up to what you'd loosely guided to at the IBD next year. And yes, Sangomar is ramping up, but nonetheless, it's a very big delta. Secondly, at the Beaumont acquisition call, it was stated that gearing would go to the low-20s to mid-20s in a subdued oil price environment. And today, it sounds like it will go to the low to mid-20s in at Woodside's internal assumption of oil as opposed to necessarily a subdued stress test or price environment? And lastly, Sangomar is ramping up really well and yet the production guidance is unchanged. So if I triangulate those things, it kind of feels like there are parts of the business that might have deteriorated versus prior expectations. And I just wanted you to explicitly be able to say that, that was not the case.
Graham Tiver: Thanks, James. I'm very happy to answer the cash flow question. As you've quite rightly pointed out, there are swings and roundabouts. We can go into all the different line items. But if we stand back, I'm very comfortable in saying that our half one free cash flow is on track as per our IBD 23, November 23 cash flow guidance. And when we extrapolate that forward for the full-year position, also very comfortable that we are tracking above that as you hit on, the prices are generally higher than what we've received to the mid case of 70 that we put forward in the IBD. So yes, we can go into the detail and happy to take that offline. But in terms of -- yes, there are swings around about in regards to prices, timing of CapEx, tax payments, et cetera. But when you stand back and look at it, the business is performing extremely strongly. And that's evidenced in our cash flow generation and the ability to pay strong dividends. We are in line with what we put forward at the November IBD and will likely exceed it.
Meg O'Neill: And from a production perspective, so the guidance we put out, I think at that point in time, we would have said Sangomar start-up was expected in mid-24, which is what we've delivered. So yes, very pleased with how it's ramping up. But again, in any business, there's a number of different assets, and we still feel pretty -- well, we still believe and stand by the guidance we've put out for total production.
James Byrne: Okay. Second question, just back around the gearing. To have the gearing go to sort of that low mid-20s percent. I'm actually getting -- this is very anecdotal, I'm getting credit investors that right to me with our concerns, along with equity investments that are similarly concerned. And my fear is that if the bondholders are pitted against the shareholders, then equity that's likely going to lose out. Now if I pick up, Graham, on what you mentioned in your opening remarks, you mentioned you have various levers that you can pull, and you sound quite intent on maintaining that strong dividend payout ratio, what levers would you describe as being able to pull in that instance that a normal oil price environment is still getting to that mid gearing mid-20s gearing range, a little low day bear market for oil. I'm just very interested in what levers you think you have to pull because it appears to me that and many in the market, by the way, that the path of least resistance is in fact the dividends.
Graham Tiver: Yes. Thanks, James, and always good questions. And I think if we can go back to the work at OCI where we spoke around about the strength of the balance sheet and our gearing. I think it was sort of as I touched on with Saul's question, in our mid-price scenario, we will be above 20% and at the stress price. I'm not sure if that's what you mean by subdued. It was more around the mid-20s. What I would say, when we look at the levers, the first and foremost is just continued strong operational performance. We must continue for the underlying business to perform well and generate strong cash flows to support the balance sheet. We've always got opportunities around phasing of capital spend. We've got opportunities around cost reductions, tightening up on the OpEx and CapEx, discretionary spend, et cetera. We've already touched on the hedging program. We've touched on earlier on around our willingness or our plan to sell down a portion of Driftwood and that's a core part of it. So look, there's many levers, and we will assess them on their merits. And it's all a part of the work that has to take place over the next six months or so.
Meg O'Neill: But James, at a high level, it's probably worth reinforcing that over the period, you would have seen that Woodside has a track record of taking care of both our debt holders and our equity holders. You would have seen we've been in and out of the debt market for probably the last 20 or 30 years. And we pay our debts as and when they're due. And for the last decade, we've continued to provide very healthy returns to our shareholders. So we've certainly got the ability to do both.
James Byrne: So could I perhaps ask it a different way, though. So some of those levers sound very much business as usual, right, like operational performance, filling down Driftwood -- they're things that I think both equity and credit would expect management to undertake. But Graham, in your conversations with debt investors and rating agencies, would you say that they are comfortable with the trajectory of the balance sheet given the extension of the CapEx cycle?
Graham Tiver: Yes.
James Byrne: Okay.
Meg O'Neill: Thanks, James.
James Byrne: Thats all from me.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Adam Martin with E&P. Please go ahead.
Adam Martin: Yes. Good morning, Meg, Graham. Obviously, pretty strong market reaction post your two recent deals. Just perhaps just sort of summarize investor feedback, any differences in anything that surprised you? And I suppose, what the market might be missing here?
Meg O'Neill: Sure. Well, look, what I think we've had a couple of thematic questions, which we tried to address in this presentation. With Driftwood, there's been a lot of desire to understand what's different about how Woodside would do a U.S., LNG projects from how other U.S., LNG players have done their projects. And so that's why we put that slide in showing the sorts of activities that we believe we bring to the opportunity to create additional value and why we think it's compelling. And with OCI, look, I think there was an element of surprise. We've been saying for three years that we would spend -- that our intention was to profitably invest $5 billion in new energy products and services. I think the market just wasn't expecting us to do $2.3 billion this year. I think a lot of folks had probably built into their model that we would back-end weight that -- and look to be fair, we had probably signaled that as we had been focused on pursuing organic growth opportunities, which would have had a slower ramp-up of spend. So those are probably the key themes that we've been hearing, Adam.
Adam Martin: Okay. Thank you. And just second question around decommissioning, sort of any updates around what you're thinking for North West Shelf? And then also just on the Bass Strait, I think Exxon have recently pulled the EP around 13 platforms that I think is issue around sort of leaving everything below 55 meters in the water. Just talk through what's going on in the Bass Strait, but also Northwest Shelf, please?
Meg O'Neill: Sure. Well, let me speak more broadly about decommissioning. We have a very significant decommissioning campaign underway this year. And this builds on activities we started last year with the build plug and abandonment campaign. We've got a large plug-and-abandonment campaign for Stybarrow this year. And we're taking steps to remove subsea flow lines, riser dirt mooring systems from a number of legacy assets, things like Griffin as well as Stybarrow. As we go to Bass Strait, the operator and joint venture has been working for many years on decommissioning their initial focus on plug and abandonments. So basically dealing with the wells so that the platforms can subsequently be removed safely. We have been working with the operator on a plan forward for removing a number of the steel pile jackets that are in place. And the work that we've done thus far would support that a better safety and environmental outcome would be to leave the parts of the steel pile jackets that are in deeper water in place. Now Australian law today requires full removal, and that's why the joint venture has pulled that EP with the intention of continuing to do the scientific work to document the positive environmental impacts associated with live in place. North West Shelf, I assume you're asking about train retirement dates. So we continue to monitor production from North West Shelf. The offshore is doing quite well. We're processing a fair amount of Pluto gas at the Karratha Gas Plant today and do expect to see ramp-up from Waitsia in due course. So we are continuing with our planning to take on LNG train offline either late this year or in the first-half of next year.
Adam Martin: Okay, thanks for the detailed response Meg.
Meg O'Neill: Thanks, Adam.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Dale Koenders with Barrenjoey. Please go ahead.
Dale Koenders: Morning. Meg, Graham and team. Just wondering about Sangomar now that you started up. There's been obviously a lot of cost inflation in the industry. There's a little bit of uncertainty around depreciation rates. Do you think that we need to get guidance as a market on those numbers going forward? Or are you comfortable with how the consensus is forecasting those costs?
Meg O'Neill: I'll let Graham deal that.
Graham Tiver: Yes. So Dale, we don't normally provide that level of detail, asset by operational level. hear your question. I think the key point is to -- as Meg touched on is around the ramp-up and we get a feel for the ramp up, how the connectivity is across the wells and then we can look to consensus and see how we're traveling.
Dale Koenders: Okay, thank you very much for that. I'll leave it there.
Meg O'Neill: Thanks Dale.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Henry Meyer with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Henry Meyer: Good morning. Just a question on the inclusion of asset sale proceeds and underlying earnings and dividends. Can you share how you determine the amount of sale proceeds that are included in underlying, I think that what we could assume going forward, for example, the $1.4 billion from Scarborough this half?
Graham Tiver: Yes. So Henry, just for clarity, on the $1.4 billion is the cash proceeds that will go into the cash flow statement once received, and that's estimated at this point in time. What we're talking about in the net profit after tax calculation is the profit or loss on the sale, which for both LNG Japan and for JERA sell-down, it will be a profit. And for LNG Japan, I think it was $110 million -- $120 million apologies. So it's not -- I want to be very clear, it's not the full cash amount that's going into the underlying dividend calculation. It's the profit on the sale.
Henry Meyer: Yes, absolutely. And so that $120 million for LNG Japan, is that proportional to what would you expect from the JERA sale as well?
Graham Tiver: Roundabouts.
Henry Meyer: Great. Okay, thanks. And last one for me at Sangomar, we're continuing to see headlines in the press from the Senegalese government looking to renegotiate contracts? I understand, of course, that it will be confidential, but could you share Woodside's perspective on any of these contents, any potential risks, changes timeline for any resolution that you see from here?
Meg O'Neill: Yes. At this point, Henry, we're very pleased with the relationship we've built with Petrosen and the relationship we've built with the government of Senegal. You would have seen in the past that photo, myself and the President of Senegal out on the FPSO, celebrating first oil. Look, we know every governments all around the world has the rights to determine the framework that governs resource development in their nations. In Senegal, we have a contract. We have a production sharing contract. We have a host government agreement. These were fairly negotiated with the government of that nation. And look, we're happy to have a conversation with the government, but we need to make sure that we're protecting the thesis, the investment thesis on which we entered the project. So at this point in time, we'll continue to have open discussions. I would note that the Presidents around the time of his appointments or his election. He made some very positive comments welcoming private investment to the nation of Senegal and Sangomar development is one of the nation's largest private investments. So I'll leave it there.
Meg O'Neill: Okay. Thanks Meg.
Henry Meyer: Thanks Henry.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Sarah Kerr with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Sarah Kerr: Thanks so much and congratulations on the result. I was just wondering if there was any update for the timing on Perdaman contract? And if there's any impact to Woodside from the changes with the WA domestic gas policy?
Meg O'Neill: Look, you're probably better off asking Perdaman for the timeline. We need to be ready to supply them in 2026, and we will be. As to the pace of their ramp-up, that's really for Perdaman to communicate to the market. And in terms of the WA domestic gas inquiry. Look, we recognize this is an important matter for the state. We recognize that the domestic gas largely from the Northwest Shelf has underpinned a tremendous amount of economic prosperity in Western Australia. We intend to continue to work with the government on how to continue to get those positive benefits. It's probably worth Sarah noting that I know Browse has also received quite a bit of recent media attention. As we think about the State's gas needs in the 2030s, Browse is going to be an important part of solving what appears to be a growing supply-demand gap. So we'll continue to work with the government, both state and commonwealth on Browse to ensure that the state doesn't end up in a similar situation as these East Coast states.
Sarah Kerr: Great. Thank you. And just staying on Browse. You have the Sunrise development concept to in the fourth quarter of this year. So I was just wondering how Woodside is thinking about and what takes priority over Browse versus Sunrise for possibly the next organic development in Australia?
Meg O'Neill: Look, I'd say that both of those developments have their challenges. So Browse, as you know, we've been working on environmental approvals for six years and continue to seek them. We're not going to make any significant capital investments until we have confidence in those approvals. Sunrise has a lot of complexity, straddling the border of both Australia and Timor-Leste trying to get all of the governing documents negotiated has complexities and then getting to the point where we've got an investable project. We've got a bit of work to do. So no priority. There are two horses that want to get into the race, but they're both in the training track right now.
Sarah Kerr: Great thank you so much and congratulations again.
Meg O'Neill: Thanks Sarah.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Matt Chalmers with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Matt Chalmers: Thanks and good morning. Mig, just a quick question on Trion. Just with regards to Pemex and some of the world documented challenges that they're facing. Just keen to get your thoughts in terms of how you're thinking about how that may impact the overall development time line at Trion given the fact that they're your major partner in the project?
Meg O'Neill: Sure. So we've, over the past few years, established a very constructive working relationship with Pemex. They have quite a bit of deep expertise having been the sole proponent of the Mexican oil and gas sector for many years. They do have financial challenges, and that's part of why the Trion contract was structured with a carry. So we continue to carry Pemex for their share of investments through this calendar year. We've worked very closely with both Pemex and the government to ensure there's clarity around Pemexs needs to pay their fairway starting in 2025. And at this point in time, we've received all assurances from the government and Pemex that they will do so.
Matt Chalmers: Got it. Okay. And just one last question for my end. Just with regards to the lower production unit costs during the year I noted from relatively speaking compared to H1 '23, those costs were elevated and understand that royalties were lower and duties have like given the lower LNG prices in this half. just can understand if there's any further cost out that you managed to take out of those Australian operations that can speak to that cost discipline during the course of this year?
Graham Tiver: Yes. Thanks, Matt. A couple of things. The unit costs are really just focused on the production cost. So we're not necessarily. We don't include royalties, et cetera, but you're right, royalties are lower. This is the raw production costs of producing our products. When you normalize across the two years -- the 2.5 years, whether turnaround for interconnector, it doesn't matter how you look at it, our costs for the first-half of 24 below those of FY '23 for the first-half. And as Meg touched on, is there one particular point that stands out where we press the button and it all unfolded. No, it is hard work. It's constant process and energy plugging away at the underlying cost base and just really strong alignment across our businesses and focus on cost scrutiny in the business.
Matt Chalmers: Got it. So there is actual costs out there. It's not just because it's coming off a higher base in H1 '23, right?
Graham Tiver: Absolutely. The underlying costs have decreased across Woodside, obviously, ups and downs between operations. It depends what's going on. But across the business, a very broad theme of strong cost improvement.
Matt Chalmers: Thanks Graham, appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Rob Koh with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Rob Koh: Good morning. Morgan Stanley's way of getting more than two questions in at a time, I guess. Just a question about your climate transition action plan, which you acknowledged you continue and reflect. Can you give us a sense of where the feedback came from? Were people looking for more ambition or less ambition or was the technical issues around offsets? And then as a subsidiary question, does the future made in Australia program helped with H2Perth?
Meg O'Neill: All right. Well, thanks, Rob. So look, this seems on the climate transition action plan, we're probably thematically oriented towards wanting more rather than wanting less really a broad range of areas of interest from various investors though. Some wanted to see more detail and clarity on Scope 1 some expressed concerns around offsets, some themes around demand resilience for LNG and part of why we included the chart in this presentation showing coal demand is to make that point around the role for LNG and helping the world decarbonize. Some more questions around our ambition on new energy, which the OCI Clean Ammonia Acquisition, I think, addresses pretty elegantly. There are really a wide range of feedbacks. In terms of the future made in Australia, look, probably less of a connection to H2Perth. But what I would say, Rob, is if we're thinking about a future made in Australia, just as if we think about it today made in Australia, we need gas. If you look at how the manufacturing sector in Australia has grown over the decades, it's been underpinned by access to reliable and affordable gas. So not just a future made in Australia, but it today made in Australia need natural gas.
Rob Koh: Okay. Great, thank you. And then maybe just a small flyer question. Any update on your thinking on exploration in Namibia?
Meg O'Neill: Nothing's changed. So we still have our option to come as operator on one block there. We continue to look at the opportunity space there. Obviously, a lot of kind of interest across our industry with some of the other discoveries, but we're going to be patient and disciplined as we are with all of our exploration opportunities.
Rob Koh: All right, you sounds good. Thank you so much.
Meg O'Neill: Thanks, Rob.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I'll now hand back to Ms. O'Neill for closing remarks.
Meg O'Neill: All right. Well, thanks everyone, for joining the call. I really appreciate your interest in Woodside and appreciate your support of the business. We look forward to engaging with you in future days to further discuss and share with you our strategy of how we're delivering on our goal to thrive through the energy transition. Thank you.
Operator: That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-26 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Centene First Quarter 2024 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, today's event is being recorded.  
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Jennifer Gilligan, Senior Vice President, Finance and Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Jennifer Gilligan: Thank you, Rocco, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on our first quarter 2024 earnings results conference call. Sarah London, Chief Executive Officer; and Drew Asher, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Centene, will host this morning's call, which also can be accessed through our website at centene.com. Ken Fasola, Centene's President, will also be available as a participant during Q&A.  
 Any remarks that Centene may make about future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for the purpose of the safe harbor provision under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by those forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in Centene's most recent Form 10-K filed on February 20, 2024 and other public SEC filings. Centene anticipates that subsequent events and developments may cause its estimates to change. While the company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so.  
 The call will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of these measures with the most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our first quarter 2024 press release, which is available on the company's website under the Investors section.  
 With that, I would like to turn the call over to our CEO, Sarah London. Sarah? 
Sarah London: Thanks, Jen, and thanks, everyone, for joining us as we discuss our first quarter 2024 results. 
 This morning, we reported first quarter adjusted EPS of $2.26, ahead of our previous expectations for the period. As a result of this strong start to the year, we are increasing our full year 2024 adjusted EPS guidance to greater than $6.80. Drew will cover the quarter and our updated financial outlook in further detail in a few moments. While there is still more work to do, we are pleased with the first quarter results, and we'll look to harness the positive momentum we are generating in our core businesses as we move through the balance of the year.  
 In 2024, Centene's focus remains on our work to streamline and modernize the underlying infrastructure of our company and to assemble the people, processes and tools necessary to deliver best-in-class experiences to our members, providers, regulators and state partners. Let me share a couple of examples of progress here. 
 During the first quarter, we completed an important initiative to simplify our prior authorization process by automating our real-time source data. This simplification improves the timeliness of authorization decisions, ensuring our members get the care they need quickly and removing friction from the process overall for both members and providers.  
 Q1 also saw the accumulation of months of thoughtful and thorough go-live preparation in Oklahoma. Our team obtained perfect scores in our readiness review from the state, and we are thrilled to be serving Oklahomans statewide as of April 1. 
 Finally, our improved operational agility also allowed Centene to mobilize quickly in support of our members and provider partners in the wake of the Change Healthcare cybersecurity incident. This included launching a national provider outreach campaign that spans Centene's provider network across all products, Medicaid, Medicare and Marketplace, and has included targeted efforts to support those disproportionately impacted by the outage, including FQHCs, safety net hospitals, rural health clinics and behavioral health providers. We appreciate the focus on and support for last-mile providers from HHS and CMS throughout this process as these clinicians represent a critical component of the infrastructure through which our members access high-quality health care.  
 Now on to our business lines. We are roughly 90% of the way through redeterminations, and our Medicaid franchise continues to demonstrate resilience as we navigate the complexities of this unprecedented process. As you can see from today's release, our first quarter membership tracked slightly higher than our expectation at Investor Day in December. Overall, we continue to be well guided with respect to membership and rate by the projection model we built state by state more than a year ago and that we continue to refine as we move through the redeterminations process.  
 As we've noted before, 2024 represents an important year for blocking and tackling through acuity shifts and corresponding rate discussions with our state partners to ensure we are positioned to provide high-quality services for our members. We are actively engaged in that process and are seeing solid results thus far with opportunities still ahead. As we move through the remainder of the year, we expect these discussions to increasingly represent the regular back-and-forth dialogue we maintain with our state partners in the normal course of managing the dynamics around each individual Medicaid program we serve.  
 At the same time, we have been executing on important reprocurements, and the early months of 2024 delivered notable data points. Most of the key RFP results are now public, positioning us well to generate continued Medicaid growth in a post-redeterminations world. Centene reprocured one of our largest contracts with the recent announcement of intended awards by the state of Florida. Although the protest period is ongoing, Centene is well positioned based on Florida's determination that Sunshine Health is among those that will provide best value to the state.  
 In Michigan, we were thrilled to be selected to continue serving the vast majority of our existing membership with some opportunity to grow. And we look forward to our continued collaboration with the state. 
 In Texas, our protest remains ongoing. We are honored to have served Texans for 25 years and intend to defend Superior Health's ability to provide access to affordable and high-quality health care for our members in the Lone Star state.  
 We are proud of the way our health plans and business development team have delivered so far during this critical cycle of reprocurements. The Centene value proposition remains a powerful one, built on more than 4 decades of experience serving Medicaid communities, an unwavering local approach and a commitment to innovation in the services and support we bring to our members. We are honored to provide access to care as well as community-based support to improve the lives of those we serve in 31 states across the country.  
 Moving to Medicare. The Medicare Advantage macro landscape remains challenging. Consistent with our prior view, we see final 2025 funding levels as insufficient with respect to general medical cost trend expectations. Drew will provide some early commentary around our strategy to navigate Medicare in 2025 as a result. 
 Medicare Advantage STAR ratings remain the single most powerful lever to drive performance in this vital business and continue to represent a top priority across the organization. As we drive to our goal of 85% of members in 3.5 STAR contracts by October of 2025, we continue to see improved progress and stability in our performance and expect those to be reflected in our results come October. 
 We are tracking year-over-year improvements in our core operations as well as in the ways we support our members as they receive care. And we are carrying forward this positive momentum into 2024 as our teams are clearly focused and aligned on quality.  
 Longer term, Medicare Advantage remains an important business for Centene. The strategic link between Medicare and Medicaid has only become more explicit since our last earnings call. Recent CMS rule-making included final requirements to better coordinate dual special needs plans, or D-SNP, participation with important milestones beginning in 2027. By the end of the decade, a Medicaid footprint will be a prerequisite to D-SNP growth. Centene is perfectly positioned to gain positive momentum from this growing bond between Medicare and Medicaid.  
 Finally, Marketplace. This business continues to represent a unique and powerful growth segment for Centene, and our teams are executing well against the opportunity. With approximately 4.3 million Marketplace lives at the end of the first quarter, Centene's Marketplace membership has more than doubled in size compared to just 2 short years ago. This exceptional growth has been accompanied by consistent margin expansion as our deep product knowledge and staying power in the market enable us to forecast pretax margins well within our targeted range of 5% to 7.5% for 2024. 
 We are pleased with the traction our Ambetter health products are generating and see additional room to expand the reach of Health Insurance Marketplace offerings overall. In 2024, the source of our membership growth is widely diversified. Based on a survey we conducted following open enrollment, nearly 40% of new members identify as previously uninsured. Approximately 25% joined us from another Marketplace carrier, and approximately 10% chose Ambetter after losing access to an employer-sponsored plan. This is in addition to those members who selected Ambetter after losing Medicaid coverage. 
 As we look to the future of Marketplace, we expect new member growth to be driven by an increasingly addressable and accessible uninsured population and the evolution occurring as employers consider alternative options for providing employer-sponsored insurance.  
 Centene has been rapidly evolving as an organization over the last 2 years. We have been resolute in creating focus, trimming the organization down to the core strategic assets that give us the strongest platform for future growth. We are executing against our strategic plans, fortifying and modernizing our infrastructure and successfully delivering access to affordable, high-quality health care for millions of Americans. Our strong first quarter results demonstrate the power of our diversified earnings drivers as we deliver on our financial commitments, maintain our posture of disciplined capital deployment and continue to invest to support long-term growth.  
 As always, we want to thank our nationwide workforce of nearly 60,000 for showing up every day committed to improving the lives of our members and transforming the health of the communities we serve. This CenTeam is the engine that ultimately powers our results and amplifies our impact.  
 With that, let's turn the call over to Drew for more details around our performance in the first quarter and our updated financial outlook for 2024. Drew? 
Andrew Asher: Thank you, Sarah. Today, we reported first quarter 2024 results, including $36.3 billion in premium and service revenue and adjusted diluted earnings per share of $2.26 in the quarter, 7% higher than Q1 of 2023. This result was better than our expectations, and we are increasing full year 2024 adjusted EPS guidance by $0.10 to greater than $6.80. This quarter is a good example of the benefit of a diversified business with multiple levers to drive results.  
 Our Q1 consolidated HBR was 87.1%, which is right on track for our full year guidance. Here's an example of the benefit of that diversification since we provide you with transparency into the line of business components. Medicaid at 90.9% was a little higher in the quarter than we expected as we continue to work through the appropriate matching of rates and acuity in the short term. Redeterminations are certainly front and center in the acuity rate match process, but getting the right match for other circumstances such as states changing pharmacy programs or behavioral health practices are also important initiatives in a handful of states.  
 On the other hand, our commercial HBR at 73.3% was a little better than we had planned in the quarter driven by the continued strength of our Marketplace business. And our Medicare segment at 90.8% was right on track in the quarter. All of this netting out to 87.1%, a good result.  
 Going a little bit deeper into each of our business lines. Medicaid membership at 13.3 million members was slightly better than the 13.2 million members we forecasted as of Q1 -- for Q1 as of our Investor Day. Drivers of membership for the remainder of the year include, one, new wins such as Oklahoma and Arizona LTSS; two, the return of slight growth in markets once redeterminations are complete, plus the rejoiners dynamic; net of, three, the substantial wind-down of redeterminations over the next 3 to 4 months. Upon reforecasting the sloping of membership and revenue for 2024, including Q1 membership being a little bit higher than planned, we added $1 billion of Medicaid premium revenue to our 2024 guidance. The overall composite rate is running a little above the 2.5% we last referenced, and we have over 75% member month rate visibility into the 2024 calendar year.  
 Regardless of the temporary work to match rates and acuity, our long-term goal remains to return to the high 89s HBR as we look out over the 2025, 2026 time frame. All things considered, we are pretty pleased with the performance of our Medicaid business 1 year into a very complex redetermination process. And as Sarah covered, we cannot be more pleased with our performance in recent Florida and Michigan Medicaid RFPs. The Texas protest process still needs to play out.  
 Our commercial business performed very well in the quarter in terms of both growth and HBR. Consistent with previous comments, we grew from 3.9 million Marketplace members at year-end to 4.3 million at the end of Q1. For the past 2 years, we have consistently delivered a combination of growth, coupled with improving margin. Our guidance assumes that we stay at 4.3 million Marketplace members for the rest of 2024. If we can grow during the special enrollment period, which we've been able to do in the past 2 years, there would be upside to our premium and service revenue guidance. So stay tuned.  
 Our current 2024 guidance assumes about $16 billion of Medicare Advantage revenue, representing 12% of total premium and service revenue guidance, and approximately $4 billion of PDP revenue. I previously mentioned at a conference that Medicare inpatient authorizations were higher than expected in January and February. March authorizations ended up being lower than February, though still elevated from Q4. And Medicare outpatient trend continues at the elevated level we first saw in Q2 of 2023, though reasonably steady. 
 Nonetheless, the performance in the quarter for the Medicare segment was in line with our expectations, and our full year view has not changed. We had good performance with our new pharmacy cost structure and executed well on other operating levers.  
 As we look ahead, I feel like we are making 2025 decisions with our eyes wide open: inpatient and outpatient trends, complex pharmacy changes from the Inflation Reduction Act, an insufficient 2025 rate environment based upon the final rate notice and a risk model being phased in beginning in 2024 that is punitive to partial and full duals. It also seems like many of our peers should have more religion in setting benefits at sustainable levels given these headwinds.  
 I'll repeat what I said on the mic at a conference in March. To accomplish our strategic goals with our Medicare Advantage business, it doesn't matter if we ultimately level off at $14 billion, $15 billion or $16 billion of Medicare Advantage revenue. What is strategically important is the alignment with Medicaid and those complex populations we want to serve, especially given where the puck is heading with regulations pulling duals and Medicaid closer together. We're still in the process of making 2025 county-by-county decisions, and we'll finalize and submit Medicare bids in early June. So we'll provide you with more 2025 Medicare commentary on our Q2 call. 
 We expect Medicare to be a good business for us in the long run, and it's an important part of our overall portfolio. We need to deliver on STARS improvements, clinical levers and SG&A actions over the next few years, and those efforts remain on track.  
 Going to other P&L and balance sheet items. Our adjusted SG&A expense ratio was 8.7% in the first quarter, consistent with our updated mix of business, including growth in Marketplace. Cash flow used in operations was $456 million for Q1, primarily driven by net earnings, more than offset by the timing of risk corridor payments, a delay in March's premium payment from one of our large state partners subsequently received in early April and slower receipt of pharmacy rebates as we transitioned to a new third-party PBM in January of 2024. 
 From January 1 through mid-April, we repurchased 3.4 million shares of our common stock for $251 million. Our share repurchase goal for 2024 is unchanged at $3 billion to $3.5 billion. Our debt to adjusted EBITDA was 2.9x at quarter end, consistent with year-end. And during Q1, we were pleased to maintain our S&P BBB- rating under the updated S&P rating model. 
 Our medical claims liability at quarter end represented 53 days in claims payable, down 1 day from Q1 and Q4 of 2023. DCP was actually up due to Change Healthcare claims receipt delays, then back down due to an acceleration of state-directed payments to providers and lower pharmacy invoices outstanding at quarter end. You'll see in the reserve table that our 2024 Medicare Advantage PDR is up $50 million in the quarter. This progression in the 2024 PDR was expected and planned for due to quarterly seasonality in Medicare Advantage.  
 Though it's early in the year, we are comfortable adding $1 billion of premium and service revenue and $0.10 of adjusted EPS to our 2024 guidance. You'll also see some mechanical changes to total revenue driven by pass-through premium taxes and the GAAP effective tax rate due to the Circle divestiture. We also expect investment income to be a little bit above our previous forecast of $1.4 billion while still providing for a few rate cuts in 2024.  
 Q1 was a quarter of momentum. We put another quarter of redeterminations behind us. We reprocured one of our largest contracts and are well positioned in Florida. We executed well in the Marketplace annual enrollment period and put up a strong quarter of both growth and margin. We delivered on the January 1 PBM conversion, and our businesses and customers are benefiting from an improved cost structure. We continue to advance our multiyear operational improvements, and Centene continues to attract talent. And all of this resulted in strong Q1 results and increased 2024 guidance.  
 While there is plenty more to achieve, we are off to a good start in 2024.  
 Thank you for your interest in Centene. Rocco, please open the line up for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Today's first question comes from Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America. 
Kevin Fischbeck: I just wanted to go into your margin commentary on the exchanges because, I guess, from our expectations too, it came in a little bit better. I guess that's the fastest-growing part of your business, which always potentially lowered the visibility into claims receipts. And obviously, you had a change going on at the same time. So I mean, I guess, how comfortable are you -- or what points do you look at to give you comfort that, that MLR outperformance is true and durable rather than potentially some issue around rapid membership growth or change disruption? 
Sarah London: Yes. Thanks, Kevin. I think 2 important points there. One is just the confidence in the overall HBR. And I think as we look back over the last 2 cycles, we have seen rapid growth in the market overall and, obviously, growth in our book. It's more than doubled in the last 2 years. And I think we've tracked very well to the HBR implications of that. So understanding where SEP growth may have pressured margins in year, but then the fact that the sophomore effect of that growth that we accumulated last year starts to play out this year is consistent with our expectations. 
 So again, I think the team has demonstrated a really solid ability to track the moving parts, which gives us confidence in the performance of that book. We've also, as we've talked about in the past, implemented a really strong program around clinical initiatives. And so that has continued to mature, which I think also helps overall management of the book. 
 And then relative to the visibility on change, maybe I'll just hit that sort of broadly because I think that question probably applies across lines of business, and as I said in my remarks, just incredibly proud of how the teams mobilized here in our response, demonstrating operational agility prioritizing member access to care and then a huge push around getting out to providers and finding every way possible to get them reconnected as fast as possible so that they could get paid and they can support our members, which is priority #1. And then, of course, we can have the visibility that we need.  
 And on that point, throughout that process, we had very solid visibility from an inpatient perspective because [ OPPS ] were not disturbed at any point during that process. Centene also has a long-standing practice of using received claims, not paid, which Drew has talked about before. And so outpatient visibility was good coming into that incident on a relative basis and then being able to catch up quickly as a result of providers reconnected. So the highest point, we were missing mid-teens percentage of our claims. So by the time we closed the quarter, the impact was very modest, and we accounted for that in our financial processes. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Stephen Baxter at Wells Fargo. 
Stephen Baxter: I wanted to ask about the revised premium and service revenue guidance first. It seems like based on what you saw in the first quarter that you'd annualize to something closer to around $145 billion versus the revised guidance of $137 billion. So wondering if there's anything we should be keeping in mind. Just as another kind of call out, the Medicaid premiums in the quarter were well above our model. So I don't know if there's anything there that's influencing it.  
 And then from the Medicaid MLR perspective, how are you thinking about Medicaid MLR progression through the year from the starting point and the factors that are influencing that? 
Andrew Asher: Yes, Stephen, in Q1, we did have a fair amount of state-directed payments. In fact, some states, we believe, in response to the Change incident, accelerated a number of those. That actually also had about a 20-basis-point impact on our Q1 Medicaid HBR relative to our expectations of a normal level of state-directed payments. So that also showed up in our premium revenue. So you can't quite annualize Q1. 
 And there could be a little bit more -- we expect a little bit more redetermination attrition through Q2, maybe a little bit into Q3. But then on the flip side, we've got some growth coming in as well. So that would be the progression of Medicaid revenue throughout the rest of the year. 
 Medicare, probably a little bit more attrition throughout the year as we prepare for our 2025 bids and the bid decisions we're going to make in terms of where we want to emphasize, where we want to deemphasize products, PBPs, states, age contracts for '25. So we will probably have a little bit more attrition in Medicare Advantage as planned throughout the year. So those are some of the things to think through. 
 Marketplace, we're assuming flat at 4.3 million members. Hopefully, there is some upside there, to your point, in premium and service revenue if we can grow during the SEP. But we just didn't want to bet on that in guidance.  
 You also asked about Medicaid HBR. Yes, so we came in at 90.9% for the quarter. We definitely expect 20 of that sort of being pressed on by the state-directed payments above our expectations. But we've got some work to do. We've got initiatives to drive down the HBR from the Q1 level. Remember that half of our rates -- about half of our rates show up in that 7/1 to 10/1 time frame. I think that's a little bit higher distribution than the industry broadly in Medicaid. But so far, so good there in a number of cases. 
 And there's always states where we've got to make sure that we're presenting the data, whether it's a PBM carve-out or behavior health costs and changes in state practices that we're getting paid for that, but that's more normal course stuff. So we do expect to drive down that 90.9% throughout the rest of the year. 
Operator: And our next question today comes from Justin Lake with Wolfe Research. 
Justin Lake: First, I just wanted to ask given your update here, where do you expect your exchange margins to come in this year relative to your 5% to 7.5% target? And then more broadly, on your PDP strategy, right, they're getting a lot of questions here. There's a ton of changes coming in 2025. 
 Drew, would love to understand kind of how you see the moving parts for 2025. And maybe you could just tell us if you're going to take on a lot more liability, you're going to have to price up for things like bad debt. Can you tell us if -- even if your membership didn't change, how much more premium would you have? Like, how much premium do you have in '24? And then how much would you have in 2025 in terms of Part D premium? Just so we could think about the order of magnitude at flat membership. 
Sarah London: Thanks, Justin. Yes, as we said before, our expectation for Marketplace is that we will be well within our target 5% to 7.5% range in 2024. That has not changed. 
 And then I'll let Drew get into the details on PDP. 
Andrew Asher: Yes. So PDP, and I hit this at the Barclays conference, which -- for which the replay is available. But let me go over more of this because it's a really good question. And you're right, the impact of the Inflation Reduction Act, we had some of that this year in '24 -- 2024. But the real larger change is coming '25, to your point, Justin. So for '24, the direct subsidy went up for the first time since 2010, and it went from $2 to $29. And to your point, that drives revenue yield because the direct subsidy is what the federal government pays to the payer based upon all the payers' bids. 
 And so for '25, we actually think, now that we've gotten risk scores by member since that March conference, we can rip through the mechanics of cost share and the changes around how quickly the members can get to the maximum amount of pocket, it's likely more than $100 increase to that $29. And that's driven by, to your point, the catastrophic phase going from 20% to 60%. So we're underwriting that now. And the good news is we've been in this business since 2006. We've got all the data. So we're just taking a slice of risk that we've been administering anyhow. 
 I mentioned the member out of pocket. You had to think through that and any behavior changes in the members. Very good point on the bad debt. Hopefully, people are thinking about that, the MPPP program, where the members can essentially smooth out the cost share. You do have to assume, yes, some bad debt. We've got data from our Marketplace business that we're using to triangulate where we think that should be bid. And then manufacturer behavior with all the changes to the IRA impacting manufacturers, thinking about what they might do with some of their behaviors. 
 So you're right, all of that goes into the bid process, and it should drive the direct subsidy up significantly, which will drive the yield up. And we will think about the balance between membership retention in PDP because you're right. Naturally, that business is going to grow a fair amount from a revenue standpoint based upon the direct subsidy going up. So thanks for asking about that. 
Operator: And our next question today comes from Josh Raskin with Nephron. 
Joshua Raskin: I wanted to go back to Medicare Advantage and 2025 bid strategy with an understanding you're not going to submit your bids for another couple of months here. But would that allusion to $14 billion, $15 billion or $16 billion a suggestion that you would expect membership to be sort of flat to down based on what you know today? And then do you expect to book another PDR in terms of where you think margins would be for next year? 
 And then lastly, I heard some commentary. I don't think we've heard this before, sort of depending the idea that Medicare Advantage is still an important segment. But is there a scenario where MA is not a core operating business for Centene? I understand the advantage with the Medicaid footprint becoming more important. But is there a scenario where just contribution to earnings and even revenues is not large enough to justify the infrastructure? 
Sarah London: Yes. Thanks, Josh. Maybe I'll take the last question first and say that as we look at the landscape today the -- again, the tie between Medicare and Medicaid and what that produces in terms of long-term growth opportunity, we see as very compelling. And so we're always evaluating how the landscape changes, but we're very committed to rebuilding our Medicare franchise focused on the low-income complex members and using that to drive growth across both lines of business. Obviously see opportunity for earnings contribution and then longer-term growth in that business. 
 Relative to 2025, certainly a more challenging rate environment than I think most might have expected. But again, we're really focused on building a high-quality sort of durable franchise that will allow us to remain agile as the landscape shifts. What hasn't changed for us is -- and the things that we can control are STARS, as Drew said, the biggest lever being 2/3 of performance improvement for Medicare and then SG&A and clinical initiatives, which we remain focused on and are on track. 
 Obviously, too early, as you said, to discuss bid strategy. But we do continue to see volume as the lever as we sharpen the focus of the book, position to support those quality improvement efforts and make county-by-county decisions to improve profitability. I think it's also too early to weigh in on a PDR, but we're obviously taking into account all of the factors as we think about the guidance that we set and sort of the balance of the year as we come through finalizing those decisions over the next 6 to 8 weeks. 
Operator: And our next question today comes from Andrew Mok with Barclays. 
Andrew Mok: Just wanted to follow up on the Medicare MLR. And just given the strong growth in PDP combined with the strong MLR seasonality of that business, can you give us a sense for underlying trends there and how that's supposed to impact the balance of the year on the Medicare MLR? 
Andrew Asher: Yes. You're right on seasonality of the PDP business in our Medicare segment. So unlike a commercial business where you got deductibles in the beginning of the year and your HBR goes up through the year, it's the opposite in PDP. So we still feel good about the range around 90% for our Medicare segment HBR for the full year. 
 Underneath that trend, outpatient still elevated but consistent with that higher level since Q2 of '23. And we've got assumptions of that perpetuating throughout '24 embedded in our forecast. Inpatient, as I said earlier, a little bit of a tick-up in authorizations in January, February. It's good to see a little bit of relief in March relative to February, but still elevated relative to Q1. So we've thought about that going forward as well. 
 And then we've got good performance in Medicare. There's other clinical initiatives that we've been able to execute on and getting paid the right amount of revenue as well that have helped sort of curtail some of that inpatient authorization. So I feel pretty good about Q1 and expect that to sort of carry on through the year. 
Operator: And our next question today comes from Nathan Rich at Goldman Sachs. 
Nathan Rich: I wanted to stick on Medicare Advantage. I guess, I think duals are about 1/3 of your membership right now, and obviously, you highlighted the opportunity there. I guess could you give us a sense of maybe where margins are currently on that population relative to nonduals and when -- if you're thinking about changes that need to be made in terms of bid design for 2025, how you're approaching that population given the prioritizing and serving this population longer term? 
Sarah London: Yes, Nathan, thanks for the question. So we -- and we talked about this a little bit earlier this year, but we intentionally came into the 2024 cycle redesigning our product offerings with the duals population, again, low-income complex population more broadly in mind. And we're really pleased with how the team executed during AEP. And that is inclusive of product design, but it's also being really thoughtful about what distribution channels best reach those members and the experience that really drives loyalty among that population. 
 And so saw an uptick in the concentration of duals in our overall population in this AEP, consistent with what we were looking for. And I think that bodes well in terms of our team's ability to really understand that population to leverage the local knowledge that we have and that synergy across the Medicaid and Medicare population in serving these members, those local community resources that matter in terms of driving health outcomes. 
 So all that is to say, I think it bodes well in terms of being able to design products as we go into the 2025 cycle and drive further focus in the book on that population to continue to yield those members to whom we feel like we're going to deliver the best value over the long term. 
Operator: And our next question today comes from Sarah James at Cantor Fitzgerald. 
Sarah James: I wanted to go back to Medicare. So given where rates came out and your evolving strategy around overlapping footprint, do you still think the couple of hundred basis points of SG&A leverage on Medicare is the goal point? I think you guys rolled that out at I-Day. And then how do you think about the SG&A framework for your Medicare business overall? Because typically, I think about it being a couple of percent higher than Medicaid would run. But given the scale that you're targeting, is that still a fair ballpark for where the overhead costs would run for that business unit? 
Andrew Asher: Yes. So you're right. We need to take out, I said, at least 200 basis points of SG&A over the next few years to be -- to get to sort of where we want to get to in Medicare Advantage. And the plans are on track to do that. Think about -- WellCare had well below 1 million members, well below 1 million members when WellCare came into the Centene combination. And WellCare was at scale and operating effectively and efficiently. So the scale -- we're not really concerned about scale issues with Medicare even as we expect a little bit more attrition as we prioritize the strategic goals of being in Medicare and the tie-in to Medicaid, to your point, the footprint matching up as well as prioritizing margin recovery over the next few years, driven predominantly by STARS but other levers like SG&A that we're talking about here and clinical initiatives. 
 So it's certainly a much higher SG&A ratio than Medicaid because you've got distribution costs and open enrollment costs and things like that. And Marketplace is actually a little bit higher than Medicare itself. So that does mechanically work its way into our SG&A rate. So we're not concerned about being subscale in Medicare Advantage. We want that business to sit side by side with our Medicaid business to seize the opportunities of the future later on in the decade, and we'll power through 2025, even if that means some attrition. 
Operator: And our next question today comes from Gary Taylor at TD Cowen. 
Gary Taylor: Actually, I just kind of wanted to follow up, I guess, on that last comment for just a second. We're just looking at total employees down 12% sequentially, 8,000 sequentially. I was just trying to think through what the implications are sequentially into 2Q, 3Q in terms of G&A or even some of those employees might be medical support in the [ MedEx ] line. 
 And then just my second question would be just to clarify on the -- when we see the $50 million additional PDR for Medicare in the 10-Q, is that an additional $50 million that ran through the P&L this quarter and impacted the reported EPS and weighed on the reported Medicare MLR this quarter? 
Andrew Asher: Yes. Good questions. Most of the change in the employee base is the divestiture of Circle. That was pretty employee-intensive in Great Britain. So that was a result of divestiture. Although we are constantly managing the right amount of resources, it's our job to, on behalf of taxpayers, on behalf of the federal and state governments, managing efficiently, matching resources with the business that we have and trying to do that efficiently and effectively. But that big move was due to divestiture. 
 And you're right, the $50 million, while we expected it as we mapped out the seasonality of Medicare during the year, and that has the PDR sort of pushing up a little bit in Q2, maybe a little bit more in Q3 and then being relieved completely relative to the 2024 policy year in Q4, that $50 million did hit the P&L. It did make its way into the loss ratio for the Medicare segment. But it was exactly as -- it was as planned, so it wasn't a surprise to us. 
Operator: And our next question today comes from Cal Sternick with JPMorgan. 
Calvin Sternick: I had a couple of clarifications. First, on Medicaid, did you see fewer disenrolled members than you anticipated in the quarter? Or was there a higher reconnect rate? Just curious if you could give a little more color on what the drivers of the higher membership were in the quarter and how do you see those developing over the rest of the year relative to that 13.6 million membership number you previously guided to. 
 And then second, on the Medicare -- on the Medicaid composite rate, the 2.5%, just want to clarify, is that the core is running a little bit better than you expected? Or is that 2.5% inclusive of the accelerated state payments? 
Andrew Asher: Yes. On membership, we still expect to be in that mid-13s by year-end. And so I think 100,000-member difference on 13 point -- to 13.3 million, some may call rounding, but luckily, it's rounding in the right direction, right? But it's probably more timing of precision around redeterminations, and some of that will carry into Q2. And there's even a few states that will tail off into Q3 as they've stretched out the redetermination process. But all of that is in the mid-13s estimate of membership by year-end, which includes a couple of nice growth opportunities too that we seized, Oklahoma, which commenced 4/1. And as you heard in Sarah's remarks, that went really well operationally. And then subject to protest, the Arizona LTSS win, low membership but high revenue. 
 And then your question on composite rate, the 2.5%, yes, we're a little bit above that. And that's sort of an all-in view of a composite rate, whether the rate relates to acuity, whether the rate relates to redeterminations or just general trend. 
Operator: And our next question today comes from Scott Fidel with Stephens. 
Scott Fidel: Just had a couple of modeling questions that would be helpful. One, just on investment income, if you can sort of walk us towards what you view as sort of the run rate for the second quarter and for the balance of the year. I know there were a few gains included in the first quarter investment income. And then also on operating cash flow, obviously that was noisy in the first quarter for the reasons you mentioned. If you wouldn't mind just giving us an update on the full year CFFO expectation and then how you're thinking maybe about the second quarter given that you did get that state payment came in, in April. 
Andrew Asher: Yes. Investment income, if you peel away gains, we disclosed those throughout the Q, which we just filed. So understandably, you haven't ripped through that yet. You get a little bit over $400 million in the quarter. But you can't just multiply that by 4. We expect the full year to be above -- a little bit above the $1.4 billion that we guided to at Investor Day. But the difference between that and just annualizing is we've got multiple rate cut scenarios built into our forecast. Maybe those play out to be conservative, but the Federal Reserve will decide that. 
 You also saw that we had a lot of payables. Look at our balance sheet, we relieved a lot of payables in the quarter. We accelerated state-directed payments on behalf of our providers. So obviously, when you relieve payables and you're building up pharmacy rebate receivables, that has an impact on investment income as well. But pleased that we're going to come in -- we expect to come in a little bit above that $1.4 billion. 
 On the operating cash flow, as you know, in this business that bounces around quite a bit. A large state decides pay us on 4/2 versus 3/31, and you have a big flip between quarters. Just mentioned some things that impact cash flow as well, the timing of pharmacy rebate receivables or payable invoices. So it's sort of maybe a fool's errand to try to predict that quarter-to-quarter in terms of how that will play out. What really matters in this business is the dividends from subs, the cash flow, not only GAAP cash flow statement but the cash that comes from subsidiaries to parent such that we can deploy capital. And we expect that to pick up, as you'll see in the Q, over the next few quarters. And that will drive our capital deployment later in the year for share buyback and some debt -- a little bit of debt reduction as well. So that's what we're looking forward to. 
Operator: And our next question today comes from A.J. Rice at UBS. 
Albert Rice: A couple of quick things here. Appreciate the reiteration of the long-term target of the high 89s for your Medicaid HBR. I wondered, if you think you're finishing up on redeterminations largely in the second quarter, the disenrollments and maybe a little spills in the third quarter, when do you think you get visibility once and for all on how that whole process has impacted the risk pool? And are you still thinking -- I think at Investor Day, you said that you could get 30 basis points of margin improvement '24 and '25 in Medicaid. Is that still your thought at this point? 
Sarah London: Yes. Thanks, A.J. You're right. So we're 9 -- roughly 90% of the way through redeterminations from a membership standpoint. Obviously, the cumulative member months impact sort of trails that a little bit. And we do think that the tail of membership will run through Q2 and Q3 and sort of largely be complete by that point. 
 I would say the nice thing is that I don't think that we have seen -- we've not had to wait to see sort of the shifting risk pool. We've been watching that really closely, and that's part of the preparation of the team did leading into this process over a year ago, which allowed us to have those proactive modeling conversations with our state partners through the rate cycles in the last year. And we're mirroring that same process as we move through the rate updates that Drew talked about between 7/1 and 10/1. 
 And so really sort of trying to address the bolus of any dislocation between rate and acuity in that cycle, but obviously leaving open, as we said before, the idea that some of that tailwind of margin will get picked back up in '25 and possibly trailing a little bit into '26. And that's where we see the recovery in terms of that basis point on the margin. 
Operator: And our next question today comes from Dave Windley with Jefferies. 
David Windley: So just maybe a brief one on that last comment, last point. On the rate visibility, I think you called out 75%. You talked about matching acuity which, Sarah, you just commented on. Is the matching of acuity and getting those payments squared up, is -- should we think about that being in the remaining 25% that you don't have rate visibility on yet? Or are you expecting some amount of kind of retro catch-up from states where you actually have already had rate discussions? And just kind of understanding the mix of that is what I'm hoping to do. 
Sarah London: Yes -- okay. 
Andrew Asher: Okay. Sorry. The 75% is a member month view of what we know for the 2024 calendar year member months, and the 25% would be there's 7/1 rates we don't know. We certainly don't know 9/1 or 10/1 rates, but they have a limited impact on the 2024 calendar year. To the macro point, we need -- ultimately, we're going to need to have rates match acuity, and that -- we expect that to shake out. It may not be perfect in this rate cycle, which means sort of the 2025, 2026 time period is when we would expect to get back into the high 89s based upon today's mix of business. 
 So there might be a couple of retros. It seems like different companies have different definitions of retro. We're only waiting on a couple of retros. There might be adjustments going forward where the state realizes and their actuaries, "Hey, we missed the mark last time. Let me fix this going forward." But we are still expecting a couple of retros as we talked about at Investor Day and on the Q1 call. 
 But it's largely getting the rates correct and matching acuity going forward. And that's why we're not expecting to move into the -- back into the high 89s immediately. It may take a rate cycle or so. But that does remain a margin expansion opportunity. On a company that's performing well on a consolidated basis, actually that creates some capacity for margin expansion in Medicaid as we look at '25, '26. 
Sarah London: Yes. And the only thing I would add, which is just that as we've watched the team sort of work through the complexity of this process where we have encountered those targeted dislocations, I've just been really impressed with how our teams have stepped up to that dialogue. There is clarity on the drivers. It's a very data-driven approach. They've clearly built really solid collaborative dialogue with our state partners and are really solutions-oriented in how they step into those conversations. And so I think building credibility with our state partners as we work through this process has been consistent throughout and, I think, again sort of creates the framework to get back to a matching state and get that tailwind opportunity. 
Operator: And our next question today comes from George Hill with Deutsche Bank. 
George Hill: Just 2 quick ones for me. I guess as you talked about the progress and the STARS goals for 2025, I would just love, at a high level, if you could talk about kind of the strategy and the progress towards achieving that goal. And Drew, as you were talking about kind of all the changes to Part D for 2025, I didn't hear you talk about the new Part D risk model. I would just be interested if you could make quick comments on how you think the new risk model in Part D kind of impacts the ability to drive revenue in that part of the business. 
Sarah London: Sure. Thanks, George. So quality, obviously a top priority for the organization regardless of line of business. But we remain very focused on STARS because of the impact it has for the Medicare trajectory. Very pleased with the work underway, engagement across the organization. We're leveraging a comprehensive governance process, and that has given us great visibility in terms of progress on initiatives at a detailed level. 
 Based on what we know today, we believe that we have maintained last year's progress and made additional advancements on admin and ops programs and metrics, which, you'll remember, was sort of the focus in the first cycle. And then in this past cycle, HEDIS and CAHPS were most in focus for us. We're in the middle of those processes. Those will wrap up in the next 30 to 60 days. We also have TTY that's still in flight. 
 So those are the last pieces that will land here towards the end of Q2 and then allow us to sort of rerun projections with a high degree of -- higher degree of confidence as we look to October. And so expect more detail in terms of what we're looking for in October on the Q2 call. But overall, just really pleased with how the team continues to show up, and again, alignment across the organization that this is a critical priority. 
Andrew Asher: Yes. And you're absolutely right. The risk model bifurcation between PDP and MAPD, that's a factor as well that needs to be worked into the bid cycle. And I think I did mention that we were able to run risk scores by member and the mechanics and how that rips through the -- not just the risk scores but also the timing of members with cost share and getting to the maximum out of pocket, or the MOOP. Those are all important things to think about. And really, the message is -- that's why there's reason for cautiousness for the industry in bidding PDP for 2025. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Lance Wilkes with Bernstein. 
Lance Wilkes: Can you talk a little bit about the PBM migration? And in particular, I was interested in if all the savings levers turned on, on January 1, if there should be a ramp of that over the course of the year with things like formulary alignment, et cetera, and if any of that might spill into '25. And maybe then as a broader question, just on your ongoing dialogues with states, how are they looking at GLP-1s and kind of adding coverage to that? 
Sarah London: Thanks, Lance, for the question, mostly because I don't think I can brag enough about our pharmacy team and the phenomenal job they did in such a massive undertaking. We've talked before about how well that went, January 1. But I think everybody who's been through something that significant knows that you don't just drop the mic the next day. And so these folks have continued to work tirelessly over the last couple of months to make sure that, that process just gets smoother and smoother for our members. We've had great collaboration with ESI. And so trajectory on that front just continues to be really positive. 
 And then I'll let Drew talk a little bit about the step-up in the economics and some of the GLP-1 activity. 
Andrew Asher: Yes. So we didn't want to wait for economics. So we do have a stairstep benefit on behalf of our state and federal customers and our members as of 1/1/24. But we're constantly working with our partner at ESI to figure out ways to deliver value to our customers and manage costs. So we expect sort of normal course improvements from that point forward, and we'll continue to try to drive efficiencies in the pharmacy ecosystem. 
 On GLP-1s, not a lot of uptake yet by states. There's a couple of states where -- have decided to allow GLP-1s for the weight loss indication. Obviously, GLP-1s for the diabetes indication, we could see the volume coming through there. But for the weight loss indication, there's only a couple, and we're quick to go share the data with them to show them what it's costing them, but it's not that material to the company as a whole. And that's where the states control the formulary, the preferred drug list and make the decisions that we then administer and take risk for. And we just need to make sure that the states have the data so they can match rates with the cost that they choose to allow in their benefit plans. 
Operator: And this concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Sarah London for any closing remarks. 
Sarah London: Thanks, Rocco, and thanks, everyone. Appreciate the time and interest this morning. Overall, we are pleased with how we're powering through a dynamic landscape and with the progress that we've demonstrated so far. So appreciate you joining us, and we'll see you next quarter. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. We thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-06 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Centene fourth quarter and full year 2023 earnings results conference call.  All participants will be in listen-only mode. Should you need assistance, please signal a conference specialist by pressing the star key followed by zero.  After todays presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. To ask a question, you may press star then one on your telephone keypad. To withdraw your question, please press star then two.  Please note todays event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jenn Gilligan, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, maam.
Jenn Gilligan: Thank you Rocco and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us on our fourth quarter and full year earnings results conference call. Sarah London, Chief Executive Officer, and Drew Asher, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Centene will host this mornings conference call, which also can be accessed through our website at centene.com. Ken Fasola, Centenes President will also be available as a participant during Q&A. Any remarks that Centene may make about future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for the purpose of the Safe Harbor provision under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by those forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in Centenes most recent Form 10-K filed on February 21, 2023 and other public SEC filings. Our Form 10-K for 2023 will be filed in coming weeks. Centene anticipates that subsequent events and developments may cause its estimates to change. While the company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so.  This call will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of these measures with the most direct comparable GAAP measures can be found in our fourth quarter 2023 press release, which is available on the companys website under the Investor section. The company is unable to provide a reconciliation of certain 2024 measures to the corresponding GAAP measures without unreasonable effort to due to the difficulty of predicting the timing and amounts of various items within a reasonable range.  With that, I would like to turn the call over to our CEO, Sarah London. Sarah?
Sarah London: Thanks Jenn, and good morning everyone. Today, we reported a strong finish to a very productive 2023. Fourth quarter results include adjusted earnings per share of $0.45, generating full year 2023 adjusted EPS of $6.68. The quarterly and full year EPS results were slightly ahead of internal expectations and provide the organization with positive momentum as we head into 2024. Weve been planning for and talking about 2024 for a while, and now that were here, were focused on positioning each of our lines of business for long term growth while continuing the important work to fortify our platform as we prepare for 2025 and beyond. Specifically, we are working through the tail of the redeterminations process, positing Centene to resume organic enrolment growth in Medicaid and to pursue new program opportunities from a position of strength. We are solidifying our Medicare Advantage footprint thanks to an annual enrolment period that largely hit the mark with respect to our target membership, including sales, retention and dis-enrollments, and we are capturing a powerful growth opportunity and marketplace, demonstrated by the increased revenue guidance we issued this morning. We recognize that amid these opportunities, we still have valuable bottom line work to do, and we are approaching that work with the same focus and disciplined execution that has defined the first two years of this management teams tenure. In fact, Centene wasted no time setting the tone for 2024 by successfully delivering what we believe to be the largest ever PBM platform migration and improving our pharmacy cost structure on behalf of our customers and members. We have processed more than 40 million scripts so far through ESI and are pleased with the way this massive undertaking has rolled out. There is always a period of issue management after a change of this magnitude, and the teams have worked tirelessly and collaboratively to prioritize member access to care during this transition. We will continue to closely monitor end-to-end processing and customer service as we move through the year. Additionally in January, Centene closed the divestiture of Circle Health, the last of our international assets, and the company can now focus solely on our domestic core businesses. Circle marks the tenth divestiture since we began the portfolio review process in late 2021, and we are pleased to have purposefully streamlined our enterprise while keeping the portfolio of divestitures net accretive to earnings and generating cash for deployment. In the broader context of value creation, our SG&A initiatives remain on track to exceed our original savings goals, and we continue to identify opportunities to drive operating efficiency through modernization and process improvement. Annual enrolment periods for both marketplace and Medicare also contribute to our confidence in Centenes 2024 positioning. Continued pricing discipline in marketplace and the deliberate actions we took to align our 2024 Medicare bids with our strategic focus on lower income and complex members yielded the intended results on both fronts.  Marketplace growth was more robust than anticipated, fueled by better than anticipated overall market growth as individual commercial offerings continued to gain traction with an expanding consumer set. As such, we expect to deliver both growth and our planned margin expansion in marketplace in 2024. Together, these dynamics position us well to achieve our 2024 adjusted earnings per share guidance of greater than $6.70.  With that, lets dig deeper into each of our core business lines. Within Medicaid, we have delivered important proof points around the power of incumbency while navigating the unprecedented dynamics of redeterminations. In December, we were awarded the Arizona LTSS contract that will expand our footprint in serving complex populations in that state. That same month, we added approximately 90,000 members to our care and coverage through the successful go-live of Medicaid expansion in North Carolina, and in early January we successful re-procured our New Hampshire contract, earning the top score in the Granite State among competitors. Our uniquely local footprint fosters important and trusted relationships with the communities and state partners we serve, and continues to differentiate us as we retain and grow our largest business.  Turning to redeterminations, the process continues to track largely in line with our expectations. As of year end, we were approximately 80% of the way through the projected member transitions and, consistent with our modeling, we ended 2023 right around 14.4 million Medicaid members. Our health plan presidents along with our Medicaid actuarial teams continue to work in concert with our state partners to monitor the riskful impact of membership changes and calibrate rates to match acuity in the near term. To that end, we received some but not all of the outstanding 2023 retrospective rate adjustments we mentioned during our December investor day before year end, and we still feel good about our 2024 Medicaid guidance as we sit here in early February. While Medicare has been a hot topic for the industry of late, we are pleased that the annual enrolment period played out largely as expected for Centene, and our 2024 financial projections for Medicare remain unchanged from investor day. Duals, or DSNP members have grown as a percentage of our Medicare enrolment as thoughtful benefit design changes allowed us to invest in and effectively refocus our book on members to whom we have the strongest ability to provide long term value. We expect DSNP members to represent more than 35% of our Medicare Advantage membership by year end, an important step relative to our strategic plan. As an organization, we remain laser focused on advancing our Medicare quality agenda. We made progress on a number of initiatives in 2023 that create positive momentum as we continue to execute in 2024. This includes expanding our member outreach capacity, which ultimately allows us to conduct over 1.1 million preventive service outreach calls, reach 80% more members, and schedule 62 more appointments year-over-year. At the same time, we invested in digital data and provider connectivity, successfully deploying direct EMR connectivity to over 640,000 provider practices; and finally, we continue to drive core administrative and customer experience performance with service levels remaining in the high 90s through Q4.  All of these efforts are important contributors to our long term stars performance goals. In 2024, as planned, we will continue to invest in this space with an obvious focus on Medicare Advantage star ratings, but with an approach that will drive benefit across lines of business.  With respect to Medicare utilization, as you heard from us in December, our 2024 bids incorporate a level of elevated medical trend related to non-inpatient services. To date, based on our full year and fourth quarter claims experience, we continue to view our pricing posture as adequate to support our 2024 Medicare outlook.  Preliminary Medicare Advantage rates for 2025 were released last week. Bearing in mind the continued expectation for the multi-year phase-in of the risk adjustment model change that was finalized in 2023, we view the preliminary rates as insufficient with respect to general medical cost trend expectations. Drew will provide some additional thoughts on the preliminary rate in a moment. As this audience is well aware, we will receive final Medicare Advantage rates for 2025 in early April, and at the time of our first quarter call, we will have a better directional sense for bid strategy related to next year. Finally, marketplace. As youve heard from us with increasing enthusiasm in recent months, marketplace presents Centene with a unique opportunity for simultaneous revenue growth and margin expansion in 2024. Overall, market growth was stronger than expected during this open enrolment period and we successfully capture our target market share of the expanded pie, netting to stronger than expected OEP results for the company. Within our 4.3 million member footprint as of January, our market share increased to roughly 26%, up from 23% previously, serving as another proof point of our leadership in the space. This strong enrolment result is driving the $2.5 billion increase to our full year 2024 premium and service revenue guidance. Membership mix continues to skew slightly younger, consistent with the year-over-year trend we saw last year, and distribution across middle tiers is consistent with our expectations with silver plans representing the majority of our enrolment. One driver of overall marketplace growth has been members impacted by Medicaid redeterminations. On that front, we continue to trend towards the top half of our previously provided guidance range of 200,000 to 300,000 re-determined lives captured by Ambetter. Ultimately, the individual commercial market represents a strategic opportunity for Centene and we are excited to enable the expanding reach of these offerings as the demands of the market evolve. While the dynamic businesses Centene operates in continue to ebb and flow, the strength and diversification of our government-sponsored healthcare platform creates resiliency. We see tremendous opportunity for our core products, both near and long term. We will continue to execute against these opportunities to improve health outcomes for our members, generate profitable growth, and drive shareholder return.  Before I turn it over to Drew, I want to take just a moment to thank the entire Centene team for how you showed up in 2023 on behalf of our members and our partners. I am honored to work alongside you in 2024 as we make this company stronger every day and transform the health of the communities we serve one person at a time. With that, I will hand the call over to Drew for more details around our financial performance and 2024 outlook.
Drew Asher: Thank you Sarah. Today, we reported fourth quarter 2023 results, including $35.3 billion in premium and service revenue and adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.45 in the quarter. For the full year, we reported $6.68 of adjusted EPS, growth of over 15% compared to 2022, including a 5.5% beat to our original 2023 guidance, and thats on the heels of growing adjusted EPS 12% in 2022 compared to 2021.  Our Q4 consolidated HBR was 89.5% while our full year consolidated HBR was 87.7%, both in the range of our expectations. Medicaid at 90.0% for the full year was slightly higher than our expectations. As of Q3, we were 89.9% year-to-date and we posted 90.6% in the fourth quarter. As we mentioned at our investor day in December, there were some open Medicaid retro rate adjustments. At year end, had we received those adjustments, our full year 2023 Medicaid HBR would have been about 10 basis points better.  All things considered, over nine months into redeterminations, our original forecasts for membership, acuity and rates were very close. As you can see in the membership tables, we were at 14.47 million Medicaid members at year end, consistent with the 14.4 million we were forecasting, as shared in the investor day appendix. That reflects an approximate 1.9 million Medicaid member reduction since 3/31/23 due to redeterminations, as expected. To reiterate what we laid out at investor day, our 2024 guidance reflects a low point of 13.2 million Medicaid members at 3/31/24 and year-end 2024 membership of approximately 13.6 million. That all ties to our 2024 midpoint of $80.5 billion of Medicaid premium revenue, so no changes to our 2024 view of Medicaid revenue, membership or HBR. Medicare full year HBR was 87.1%, which includes the $250 million premium deficiency reserve recorded in the fourth quarter that we first discussed with you back in April of 2023.  On Medicare trend, we continue to see steady but elevated levels of outpatient trend consistent with what we began to see in Q2 and consistent with our forecasts. We also saw a pick-up of COVID costs in December, as we mentioned in early January, though not alarming compared to prior COVID cycles. We thought about the current level of trend when we booked the 2024 PDR and continue to believe our forecasts are consistent with delivering our 2024 Medicare segment guidance elements outlined at investor day. To help you with some math, the $250 million premium deficiency reserve lifted the fourth quarter Medicare segment HBR by approximately 475 basis points, and the full year Medicare HBR by approximately 110 basis points.  The commercial HBR at 79.8% for the full year continues to be strong. Simultaneously in Q4, we were also capturing growth from both redeterminations and the special enrolment period, and we were up to 3.9 million marketplace members as of year end - that is the source of the strong premium growth in the fourth quarter. As you heard from Sarah, we couldnt be more pleased with the growth that continued into January 2024, up to approximately 4.3 million members. This continued growth and HBR performance in 2023 sets us up very well to achieve our 2024 marketplace goals. Moving to other P&L and balance sheet items, our adjusted SG&A expense ratio was 9.7% in the fourth quarter compared to 9.3% last year, consistent with our updated mix of business along with Medicare distribution costs. Cash flow provided by operations was $8.1 billion for the full year, representing 2.2 times adjusted net earnings. This was primarily driven by net earnings, and increase in risk adjustment payable for marketplace, and the timing of pass-through payments. Our unregulated and unrestricted cash on hand at year end was approximately $200 million. During the fourth quarter, we repurchased 397,000 shares of our common stock for $27 million. For the full year 2023, we repurchased 22.9 million shares for $1.58 billion, a little over our goal of $1.5 billion. Our debt to adjusted EBITDA was 2.9 times at year end. Our medical claims liability totaled $18.0 billion at year end and represents 54 days in claims payable compared to 53 in Q3 of 2023, and 54 in Q4 of 2022.  Looking back at 2023, it was a very good year of execution. We beat original adjusted EPS by 5.5%. We bought back 4% of the companys shares for a cumulative total of over 10% since Q1 of 2022. We continue to execute on divestitures. We completed five divestitures in 2023, closed the divestiture of Circle in January of 2024, and received approximately $850 million in net proceeds in January. In total, we have completed 10 divestitures and are close to wrapping up that successful phase of value creation. On January 1, 2024, as Sarah mentioned, we successfully executed on our PBM conversion. RFPing and moving PBMs has become one of our core competencies, and as a result of that, we have improved our pharmacy cost structure on behalf of our members and customers, and weve doubled marketplace membership since year-end 2022 and fortified Ambetters number one position. 2023 - pretty good year! We had provided detailed 2024 financial guidance elements at our December investor day. Since then, weve gained some additional clarity around the AEP and OEP results in Medicare and marketplace. Medicare enrolment is tracking right in line with our expectations relative to both volume and product mix. I give the Medicare team credit for precision in sales, disenrollment and membership product mix forecasts, as well as execution in a challenging year.  While Medicare Advantage is only a $16 billion revenue stream for us, it represents a meaningful margin expansion opportunity as we improve stars over the next few years and begin to have that reflected in revenue in 2026 and beyond. To reinforce Sarahs comments on the 2025 advance notice, we are in the process of preparing our feedback with questions so far around the adequacy of fee for service trend and a new method for normalization that further reduced the rate. For us, the rate change as it sits today is approximately minus-1.3% before risk coding trend, and the new risk model introduced last year and thats being phased in still has a disproportionate negative effect on partial and full duals, the most vulnerable populations in Medicare.  Our marketplace chassis continues to be well positioned for both growth and margin. Marketplace growth is running ahead of our previous expectations, allowing us to raise our full year 2024 consolidated premium and service revenue guidance by $2.5 billion, which takes our guidance to a midpoint of $136 billion Appetite for marketplace products continues to be strong as these offerings successfully provide both healthcare access and affordability for millions of beneficiaries. At this very early point in the year, we are reiterating our 2024 adjusted EPS guidance of greater than $6.70. As we turn the page from 2023, we can quickly reflect back on our second strong year of execution from this management team and positive progression of the company. I couldnt be more excited to drive success with this team and provide affordable access to healthcare for our members in 2024 and beyond. Thank you for your interest in Centene. Rocco, you can open the line up, please.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator instructions] Todays first question comes from Stephen Baxter at Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Stephen Baxter: Yes, hi. Thanks for the question. I was hoping you could expand a little bit on the Medicare outlook embedded in your guidance. Its certainly a concern that cost in the fourth quarter could be coming in higher than expected, and you certainly reported in MLR that it was a bit above consensus, even ex- the PDR. That would seem to suggest, too, I think most that your Medicare assumptions for 2024 would be pressure, but youre saying thats not the case, so hoping you can expand on why that wouldnt be, and maybe some of the underlying trend assumptions that you factored into your guidance here. Thank you.
Sarah London: Sure, Stephen. Good morning, and thanks for the question. Yes, we still feel comfortable with how weve accounted for trend in the 2024 bids, and as you heard earlier, no change to 2024 Medicare guidance elements; but let me talk a little bit about what we saw throughout 2023 and underlying trends. Lets talk macro first and then we can talk Q4. From in inpatient utilization standpoint, that was pretty consistent throughout 2023 - very little variation quarter over quarter. Where we did see a step up, as we pointed to multiple times throughout the back half of the year, was in Q2 in outpatient, and underneath that, the drivers were fairly consistent through the last three quarters of the year, so orthopedics with DME on either side of that, cardiac and cardiovascular as a subclinical category, so those were pretty consistent full year. What was incremental in Q4, obviously the biggest item was taking a $250 million PDR. We also saw a COVID step-up between Q3 and Q4 and then sequentially month-over-month in the quarter. We also saw in Medicare only, ILI step up late in Q4. Both of those have come back down, as were seeing in January run-out data. We some RSV vaccine utilization in Q4, partly a function of our continued efforts to get seniors in for their preventative services visits - you heard me talk about that in my prepared remarks. That was also part of intentional investments we made in quality in Q4 as we prepared and positioned for 2024, which as you know is that critical third year in our cycle and our effort to get to 85% of members and 3.5 stars by October of 2025, so those are really the elements of both full year 23 and then in Q4, and again still feel comfortable with how weve accounted for overall trend in the 24 bids and no change to 24 guidance for Medicare.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today comes from Josh Raskin with Nephron Research. Please go ahead.
Josh Raskin: Yes, hi. Thanks. I was wondering if you could give us some color on the Medicare Advantage membership losses coming into the year. Im looking specifically at geographic mix relative to expectations, meaning did you lose the members where you expected, and then also were the balance of new sales and sort of gross losses consistent with expectations, retention, was that in line? Just any color there would be helpful.
Sarah London: Yes, thanks Josh. We were, as Drew said, very pleased with the way the Medicare team executed in AEP and precision across all of the dimensions that you talked about, again largely in line with expectations. We took an intentional refocus in the 24 bid strategy to try to align to those lower income, more complex members, as well as the duals and the DSNP population, and successful in terms of what were seeing relative to the concentration of duals coming out of AEP, so pretty pleased with where we intentionally focused, what the impact looked like, and again that was really a function of the team going PBP by PBP and building up a strategy where we could invest in those members that we wanted to retain, and in those members that we feel like were going to provide the greatest long term value to. Ken, I dont know if you want to talk a little bit about some of the calibration we did on distribution as part of that effort overall?
Ken Fasola: Yes, its a really important add to Sarah and Drews comments. If you recall, in prior quarters we talked about the prior penetration with tele-digital brokers, and we made a conscious effort both in terms of owned assets and discipline with preferred partners that moved the mix to a balance that were really, really comfortable with, and our owned assets performed historically far better with respect both to retention and overall quality, and were seeing that now in preferred partners. I think the distribution system has responded to obvious opportunities to improve quality, persistency, and product mix, as Sarah said, is directly in line with what we were targeting, so the level of precision is both impressive, important and directionally where were going to go.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today comes from Kevin Fischbeck with BofA. Please go ahead.
Kevin Fischbeck: Great, thanks. Just want to see--you raised the revenue guidance by $2.5 billion, but didnt change the EPS guidance. Is there anything that you would highlight there as an offset on the EPS line, or is that just conservatism?  Then just to make sure I understand the PDR, youre saying that the rates not sufficient to cover trend. Does your PDR reflect the current rate update or does it assume something better, and if the rate update were to be reaffirmed, then the PDR might change? Thanks.
Sarah London: Yes, thanks Kevin. Great question. On the marketplace front, its really just acknowledging that were very early in the year, and then I think you point out a really important point relative to the mechanics of the PDR and how that positioned us with the ability to look at full year trend in 23. Ill let Drew talk a little bit more about those mechanics.
Drew Asher: Yes, so the PDR that we booked in the fourth quarter, thats for the 2024 calendar year, and so you evaluate--in Medicare, you evaluate it on an annual basis, so 25 really doesnt come into play there because we still have the opportunity to adapt our bids accordingly and obviously we dont have a final rate notice yet, we just have the advance notice that weve got some work to do. On the PDR, think back to even Stephens question, we certainly get another bite at the apple of evaluating forward trend because we set the PDR, and the accounting rules are such, youre setting the PDR based upon your forward view of how you think 24 to play out, so that was--you know, any trend considerations that we had were embedded in that PDR we booked in the fourth quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today comes from Justin Lake of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Justin Lake: Thanks, good morning. Drew, appreciate all the color on Medicare Advantage rates. You mentioned that your rate is minus-1.3%. Given trends in the mid-2s, and you didnt really have much star impact year-over-year, it sounds like the combination of the V28 model and the fee-for-service normalization is somewhere in the negative 3.5% range, so first, is that math right; and then second, if so, could you compare the negative 3.5% that youre seeing for 2025, at least in the advance notice, versus how big a negative that was in 2024, so we can understand the year-over-year impact? Then if you can, break up the impact between V28 and the fee-for-service normalization on both the 2025 and a year-over-year basis, itd be incredibly helpful to understand whats going on there. Appreciate it.
Drew Asher: Yes, let me try to parse that out. The line item of HCC model changes, which includes the risk score normalization that you pointed out, was about a point--in our evaluation of the advance notice, it was about a point worse than last year, and part of that is the normalization change and calculation in going to a regression model versus omission of a base period. Thats probably a deep as wed want to go on an earnings call. But if you foot up all of the elements, its about a 1.3% on an absolute basis current as we stand today impact on rates. Now, thats before risk score trend - obviously that would push it into the positive zone, and were going to push on some of the mechanics and then we will--you know, were in the position of not trying to grow Medicare Advantage, were trying to ultimately recover margin back half of the decade, and so well just adjust the bids accordingly, and the products may be a little bit less attractive for seniors from an industry standpoint if we dont make a lot of progress on the final rates.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today comes from AJ Rice at UBS. Please go ahead.
AJ Rice: Thanks. Hi, everyone. Just want to pivot over to Medicaid for minute. Obviously you mentioned the retro adjustments, you didnt get the marginal headwind, I guess. Youve also talked about some states being proactive and giving you acuity adjustments ahead of time, and then youve got your normal rate cycle with the state. I wonder if theres any updated thoughts on where you land for 24 in terms of your Medicaid margin, and I think you had talked about the fact that coming out of redeterminations, you saw potential for improvement in Medicaid margins going into 25. Just wondered if there was any updated thoughts on any of that.
Sarah London: Yes, thanks AJ. Let me talk a little bit about the dynamic we saw in Q4 and then how we feel as we sit here in early February. Full year HBR for Medicaid in 23 was really a function of Q4, and what we saw in Q4 was some of that timing dynamic that weve called out since the beginning of redeterminations is a dynamic that we were fully expecting to be managing through, the timing of matching rates with acuity as the risk pool shifts. Q4 was a heavy member roll-off quarter, as we talked about, and later in the quarter we saw some acuity pressure in the portfolio ahead of those 1/1 rates that had been designed to address that acuity clicking in. We also had some of those retro rates also designed to address the acuity coming in late in the year, and like we said, we got some of those before year end but not all, so continue to work on those. Thats really what drove that lingering pressure in Q4. Then as we sit here today, weve got really solid visibility into the rate for our 2024 member month - its 63% of the book weve got visibility for. Weve got those 1/1 rates now in place and they are in general coming in toward the higher end of that composite range that Drew mentioned at investor day of 2% to 2.5%, and then were still working on that handful of 2023 retro rates that would then come in, in 24. If you take that all together, acknowledge its still early in the year, but thats what makes us feel good about our 90.1 midpoint for the 24 Medicaid HBR. Then to your point, as any of those timing dislocations shake out in 24 and we continue to calibrate and match those up, then as we move into the roll-off of redeterminations in 25 and beyond, that becomes a tailwind for the book overall.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today comes from Scott Fidel with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Scott Fidel: Hi, thanks. Good morning. Just wanted to pivot back to Medicare. Interested if you could sort of talk through for us just on the inpatient side, it doesnt seem like you saw anything unusual in the fourth quarter, but do want to confirm whether or not you did see any type of mix shift towards more short stay inpatient visits, a reduction in observation visits as mentioned by a large peer in Medicare. Then just sort of sticking on this potential theme, would love just your feedback and thoughts around the implementation of the two midnight rule for MA and how youre factoring that into your 2024 outlook. Thanks.
Drew Asher: Yes, thanks Scott. As Sarah said, at a high level, inpatient was pretty steady throughout 2023, and you go a couple clicks below that, we looked at case mix, admits per thousand, obs per thousand, we didnt see a Q4 uptick in inpatient. If you look at observation days, we saw no meaningful shift in observation days. We all know the two midnight rule doesnt start until 1/1/24, but weve been on top of that, preparing for that, thinking through that as we formulated our forecasts for 2024, and we think weve got that captured.  Obviously the industry, we can still do medical necessity on that, but yes, well be observing that two midnight rule beginning in January.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today comes from Lance Wilkes with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Lance Wilkes: Great. Could you talk a little bit about the pipeline and the upcoming bids with respect to Medicaid, some of the upcoming RFP awards? Then more broadly, Sarah, if you could talk a little bit to as youve gone through some of the recent wins and as youre looking at satisfaction scores within states, what are areas of strength that are helping you with either retention or new wins, and are there particular areas of opportunity and what are some of the plans to address some of those areas? Thanks.
Sarah London: Yes, thanks Lance for the question. As you pointed out, weve had some great positive momentum of late with New Hampshire, Arizona, North Carolina expansion, as well as Oklahoma, and that makes us feel good as we roll into whats an active RFP season. We obviously have Florida in flight, and really proud of the sunshine team and the work theyre doing, as well as Georgia, and then Texas for later this year and 2025 go-live, so we continue to track that. We continue to have, I believe, the best BD team in the business, incredibly strong local teams that are being really thoughtful and incrementally forward looking in terms of, as we said at investor day, making sure that were competing on promises kept, not just promises made.  That, I think goes to the second part of your question, which is really what are we seeing in the market in terms of the investments weve made over the last two years around customer satisfaction and that local community partnership, and were really starting to see improvement in terms of partner satisfaction, provider relationships, as well as quality. If you look at our Medicaid quality scores year-over-year, youre seeing really nice improvement there. Those have been things at the top of our list in terms of focus over the last two years, and I think starting to see those bear fruit, those are really important drivers as states think about who they want as partners relative to the managed Medicaid business. I would say the other major theme that we continue to hear and we continue to be focused on pretty organically, frankly, is health equity, and so the emergence of the 11/15 waivers and thinking about how to put dollars into things like housing, food, jobs, childcare that ultimately drive pretty significant healthcare outcomes, and thats something that states are increasingly interested in partnering over. Again, its something that Centene has been naturally focused on as a by-product of being local in our approach and having the strengths of those longstanding incumbent relationships. I think really good improvement in the places that weve focused and really good core strength in the areas that are going to matter going forward. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today comes from Cal Sternick with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Cal Sternick: Yes, thanks for the question. I wanted to ask two on the marketplace. First, could you talk about the demographic trends of the incremental membership you got, so any insight on the acuity and metal mix of the extra members you added compared to what you initially anticipated?  Then on ICRA [ph] and the Indiana pilot, how many members did you enroll in that product and what are some of the key milestones youre looking to evaluate the pilot as you move through this year? Thanks.
Sarah London: Thanks Cal for the question. As youve heard, the demographics for the population that came in during OEP for us were pretty consistent with our expectations, and the distribution of tiers between silver, gold and bronze, also pretty consistent. We still have the majority of our members in that silver tier, so the demographics have not shifted materially.  One of the things that I think is interesting - this may just be the data geek in me - but if you look at what were seeing, not just in our book but overall in the market, there are some interesting small shifts in the demographics overall that I think tell us a lot about whats actually driving the underlying growth, above and beyond just what we know in terms of affordability and awareness from the enhanced [indiscernible] and the additional marketing dollars going into navigators and the broker channel. Were seeing year-over-year-over-year, age coming down slightly, which I think supports our view that were seeing a younger pool, were seeing a healthier pool, and were seeing some of those gig workers coming in. Were seeing the distribution in gender between male and female shift a little bit, so more men coming into the marketplace, which we see as a signal of digging deeper into that uninsured population, because women tend to move sooner out of that population. Then were also seeing the gold tier as an industry pick up a little bit, which we see as supporting our view that theres small group migration coming into the market - obviously weve got anecdotal evidence around that, but thats true in our book, thats true in the overall industry, and again I think very consistent with what we think is driving 31% overall market growth, but pleased as well with the fact that within that growth, we were able to grow our market share within footprint. The relative to ICRA, obviously thats still very much a nascent market. The Indiana pilot is very new. Im happy to say that we sold our first customer in January, so good early proof point; but the goal there for us is really to test and learn and gather data, and were pretty confident that were going to be incrementally smarter about how that market is evolving as we go throughout the year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today comes from Gary Taylor at TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Gary Taylor: Hey, good morning. One clarification and one question. I just want to clarify, Drew, on the negative 1.3% 25 advance notice for Centene, does that exclude stars or basically for Centene no different stars impact than the negative 15 basis points that CMS sized for the industry? Then my question is, I just wanted to see if you could just balance these very diverse views on MA. Your MA MLR first nine months was down 110 basis points year-over-year, fourth quarter was up 310 excluding the entire PDR, and you only boosted the PDR by $50 million or 30 basis points on 24. You said your MA outlook looks unchanged, so theres two camps this quarter: theres Centene and United saying the sharp fourth quarter MA MLR spike means nothing for 24, and then theres Humana, who said the sharp spike in the quarter is the new baseline heading into 24. Its been a while since Ive seen such divergent views across the industry, that all had sort of the same cost acceleration, so can you just explain again why youre landing where youre landing on 2024 MA?
Drew Asher: All right, so let me take the first one first. Of the 1.3--of the minus 1.3%, our star rating change is minus-0.5, so absent that wed be at minus-0.8, so its a little bit heavier than the industry as a whole, which I believe CMS was at minus-0.2, so hopefully that helps with the math there. On Medicare, Sarah said look, were looking hard at our outpatient trend, which were not happy with but its steady at that elevated level relative to May-June timeframe, and thats sort of what wed built into the forecast, so that would be a change year-over-year. Inpatient, we talked about that - I mean, no uptick, as we said earlier. Maybe one of the elements that may be a little bit unique with us is that as we see the year developing, and theres a dial we have on quality spend and initiatives, and theres a lot of quality initiatives that were going to do regardless of what our aggregate EPS result is, but we really stepped that up in Q4 and that triggered a heavier level of office visits, which is a good thing, getting our members in to see their physicians. It triggered RSV vaccines, which is a good thing, and we saw that coming through in December. As Sarah mentioned, we did have ILI. The only area of the business where ILI, an influenza-like illness, was heavier year-over-year was in Medicare, and obviously thats transitory, its already come down in January, so those are the other elements that you should think about when evaluating Q4.  But we feel good about our forecasts. We had another bite at the apple on the PDR, Gary. If we thought trend was going to be $50 million higher than the $250 million next year, the PDR would have been $300 million and we would have reported $6.61, or something like that, so feel good about our forecasts. Weve got work to do in Medicare to improve the macro, but were ready to tackle 2024.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from George Hill with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
George Hill: Yes, good morning guys. I actually want to ask Garys question kind of a slightly different way and focusing on what seems to be two different narratives as it relates to the utilization trend. I guess asking it more broadly, and one is kind of the--its like theres the seasonal utilization thats come through that now needs to be--that now were referring to a baseline trend that is normal ex-the seasonality or the bolus, and theres another narrative that trend is running below baseline, call it off [indiscernible] adjusted basis because of the impact of COVID, and now we have kind of a three-year heightened utilization trend to get back to baseline. Sarah, I guess Id ask you if you kind of have a preferred utilization narrative that you guys are seeing, like are we kind of working through this short term backlog as it relates to utilization that should normalize, or are we running below a longer term trend that we need to return back to, likely [indiscernible] to your basis?
Sarah London: Yes, I mean, I certainly prefer our narrative, and I think about it really specific to Centene, so I appreciate the need to try to harmonize what different companies are seeing, but we remain focused on what were seeing in our population, the idea that we saw some of this trend in Q2, that we accounted for it in our 2024 bids, we feel sufficiently--we had a second bite at the apple at the end of the year with the benefit of the full years visibility of utilization. The assumptions that weve made in 2024, how we feel about our ability to apply clinical initiatives, leverage our value-based relationships and manage through the trend that were seeing, thats really our focus, less so worrying about what others are saying.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today comes from Dave Windley with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Dave Windley: Hi, thanks for taking my question. I wanted to clarify and then ask a question. Drew, you mentioned--youve actually both mentioned a second bite at the apple a couple of times. I wanted to make sure I understood that that was a second bite opportunity kind of up to the end of the year, or does that mean if things develop in a way that causes you to have a different view of 2024 currently, that you could go back and revise your estimate for PDR, so wanted to clarify that. Then my question, rotating over to SG&A, is where are you related to head count rationalization, real estate rationalization, other things kind of on the basic cost cutting, value creation plan list to take out SG&A, where do you stand in that evolution? Thank you.
Drew Asher: Yes, so good questions around the PDR. Look - we dont love being in the PDR position, but--you know, weve got work to do on Medicare, but it did give us an opportunity to re-evaluate the 24 forecast as we got into January and closed the December books. What will happen mechanically throughout 2024 is that PDR will largely be released--forecasted to be released in Q4, because of the mechanics of the seasonality of earnings in Medicare throughout the year, but every quarter, we re-evaluate the sufficiency of that PDR relative to the 24 policy and calendar year, and if we have to tweak it, we will, but that would be within the confines of 2024. On SG&A, still plenty of opportunity ahead. I mentioned at investor day that weve got at least a couple hundred basis points more in Medicare weve got to go after over the next few years. On real estate, largely through that, probably some tweaks here and there but largely through, for instance, the charges around real estate, were through the bolus of that, and then weve got our slate of initiatives that we continue to tackle and plenty of efficiency opportunities.
Sarah London: Yes, I would echo that and just say that a lot of great execution in the first two years, were going to realize that in 2024, but we havent stopped. Youve heard us talk about building the pipeline for 2025 and beyond in terms of additional opportunities. Obviously our long term algorithm has 1% to 2% of margin expansion built in, and we do see additional opportunities to drive efficiency in the business as we standardize our workflows, the ability to then automate that with technology, so really pleased not just with the execution thus far and the discipline to get us here. Were really thinking about how we do work going forward. We do see opportunity for continued efficiency in the future.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today comes from Sarah James at Cantor. Please go ahead.
Sarah James: Thank you. Could you remind us what the margin progression looks like on exchanges, like how many quarters it takes for you to get to run rate? Then just a mechanics clarification on the PDR - are you guys booking that as the delta between where you view costs and target margin, where it would roll over kind of flat at target margin from 24 to 25, or is that youre booking at as the view of costs to break even? Just if you can give us the context of that, thanks.
Drew Asher: Yes, on your second question, its really neither of those. Its sort of the accounting principal on the marginal loss, so it excludes things like marketing costs and certain investments, so think of it as the marginal loss that were pulling into the year in which we set the bids, so certainly its not booked--you know, its nowhere near target margins. Weve got a lot of work to do to go from essentially a minus-3.5% expectation in 2024 to that 4% to 5% pre-tax zone as we look at later in the decade. Stars will probably two-thirds of that progression, and like I said, we still have SG&A and clinical initiatives. Isnt it interesting were spending so much time on 12% of our revenue? $16 billion, an important lever, but we actually have some other pretty good businesses, like marketplace that you just asked about. The margin progression, we expect--you know, its a sophomore year in which we pick up the benefit of the SEP - special enrolment period, members that come in for a couple of reasons. One is theyre typically utilizing some degree of services and they get out of the way and become more normalized in the following calendar year, and then also the risk adjustment, the mechanics are punitive to some degree if youre only picking up a partial year, and then when you get a full calendar year, you have sort of the numerator and denominator matching up, so we expect to benefit members if we continue to grow SEP, which thats not baked into our guidance yet, were just at 4.3 million members. But if we continue to grow during 2024, that will be an expected tailwind for 2025.
Sarah London: On that point, I would just note that were seeing increase year-over-year in retention of SEP members, which means that were poised to capture the benefit of that sophomore effect from that heavy growth we had in SEP last year, so thats a really nice trend that weve been watching and seeing that retention grow year-over-year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today comes from Nathan Rich at Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Nathan Rich: Ill ask one on the Medicaid business. I wanted to--you know, it sounds like the HBR so far as redeterminations have played out has been in line with expectations. The 24 guidance has that 50 basis point headwind that was, I think, put in place for any sort of timing mismatch as it relates to acuity. I just wanted to clarify if thats something that youre seeing currently, and so reiterating your expectations for 24, you feel like what youve seen play out so far requires that 50 basis points, or if the timing between the rate updates and the costs youre seeing in the underlying book, if that timing has actually been matched up better than you had anticipated. 
Sarah London: I would say at a high level, were pretty pleased, just given the complexity of the portfolio and all of the state-by-state dynamics with the degree to which acuity and rate has matched up relative to timing. Obviously not perfect - we talk about what we saw in Q4, but across the entire portfolio, feeling pretty good about that, which is again part of why were still confident in that 90.1 midpoint. But maybe Drew, you can talk a little bit about risk corridors and other dynamics that were tracking relative to that 50 basis point buffer?
Drew Asher: Yes, so you also have to remember, weve got PBM savings rolling into that, and weve targeted that at 20 basis points, so thats sort of a nice lever that weve factored into getting down to the 90.1. Then as we think about a question from earlier, 25, 2026, we would expect to get back into the high 89s on a same mix basis. From a risk corridor standpoint, while its imperfect in terms of a buffer, depending on where you have trend or rate pressure, were still at--were about $1.8 billion in payback for the 2023 year, so were still in a pretty heavy payback position for our Medicaid risk corridors and minimum MLRs. Its not across every state, but its spread across a number of states, and that is something else to think through as we think about the future rate action and matching acuity with rates.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question and answer session. Id like to turn the conference back over to the management team for any closing remarks.
Sarah London: Great, thanks Rocco, and thanks everyone for your time and interest this morning. We look forward to providing updates as we move deeper into 2024.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes todays conference call. We thank you all for attending todays presentation. You may now disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-24 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Centene Corporation Third Quarter Earnings Release. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. After todays presentation there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions]. Please note, today's event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jennifer Gilligan, Senior Vice President, Finance and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jennifer Gilligan: Thank you, Rocco and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on our third quarter earnings results conference call. Sarah London, Chief Executive Officer; and Drew Asher, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Centene will host this morning's call, which also can be accessed through our website at centene.com. Ken Fasola, Centene's President, will also be available as a participant during Q&A. Any remarks that Centene may make about future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for the purpose of the Safe Harbor provision under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by those forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in Centene's most recent Form 10-K filed on February 21, 2023, and other public SEC filings. Centene anticipates that subsequent events and developments may cause its estimates to change. While the company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. The call will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of these measures, with the most directly comparable GAAP measures, can be found in our second quarter 2023 press release, which is available on the company's website under the Investors section. The company is unable to provide a reconciliation of certain 2024 measures to the corresponding GAAP measures without unreasonable efforts due to the difficulty of predicting the timing and amounts of various items within a reasonable range.  Finally, we would like to highlight our upcoming Investor Day scheduled for December 12th in New York City. This event will also be available via webcast. With that I would like to turn the call over to our CEO, Sarah London, Sarah. 
Sarah M. London: Thank you, Jen and thanks everyone for joining us. This morning we reported very strong third quarter 2023 results including adjusted EPS of $2, outperforming our internal expectations by approximately $0.20. Strong fundamentals and excellent marketplace growth and performance contributed to the strength in the quarter, as well as our improved outlook for 2023. We now expect full year 2023 adjusted earnings per share of at least $6.60, representing over 14% year-over-year growth.  With my time this morning I'll hit on key focus areas including Medicaid redeterminations, upcoming RFPs, marketplace performance, and recent Medicare Advantage Stars results, and then provide a brief update on the operational progress we have made over the last few months. Then I'll turn it over to Drew to provide details on the quarter, an additional commentary relative to our increased financial guidance for 2023.  Let's start with Medicaid. We are now over 40%, or approximately 1,000,000 members through redeterminations and we continue to track in line with our expectations for membership and acuity changes as well as our assumed sloping of overall timing. As we closely monitor Medicaid membership transitions, rejoining our data remains instructive as we think about the net membership impact of redeterminations and coverage continuity. We are now seeing April through August cohort's consistently experiencing rejoining rates in the mid 20% range. Importantly, the 90-day grace period in most states means that the majority of these members have no break in coverage as they return to the Medicaid program.  CMS has obviously been playing an important role with respect to the oversight of the Medicaid redeterminations process, including recent intervention to pause redeterminations in certain states as well as the effort to reinstate children and individuals who are incorrectly dropped from coverage due to system issues. We are seeing some of the impact of these reinstatements come through in our rejoiner data and continue to monitor the impact these changes will have on the timing of expected membership shifts over the coming months. That said we have not changed our view that the ultimate impact of redeterminations would be 2.3 million to 2.4 million members. And based on our view of recent CMS actions and our ongoing conversations with state partners, we still expect the overwhelming majority of redeterminations to be completed by May of 2024. We continue to track in line with our expected 200,000 to 300,000 members moving from Medicaid into marketplace as a result of the redetermination's process. We have partnered with an increasing number of states to make auto enrollment a more seamless pass for Medicaid members losing eligibility and are pleased to be able to leverage our market leading and better platform to maximize coverage continuity for members of the communities we serve.  Our rate discussions continue to be constructive as well. The consistent trend we saw in 7/01 and 10/01 cohorts has continued so far as the first wave of 1/1/24 draft rates have been released. We are working through an incomplete 401 retro rate as Drew will discuss further, but continue to have constructive discussions there as well. We appreciate the thoughtful and databased collaboration with our state partners as they acknowledge the importance of matching rates with acuity in order to maintain the strength and effectiveness of each Medicaid program. Overall, we are, encouraged by the progress that states are making with respect to Medicaid redeterminations and pleased to be moving through the process with operational stability and results that are consistent with our modeling.  Turning to growth, in North Carolina we are preparing for Medicaid expansion that will go live in December. North Carolina is the 41st state to expand Medicaid and by passing this legislation with a joint leadership of a Democratic governor and a Republican super majority legislature they demonstrate the increasing bipartisan support for this program. We expect this trend to continue as states look to provide improved access to quality care for their citizens. In RFP news our Sunshine Health team officially submits our response to the Florida ITN this week. I want to give a nod to the Sunshine Health team, to our exceptional business development team, and the many Sun teamers who contributed to this effort. I'm proud of the work they did to prepare this response and proud of the long standing partnership we have established in serving the communities of Florida.  In general, we are seeing an increase in RFP activity and momentum around states considering the addition of new populations into a managed care model. Notably, the recently released Georgia RFP includes for the first time the states aged blind and disabled population. As we look ahead to our procurement pipeline we feel good about the opportunity to leverage our incumbent position and our differentiated depth of expertise in managing complex populations to defend and grow our Medicaid footprint. In support of this work I'm happy to share that we have officially appointed Wade Rakes as Centene's Chief Growth Officer. Wade will take on this responsibility in addition to continuing to serve as the CEO of our Peach State Health Plan as he leads our incredibly strong Georgia teams through their procurement remaining at the helm through the conclusion of that process. Wade will bring valuable experience as both a local and enterprise leader for Centene as he helps to drive execution around our growth strategy.  Turning to Marketplace, our Ambetter franchise continues to outperform this year, outpacing our growth expectations in the quarter and reaching just under 3.7 million members as of September 30th. This means added earnings power for the remainder of 2023 as well as the potential earnings tail wind for 2024 as our retained special enrollment period or step members become more profitable in their sophomore year with Ambetter. Ambetter's unique individual market density, consistent performance, and market leading brand recognition have enabled us to build attractive and efficient networks and to foster productive relationships with a vast array of distribution partners. This has driven our impressive growth in 2023 and positions us well to continue to serve this large and expanding addressable market. We'll have an opportunity to dive more deeply into the future growth drivers of this business during our Investor Day in December and remain excited by the growth and earnings potential of the individual market in both the short-term and the long-term  Finally, Medicare. This is an important time of year for our Medicare advantage business as 2024 enrollment begins to take shape through the annual enrollment period which kicked off on October 15th. As you'll recall, the 2024 bid cycle represents a pivot point for our Medicare Advantage products as we reposition our offerings to better serve low income and complex lives. Touching on the important topic of stars, we received the final Star rating results along with the rest of the industry two weeks ago. The final Stars results for this cycle were consistent with our July and September commentary, where we expected two thirds of our membership associated with contracts showing year-over-year raw score improvement. That result was approximately 73%. We also said we are expecting roughly 90% of our membership to be associated with contracts rated 3 stars or higher, and that final result was 87%.  While we delivered Stars results in line with our Q2 expectations, these results certainly do not reflect the ambition of this organization. They do, however, represent an important step on our journey to improve quality scores and restore Medicare Advantage earnings power. Relative to our ongoing work to strengthen Medicare execution overall, we continue to see improvement in our operating metrics which are important indicators for member experience and ultimately Star scores. Our first call resolution has improved year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter as have our customer satisfaction scores. We are still tracking a roughly 40% reduction in member complaints year-over-year and consistently delivering service levels in the high 90%. And we continue to build out our network including adding 6100 new providers in the quarter and moving more than 12,000 members into new value based agreements. Medicare Advantage remains an integral part of our portfolio of businesses, strategically aligned with our Medicaid and marketplace platforms and a long-term driver of both earnings and growth. We remain committed to and focused on the work necessary to improve overall performance and quality on behalf of our Medicare members.  Before I turn it over to Drew, let me touch briefly on our value creation work. We continue to make progress against the many initiatives that will focus and fortify our enterprise to support robust long-term growth. As our first wave of operational redesign work matures, we are evolving our focus for those initiatives to optimizing and automating workflows as we look to support more efficient and effective service for our members and providers. For the initial installations of our new telephony system we are now layering on additional features that are driving month-over-month improvement in cell service. And over the last few months within our now centralized utilization management teams we have been focused on reducing provider abrasion by expanding the use of our proprietary tool CATA, which automates the approval of authorizations for clinically appropriate procedures using AI technology we developed in collaboration with Apixio.  Speaking of technology, I'm particularly excited about the data work we have accelerated over the last few quarters as we look to aggressively build out an integrated data fabric across Centene to support our long-term technology strategy. One of the benefits of taking this work on now is that we can leverage the most modern technology and design our infrastructure to account for the ways in which we foresee both traditional AI and generative AI being deployed in our environments to an automated administration support more seamless provider collaboration and optimize clinical insights that will transform our members health journeys across lines of business.  One quick milestone from this work, over the last three quarters we have significantly increased the number of digital clinical sources flowing into our Clinical Data Hub where we hold a longitudinal health record for our members. The expansion of clinical data from digital sources is expected to reduce the overall cost and improve the accuracy and timeliness of information we can use to solve for gaps in care, understand member risk and acuity, and support predictive modeling for care management interventions. There are a number of other operational and digital initiatives in flight across our value creation portfolio and we look forward to providing updates and proof points for those as we move into and through 2024. But it is important to note that increasingly this work is carrying momentum, not because of the Value Creation Score Card but because it is simply part of the disciplined operating DNA we are building across the company.  From a portfolio review stand point we were pleased to reach a definitive agreement to divest Circle Health earlier this quarter. Circle is an excellent asset with a strong management team and we took our time to find the right partner who will continue to support the good work Circle is doing to serve communities in the UK. We continue to expect this deal to close in Q1 of next year and to be $0.03 to $0.04 accretive to 2024. There are a few remaining assets we continue to evaluate and reposition, but we are now in the final innings of this work and expect that as we get to mid-2024 we will be focused on building around our solid strategic and streamlined core business.  Finally, I want to touch on our PBM migration, given its importance to our 2024 financial targets but more importantly, given the value we expect it will drive for our customers and members. The teams have put in an enormous amount of work over the last few months and continue to make great progress against our key milestones. In fact, earlier this month we got to see an early but important proof point of how well these teams are working together on behalf of our customers due to a 10/01 migration of one of our health plans from a legacy platform over to EFI. Thanks to thoughtful planning and testing ahead of time and strong collaboration and communication during the cut over, this was a very successful transition and we believe it sends a great signal about the health of this project as we move into Q4. Overall, Centene continues to generate positive momentum. We are making important strides operationally, fortifying the foundation of the business, and increasingly leveraging our size and scale to better serve our customers. Strategically as you've seen through our divestitures we have sharpened the focus of the enterprise on our three core business lines and continue to work hard to preserve the unique innovation engine of our local health plans. These advancements, along with our 2023 outperformance give us confidence that we will exceed our 2024 earnings goal of $6.60 and continue to demonstrate improved member and provider experiences. With that I'll turn it over to Drew. 
Drew Asher: Thank you, Sarah. Today we reported third quarter 2023 results of 35 billion in premium and service revenue and adjusted diluted earnings per share of $2, up over 50% from $1.30 in Q3 of 2022. This represents a $0.20 beat to our internal forecast that we tried to recalibrate you to in early September. Our Q3 consolidated HBR was 87%, a little bit better than our expectation driven by the commercial segment. This keeps us right on track with our full year HBR guidance range Medicaid at 90.7% was fundamentally on track other than one of our states providing a draft and incomplete rate update retroactive to 04/01/2023. This was worth about 40 basis points in the quarter relative to our expectations. Other than that unique item which we would expect to be a timing matter with a favorable future resolution, we continue to be on track in Medicaid, including relative to our acuity estimates that we've been tracking since the recommencement of redeterminations on April 01, 2023.  As you can see in the membership tables, we are down 1.1 million Medicaid members since 03/31/2023 right on track with our forecast that include redetermination estimates. That 1.1 million includes Iowa reshuffling of about 83,000 members effective July 01st as expected. To update a statistic, we previously provided 13 of our 14 states in the 7/01 to 10/01 cohort have included acuity adjustments in our rates. One is still outstanding and so far seven of our 01/01/2024 states have provided draft rates that include acuity adjustments overall, consistent with our estimates. Our view of 2024 Medicaid performance is unchanged other than revenue looks to be a little stronger than the 77 billion we outlined on our Q1 call. At Investor Day we will provide more detail on 2024 guidance.  Medicare was on track at 82.2%, an improvement of a 170 basis points from Q3 of 2022. Similarly, our view of Medicare 2024 performance is consistent with what we shared previously. And as you finish modeling 2023, make sure you factor in the Q4 2023 Medicare HBR step up, including the previously discussed premium deficiency reserve. The commercial HBR at 78.9% in Q3 continues to be strong and better than expected. Simultaneously, we are also capturing growth from both redeterminations and the special enrollment period. We said on a Q2 call that we expected to hit 3.6 million members this year, and we accomplished that as of the end of Q3. You may recall that last quarter, we grew 200,000 members. This quarter, we grew 386,000 members. This continued growth and HBR performance in 2023 sets us up well to achieve our previously stated goal of growing marketplace, at least $3 billion of revenue in 2024 while also expanding margin. Moving to other P&L and balance sheet items, our adjusted SG&A expense ratio was 8.6% in the third quarter compared to 8.3% last year, consistent with our mix of business. Cash flow provided by operations was $1 billion in the third quarter, primarily driven by net earnings. Our domestic unregulated and unrestricted cash on hand at quarter end was $231 million. During the third quarter, we repurchased 11.6 million shares of our common stock for $773 million. Year-to-date, we have repurchased 22.9 million shares for $1.58 billion, a little over our goal of $1.5 billion for 2023. Our debt to adjusted EBITDA ticked down to 2.8 times. Our medical claims liability totaled $17.1 billion at quarter end and represents 53 days in claims payable up one day from Q2 of 2023. Outside of adjusted earnings, during the third quarter, we announced the divestiture of Circle, our UK hospital company, which triggers a noncash write-down of goodwill. We also adjusted the carrying value of our UK physician business. You can see these and other items in the table in our press release. We are pleased with the performance of the company in the first three quarters of the year and are increasing our outlook to at least $6.60 of adjusted EPS for 2023. As Sarah mentioned, this puts us at greater than 14% adjusted EPS growth in 2023 after posting 12% in 2022, two pretty good years. The press release table has other 2023 guidance elements, including no change in HBR or SG&A ranges and $0.5 billion more in premium revenue. We also still forecast investment in other income, a little over $1 billion, excluding divestiture gains and losses. As we are almost at 2024, which we will go into more detail at our Investor Day in a little over six weeks, we continue to have confidence in our 2024 adjusted EPS floor of greater than $6.60. In fact, the strength of this quarter is another data point that increases our confidence.  While I do spend a lot of my time talking about and driving margin, let me close by talking about growth because Centene is a combination, margin expansion and growth investment opportunity. On growth, Medicaid expansion is coming to North Carolina late this year. Our Oklahoma win in both broad Medicaid and Sole Source Foster Care is on track to commence 4/1/24 and there's a pipeline of complex populations expected to come into managed care over the next few years, one example being the recent Georgia RFP as Sarah referenced. Marketplace has proven to be an excellent franchise and asset for this company. This business today produces more revenue than our Medicare Advantage business, and that will widen in 2024. And even our PDP business, which may be small in relative revenue should grow meaningfully in 2024, these members produce pharmacy spend and our potential MAPD candidates down the road. We're excited about the future and our ability to power through 2024 and come out the other side post divestitures, post redeterminations, and on our way to fixing Medicare a better company than in 2021. On the other side of 2024, we look forward to driving a 12% to 15% long-term adjusted EPS CAGR. Thank you for your interest in Centene. Rocco, we will take questions now.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Today's first question comes from Kevin Fischbeck with BoA. Please go ahead.
Kevin Fischbeck: Great, thanks. Just wanted to maybe dig into the exchange performance in the quarter because obviously, whenever you have 75% membership growth in your [indiscernible] it is always a little bit unusual, particularly because in the past, we've seen SEP enrollment come in with MLR pressure. So can you just talk a little bit more about what's driving that outperformance, and as you grow membership faster than you were thinking, what gives you comfort around the MR [ph] coming in better than people have been forecasting? Thanks. 
Sarah M. London: Yes. Thanks, Kevin. Good morning. Thanks for the question. As I talked about in my script, so let me hit on sort of whats driving the growth, which I think has a lot to do with the fact that we have an established franchise, we have number one for brand recognition in the market, a differentiated distribution network and just a lot of experience executing and we sort of foresaw the growth that was going to come because of the additional awareness and affordability that was created not just through CMS spend on marketing and navigators, but really the sentinel effect of the extension of the enhanced APTCs. Turning to performance. We're obviously pleased not only with the growth but the fact that we sustained performance of that business in 2023 and done so exactly as you say, despite having significant SEP membership growth, which in past years has created pressure, not just because of the risk adjustment effect but also like we saw in 2021 through pent-up demand. So when we think about the factors that are contributing to overall performance and what's giving us comfort, the first is just what we're seeing in terms of underlying growth and performance of the core business that came in, in OEP. The second is the fact that we are not seeing the pent-up demand in the SEP membership like we saw in 2021 partly due to the fact that those members -- some of those members are coming in for Medicaid, where they had coverage and others would have been eligible for coverage in previous years. So the belief is that they weren't carrying a lot of unaddressed acuity into the market.  The other factor is, and we pointed to this in the past, but in general, when we see this level of market growth it drives a healthier overall risk pool, and we're seeing some of that in the performance. But I think the bigger piece is probably just execution from the team, really solid pricing discipline coming into the year as we've been on a margin progression with this product, execution on clinical initiatives, really thoughtful risk adjustment calculations. And again, just the expertise of having a team that's been doing this for a decade, I think, is really showing in what you're seeing in terms of performance this year.
Drew Asher: The only thing I would add numerically is just we've been through two rounds of Wakely data. So you have to think about the claims cost matched against the risk profile of the population. And so we've adjusted our risk adjustment payable actually up to $1.8 billion from $1.5 billion from Q2 to Q3, consistent with the feedback in the data from Wakely, and we're still holding the allowance on the insolvent peers or those that were waiting to get paid from through CMS. And so that $314 million that actually went up by $9 million in the quarter because one of those peers is still operating at least for the first half of this year. So it wasn't the bring down of that reserve that helped the quarter.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Stephen Baxter at Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Stephen Baxter: Yeah, hi, thanks. I appreciate the commentary you made on acuity running in line with your expectations so far. I guess how do you think the higher level of procedural disenrollment that we're seeing across the industry has impacted that, are you able to comment yet on what you're seeing in terms of utilization on the rejoiner population, especially maybe in the earlier cohorts? And then I appreciate you flagging kind of this unusual item on the rate side. I guess how should we think about the path to the Medicaid MLR that you just reported this quarter to what you're targeting for 2024, that 90.1? Thank you. 
Sarah M. London: Thanks, Stephen. Yes, so let me hit on the first part of the question relative to what we're seeing in levers and stayers. Obviously, overall, we're seeing our levers HBR less than stayers as we had expected. What's interesting about the rejoiner rate, the last time that we updated on this, we were looking at April rates in that sort of mid 20% range and then sort of reasonable Pareto as you move through the ensuing months. What we've seen in the last month or six weeks or so is really that April to August -- filling up into what averages out at about 25%, which tells me that we are seeing a rate of rejoining that has picked up a little bit. Again, we think part of that is being driven by the CMS interventions. And given the fact that 75% -- sorry, 70% of those members have no gap in coverage and 95% of them have less than two months gap in coverage, we feel good about the fact that there aren't significant laggard impacts to acuity in terms of what we're seeing in those rejoiner cohorts. And then maybe, Drew, do you want to talk about the underlying Medicaid MLR.
Drew Asher: Yes, right. And as Sarah said, the levers have a lower HBR than the stayers consistent with our expectations. But actually, the rejoiners are right around the same HBR as the stayers. So that's looking good as well relative to our forecast. And then, yes, we're on track for the metrics we gave out, including the 90.1% target for 2024. As we get 1/1 rates, and I mentioned that we've gotten 7 that include acuity adjustments so far for 1/1 in the form of draft rates. That's just another positive weight on the scale of giving us confidence as we turn the page into 2024.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Josh Raskin with Nephron Research. Please go ahead.
Joshua Raskin: Hi, thanks. Good morning. Just a clarification first. I think I heard 20% now maybe going to 25% of redeterminations are coming back. I'm assuming those were Centene lives coming back to Centene plans. And I think you said 10%-ish or so are moving to exchanges. I'm curious about are you taking share from other plans when they're seeing redeterminations and you're getting their members into your exchanges? And then you mentioned through the big growth in PDP. I guess just a question on sort of strategy, it seems like a little de-emphasis in terms of network or catchment points to the Medicare Advantage program, switching the PBM already. So I'm just curious on what the idea is around the low-priced products for the PDP next year?
Sarah M. London: Yes. So thanks, Josh. Let me hit those clarification points, and then I'll turn it over to Drew. So what we are seeing on average across the April to August cohort is a 25% rejoiner rate on average. So those again have sort of filled up from what had been a Pareto -- decreasing Pareto to a pretty consistent 25% rejoining rate. And then our expectations, again, just mathematically, we're about that 10% to 15% recapture, which leaves the 200,000 to 300,000 member expectation that we're still tracking in line with. We are pulling share from other players and trying to track pretty closely, obviously, members that are coming from our plans. And then to the extent we can identify specifically those members that are coming from other Medicaid programs.
Drew Asher: Yes, Josh. And then on PDP, and you'll remember this business going back 10 years, which was a legacy WellCare asset and business. The strategy there is as much about corralling and managing pharmacy spend and having a future feeder for MAPD than it is about generating earnings on what's this year, $2.5 billion of revenue. So I think it was fortuitous that our change and improvement in cost structure or change to a new PBM and a meaningful improvement in cost structure occurred right when there are a number of rule changes impacting PDP like no pharmacy DIR elimination of the member cost share in the catastrophic phase, the cap on insulin. And so we are able to leverage that cost structure and make it affordable for our members while the direct subsidy went up meaningfully. And so we'll be getting paid that direct subsidy by the government. So it was actually a good alignment of opportunities for us to continue to leverage that business to actually help our other businesses in the terms of pharmacy cost structure.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Justin Lake with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Justin Lake: Thanks, good morning. A quick question and a follow-up. So the questions on the exchange business. Just can you give us some color in terms of how that membership growth was pretty exceptional in the third quarter. How did that look versus your expectations and how does that kind of educate 2024? And then specifically on 2024 with the margins there, my kind of back of the envelope, Drew, is that your kind of guidance for next year assumes margins towards the higher end of that 5% to 7.5% target range, is that right? And then just a follow-up on the retro, can you give us any more color in terms of the -- why you think that was incomplete that just sounds something -- I've never heard the word incomplete on a rate update and what gives you the confidence that they're going to reverse that, is there any kind of color from the state that you could share with us on the confidence and the timing? Thanks.
Drew Asher: Alright, first on the growth in the quarter and marketplace, you're right, that was outstanding growth. Now you may remember, we said that we expected to get to 3.6 million members this year, and we're just above 3.6 million this quarter. So most of that was sort of embedded in our forecast as we saw the momentum from Q2. But you're right, it is a good indicator and sort of momentum builder for 2024. On margin, we are still just this year. We are in marketplace. We're still just below our target range of 5 to 7.5 and that's not because of HBR, it's actually because of all the growth and the year one commission that comes along with that. So it's a real good reason to be just below your target range, which means there is capacity as expected and as we have forecasted into 2024 to expand margin into that 5 to 7.5 zone. And so I'll just leave it at that. We expect to pierce zone and be well into that range for 2024 and we -- our forecasts are on track for that. We price for that, and that's what we expect.  Regarding -- probably not going to get too much into a single state call it, negotiation but yes, that was a 40 basis point push in the quarter that pushed our HBR up a little bit higher in Medicaid. And just based upon the back and forth and the construction of that incomplete and maybe rushed retro rate, we expect a favorable future outcome maybe in Q4, but it could drag into 2024.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from A.J. Rice at UBS. Please go ahead.
A.J. Rice: Thanks. Hi, everybody. Two quick areas question. On the marketplace comments, I know traditionally that product, you hit a deductible potentially in the fourth quarter and your utilization rate upticks. Are you expecting that, do you think you have a good visibility on all these new members and how they might act in the fourth quarter, and maybe to what degree have you reflected that? And then as you think about that population, we sort of talked around it with a couple of the other questions, moving into next year you mentioned the commission dynamic, potentially better risk scoring and so forth. How much of a margin tailwind will this population represent for you as you look into next year, I know the churn rates in that population were high by historically, but I think they've come down and I don't know if that's the same for you, but maybe any comment along those lines as well?
Sarah M. London: Yes, A.J., you're right that particularly in that SEP membership, we're seeing more retention industry-wide, which is, I think, logical just given the insulation and the extension of the enhanced APTCs and the increased affordability of the product. And as you said, the sophomore effect of that membership, in particular, the fact that we'll have a full year of risk adjustment, and we'll have moved through any sort of early utilization, we think, provides a tailwind the retained part of that SEP population. And as Drew said, our focus going into 2024 is really retaining the tremendous growth that we've had in 2023 and then continuing our progress on pricing discipline in order to expand margin and pierce into that 5 -- sorry, 5% to 7.5% range.
Drew Asher: Yes. And on your Q4 comment, you're absolutely right, sort of -- if you look at the slope lines of the deductible wear off throughout the year, we do expect a healthy tick up in HBR. We planned for that in our commercial, including marketplace businesses and also in Medicare, normally a step-up in HBR, but then you add the PDR on top of that. So those are some of the things to think about for Q4 as well as heavy SG&A as expected, as typical in Q4, which is as you're calibrating your models for 2023 to finish out the year.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Nathan Rich at Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Nathan Rich: Great, thanks for the questions. I wanted to ask on the Medicare business. I guess -- is there any change to how you're thinking about MA enrollment and revenue kind of relative to the initial expectations now that you have a fuller view of the competitive environment? And just for clarification, are you still planning the $200 million PDR in 4Q? And then kind of bigger picture, could you talk about the path to getting the 85% of members into 3.5 star plans by October of 2025 and the areas that you're investing in and kind of any incremental investments that you're maybe planning for 2024 in that respect? Thank you. 
Sarah M. London: Yes. Thanks, Nathan. So with the competitive landscape and additional information we have not changed our view that we would be down $4 billion in 2024 in the Medicare business. Again, our focus is really on narrowing to that lower income complex population that was part of how we constructed the bids and certainly how we crafted our strategy going into AEP. And then relative to Stars, we're obviously pleased to have delivered results in line with our expectations beginning in Q2, but there's obviously still work to do. And so this next cycle will be an important additional step to that ultimate goal of 85% of members in 3.5 Stars. And our focus really continues to be on rebuilding the operational capacity and the infrastructure to support sustainable programmatic improvement, and that was really demonstrated by moving again 53% of our membership from sub 3 to 87% of our membership at or above 3 in this first step.  So we'll need to continue to pull up underperforming contracts. We'll need to move contracts and members from the 3 across that 3.5 star threshold. And a lot of that is again, why we've tried to create visibility into some of the underlying operational metrics that we're tracking internally around our overall CTMs and around call center metrics and our ability to answer questions for members and provide them a good member experience, getting them connected to physicians, getting them aligned to value-based providers so that those incentives are aligned to close gaps in care, which ultimately accrues not just to HEDIS but to cap. So those are all the things that we're really focused on. We've got a very robust governance structure in place. As we've said before, we've got incentives aligned top to bottom in the organization. There is no confusion that this is a priority, and we continue to be focused on making incremental improvements and holding steady on those improvements that we've made to date.
Drew Asher: And you asked about the -- our view on the PDR has that changed? Our current guidance gives us capacity for PDR in the mid-200s. But the accounting calculations in December will dictate that precise number.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Lance Wilkes with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Lance Wilkes: Thanks. Just wanted to do a quick deeper dive on a couple of the items that you've talked to. One would be on Medicaid redetermination. If you can just talk a little bit about for levers, any sort of double coverage analysis you've done to see like what percentage of those were maybe 0% MLR? And then for this more complex population focus and MA going forward, do you know what the kind of percentage target margin would be for that as you think about that as a sustainable business going forward? And if you wanted to give any update on your PBM cost save, obviously, $500 million, I think, was the category cost, say, for gross margin improvements. It seems like you may have upside to that, so I would love to hear any further color? Thanks.
Drew Asher: Yes, back at -- I think in the January conference we outlined, as we talked about a number of the factors before we had any real data on redeterminations and now we've actually got real data, which sort of trumps all the hypotheses that we were going through leading up to April of 2023. We had indicated that as we look through our data, we could see through COB claims, the other insurance coverage where members that had duplicative coverage had gone from 2.7% of the Medicaid population in 2019 to 3.4%. So made sense at the time, we sort of triangulated that with a bunch of other things to come up with our forecast that we outlined on the Q1 call. And the good news is we're right on track with those forecasts now that we've got -- we're well into redeterminations and over 40% according to our estimates through redeterminations.  On the PBM that's right on track, as Sarah mentioned, and the economics as well that we're expecting. And as you would expect from us, many of those are in the form of guarantees that our PBM underwrote. So we're on track for the contribution to the greater than 660 from the PBM economics.
Sarah M. London: And then just relative Lance to your question on the complex populations. Obviously, the reimbursement for those populations can be higher, but you're dealing with a higher acuity and more complex care within that cohort. And so our view is that because that aligns with our expertise in managing Medicaid members that we have the opportunity through value-based arrangements for that to be a profitable cohort but also to drive differential outcomes for that population. And if you take a step back and look at segments of the Medicare population, the lower income complex members are the fastest-growing segment. And that is part of why we have focused on that membership not just for this cycle, but as part of our long-term fundamental strategy.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Gary Taylor with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Gary Taylor: Hi, good morning. Two quick ones on Medicare. The first is, as we're thinking about Medicare enrollment in 2024 and looking at some of the reductions across OTC and Flex Benefits and SSBCI, it looks like those hit pretty evenly across both individual MA and D-SNP. And I know you're talking about focusing on more complex care next year, and I think D-SNP's actually been growing this year. So just wondering how we should think about individual retail MA versus D-SNP if we should see similar trends? And then just my second question on MA is I still get a lot of questions from folks trying to do the EPS bridge. I know you said $0.80 loss from Medicare next year. I'm just wondering if you could give us just an updated figure for Medicare this year, including the PDR?
Drew Asher: Yes. So sometimes, it is tough to glean from public data exactly what we did with benefits or what any payer do with benefits. You can get directional. But if you sort of got into our bids and now our product set that's being sold out there in the market today, you'd see that we heavily trimmed our Part B giveback and PPO plans, but we invested in D-SNP. And with the supplemental benefits, we actually combined a number of supplemental benefits into a simple spendables card. So think Flex, OTC, grocery. And so that simplifies it for the member and you may not actually be able to define that from some of the landscape files. But yes, as we said earlier, we haven't changed our view on sort of our forecast for 2024 in terms of about $16 billion of Medicare Advantage revenue down about $4 billion.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Scott Fidel with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Scott Fidel: Hi, thanks. Wanted to just ask about two salient points relative to medical costs. And first, just maybe an update on the behavioral utilization that you've been seeing earlier in the year and how that's been getting factored into the rates and sort of comfort with that in 2024, I guess, particularly for the big Magellan behavioral book? And then second would just be definitely curious in your thinking just around the new California minimum wage law for health care workers and similar types of legislation and how you sort of are thinking about that factoring into unit costs and into your pricing looking out over the next several years? Thanks. 
Sarah M. London: Yes. So relative to California, that does not apply to MCOs, but we're obviously tracking that for potential pass-through costs from providers. So again, keeping an eye on that. Relative to behavioral, that's still a component of underlying utilization. It's not creating quite as much pressure as we were seeing before. But certainly, within the marketplace population in general, is sort of an industry-wide trend, substance used in opioid use disorder continues to be something that the whole industry is focused on. And to your point about Magellan, the increased focus on integrating medical care with behavioral and one of the things that we hear very consistently when we are out with our state partners, almost every single Governor that we have talked to this year, rates behavioral health and mental health as a number one issue in their state and whether that's staffing shortages, access, thinking about broadband in order to increase telehealth, they are all focused on ways that they can support providing additional behavioral health to their membership, and it has actually created really nice tailwinds relative to our Magellan business. So maybe, Ken, if you want to talk about some of the recent wins that Magellan has experienced as a result of this focus.
Ken Fasola: Yes. Thanks, Sarah, and good morning Scott. We realized success in the state of Idaho, which I think is a forbearer to opportunities to work with other states as they think about the point that Sarah made. I think she and I met over 30 Governors in the last six months. Every one of them mentioned behavioral health is top three. So we're working with a number of states. I won't mention them specifically, but behind the scenes to cultivate opportunities to capitalize on this growing interest among governors and supporting the needs of their Medicaid members with behavioral health. And then the point about the integrated offerings, our public sector, Magellan business, this is a long-standing distinctive competency. It's a business that will power and leverage as we think about combined offerings moving forward. And really excited about our prospects. And with Wade's appointment, Zane and the team that runs business development here, leveraging the Magellan asset, a lot to like about the future.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Sarah James at Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go ahead.
Sarah James: Thank you. So circling back to your comments on the levers having higher HBR than the stayers and 7 out of 21 states adjusting for acuity. Is there any way to give us more color on that sizing the range of the lever versus stayer HBR differential or how influential -- how meaningful the acuity adjustments are to rates overall?
Drew Asher: Yes, it's consistent with our expectations and as you might imagine, it really varies by state to state subpopulation to subpopulation. And you're right, with the 1/1 rates, 7 of them in, all including acuity adjustments, feel pretty good about the matching of rates so far with a couple of exceptions, but in the aggregate, matching of the rates with our acuity forward estimates.
Sarah M. London: And I just want to add one clarification, I know this is what you meant, but I just want to be sure that what we're tracking is that the levers HBR is less than the stayers. And that is what was expected. And so one of the things that we've talked about in the past that we did leading into the redeterminations process was identifying those members that we would have predicted would roll off as we look forward into the redetermination process, and then we could subset those populations and run the differential HBR. And those are the inputs that went into our model that we talked about on the Q1 call as we build up what both rate and acuity, we would want across each state and then rolled up to the portfolio in order to be tracking as we are in line with expectation going into 2024.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Michael Ha with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Michael Ha: Thank you. Just first quickly, regarding exchange sequential membership growth, the 386,000, how much of that 386,000 is purely best recapture Medicaid redetermination? Number two, regarding MA, I'm curious to hear your thoughts on what transpired in California, the star ratings decline disruption there across a number of market-leading plans, whether that might positively impact your MA growth assumptions in California? And then lastly, on Star ratings improvement. I understand in 2Q, you had about 47% of your MA lives in value-based care arrangements. It grew about 3% year-to-year, but what was the percentage change of lives and downside arrangements, I'm curious because I understand if this metric improves, so does the overall consumer experience, which could help organically generate improvement in quality, consumer experience metrics, so I'm trying to understand how much tailwind that could be for next year? Thank you. 
Sarah M. London: Yes. Thanks, Michael. So of the 386,000 in the quarter, it's not a perfect science to figure out exactly which are coming through pure enrollment growth versus those coming over from redeterminations. We're obviously able to track those who are moving from a Centene plan to a Centene plan. And then we extrapolate based on the data that we are seeing based on the data that CMS is publishing and then in cases where we can specifically identify which of those members are coming over from a competitor. So not entirely clear that we can, again, sort of dissect that membership as you talked about.  In California, I think what we're seeing in California is actually consistent with what you see across the entire country, if you take a step back and the fact that the two key cut points that were put in place this year were tougher in those middle ranges of star ratings and particularly trimmed the outliers as we all know. And so that was part of what happened in California. But I think it's too early what impact that will have in terms of overall competitive outcomes through the AEP process because we're only about 10 days into that, but certainly look forward to updating everybody on that at Investor Day.  And then relative to stars and value-based arrangements, again, we're still in that high 40% range from a value-based care standpoint, and it is a mix of upside only and upside downside risk. And you're right, as we move members into more downside risk arrangements, we get tighter alignment between us and the providers. We lead to better HEDIS outcomes in terms of getting members in addressing gaps in care. And we know that there's a direct correlation between members who access care and their ultimate CAP scores. And so that has been a huge focus for us in general, but obviously, a leverage point where we can use our provider partnerships to help accelerate that work, particularly on our Stars improvement journey.
Operator: Thank you. And today's final question comes from Calvin Sternick with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Calvin Sternick: Thanks for the questions. A couple of clarifications. So first, on the 1/1/2024 rate update, I think you said so far some of the states are including acuity adjusters. Just to be clear, is the expectation of the rest of that 1/1 cohort will also provide acuity adjusters? And then second, I think in the past, you've talked about the percent of 0 and low utilizers being up only marginally. Does that fully normalize back to the historical range or is there still some room for that to work its way down? Thanks. 
Drew Asher: Yes. We do expect. Other than one state where we're only LTSS which is an exception, obviously, relative to redeterminations, the answer is yes to your first question. And then you're right, we're still shifting during this intermediate time period of getting to a post redetermination environment from the pre and the pre-redetermination environment, the 0 utilizers were up for the expansion population. They're actually down and CHIP and TANF, as you're recalling correctly, was flat. So we're moving through that process, refreshing data. But that's sort of -- we're in between the pre and the post redetermination phase, so that will shift throughout that time period.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Sarah London for any closing remarks.
Sarah M. London: Thanks, Rocco. As we close out this morning, I'd just like to thank our more than 66,000 employees for delivering excellent results this quarter and year-to-date. As a company, we remain focused on our mission and on creating value for our members, our stakeholders, and our shareholders. We appreciate the time and interest this morning and look forward to continuing this discussion at our upcoming Investor Day in December. Thanks, everybody.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. We thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-28 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Centene Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, today's event is being recorded.  I would now like to turn the conference over to Jennifer Gilligan, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am. 
Jennifer Gilligan : Thank you, Rocco, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on our second quarter earnings results conference call. Sarah London, Chief Executive Officer; and Drew Asher, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Centene, will host this morning's call, which also can be accessed through our website at centene.com. Ken Fasola, Centene's President, will also be available as a participant during Q&A.  Any remarks that Centene may make about future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for the purpose of the safe harbor provision under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by those forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in Centene's most recent Form 10-K filed on February 21, 2023, and other public SEC filings.  Centene anticipates that subsequent events and developments may cause its estimates to change. While the company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so.  The call will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of these measures, with the most directly comparable GAAP measures, can be found in our second quarter 2023 press release, which is available on the company's website under the Investors section. The company is unable to provide a reconciliation of certain 2024 measures to the corresponding GAAP measures without unreasonable efforts due to the difficulty of predicting the timing and amounts of various items within a reasonable range.  With that, I would like to turn the call over to our CEO, Sarah London. Sarah? 
Sarah London : Thank you, Jen, and good morning. Thank you for joining us for Centene's Q2 earnings call. Our second quarter performance demonstrated Centene's ability to deliver solid results amid a dynamic healthcare landscape. We reported $2.10 of adjusted diluted EPS for the quarter and lifted our 2023 premium and service revenue forecast by another $1.8 billion. We now expect to deliver at least $6.45 of adjusted EPS for full year 2023, a $0.05 increase compared to April guidance.  We are proud of the progress we are making with respect to the execution of our strategy, achieving operational milestones, while delivering on the financial commitments we've made to our shareholders. Importantly, our balanced portfolio of core businesses delivered strong second quarter financials, with Marketplace growth and Medicaid performance both running slightly ahead of expectation.  Let me provide a few updates related to our progress in each business line, and then share the latest on our value creation work. Let's start with Medicaid.  Since our Q1 call, Medicaid redeterminations have formally kicked off in every one of our 30 active states. The time our team spent over the last 18 months preparing for redeterminations has positioned us well to support our state partners, establishing timely information exchange and shared workflow as well as reaching out directly to members to provide education around process and enrollment options.  Year-to-date, we have made 9 million outreach attempts, with early indications of higher-than-normal member engagement. These outreach efforts, inclusive of more than 15,000 community events, also contribute to our ability to recapture members, even if initially disenrolled as part of redeterminations. We are actively tracking the number of members that we are recapturing post-procedural disenrollment and expect the percentage to meaningfully advance as this process unfolds.  At an enterprise level, net Medicaid membership is consistent with expectations. We have seen ebbs and flows from month to month as states continue to evolve and refine their processes. Given the recent news that CMS is requiring states -- certain states to pause redeterminations and reinstate members who were dropped for procedural reasons, we will be closely tracking any impact this may have on the membership slope over the next few months.  Much of the redeterminations' journey remains ahead, and we continue to monitor the major levers, including rate, acuity and membership. Based on our most recent analysis and informed by member lists and acuity projections from our state partners, our expectation around member acuity for 2023 remains unchanged.  As we assess who is staying versus leaving, we are tracking consistent with the acuity modeling we discussed on our first quarter call in April. Medicaid rate conversations continue to be constructive. We are consistently seeing states take acuity adjustments into consideration in their rate updates. And at an enterprise level, we remain on track with our expectations for 2023.  Overall, we are grateful for the partnership and trust placed with us by the states we serve and for the leadership CMS has shown in helping us to ensure that eligible Medicaid members do not experience unnecessary coverage gaps as states work through the unprecedented scale of this redetermination process.  From a Medicaid business development standpoint, we chalked an exciting new business win in June, as our team in Oklahoma was selected by the Oklahoma Healthcare Authority for statewide contracts to provide managed care for the SoonerSelect and SoonerSelect Children's Specialty Plan programs. The team delivered a strong RFP response and was the sole source winner for the Children's Specialty program, designed to serve children and families involved in the child welfare and juvenile systems, including foster care. This represents Centene's 31st state and our sixth Sole Source Foster Care contract.  Overall, Medicaid, our largest and longest-running business, delivered strong results in the second quarter, and our market teams continue to prove the value of the local approach, demonstrating innovative and comprehensive support for our members and state partners as we continue to execute against redeterminations in the coming months and quarters.  Turning to Medicare. Our quarter-end membership was 1.3 million, with approximately 47% of Medicare Advantage lives associated with value-based care arrangements, a 300 basis-point increase from Investor Day as we've added key VBC partners to our network. Second quarter results reflect some slightly higher outpatient claims experience within Medicare during the month of May. Drew will provide more detail on this as well as our bid posture for 2024, but it is worth noting that our increased 2023 adjusted EPS guidance incorporates our latest view of trend and pockets of slightly higher Medicare utilization in the back half of the year should that occur.  Given our discussion in Q1 around Stars, I'd like to provide an update on what we expect to see in October and what we are seeing year-to-date around Stars' improvement efforts that will inform future results. As a reminder, on our Q1 call in April, I shared that we expected minimal progress in 4-star plans, but that we anticipated solid overall contract improvement, reflecting the operational investments we have made. With more complete program data, our projection show some more pressure on 4-star results, but we are still expecting solid overall contract progression, thanks to strong improvements in admin and ops and pharmacy measures, which have been our focus in this first cycle.  With several contracts close to the bubble, variability in cut points means we could end the cycle with no 4-star contracts compared to our current single contract representing 2.7% of members. While this is disappointing, we do expect to see meaningful movement in our 3- and 3.5-star bands in October, and roughly 2/3 of our members are in plans showing year-over-year improvement. Pulling up these underperforming contracts represents tangible progress in delivering economic value to Medicare as we look to 2025 and beyond.  As a reminder, in Q1, we reset our quality strategy to maximize contracts that reach the 3.5-star threshold, consistent with our renewed focus on serving complex and dual-eligible members beginning with our 2024 bids. Put simply, Star strategy is different when you're managing complex and duals populations. Strong performance at 3.5 stars with Centene's target member mix will give our Medicare business the economics necessary to serve these populations well and support our multiyear performance goals.  With this in mind, we have set a revised target of reaching 85% of members in 3.5 star plans by October of 2025. We are closely monitoring in-year Star metrics and continue to see important markers of sustained improvement, consistent with our remarks on the Q1 call. A few examples include: a 27% reduction in year-over-year call volumes resulting from a redesigned member onboarding process that features digital outreach and member self-service; consistent 4-star performance in our core admin and ops metrics; call center service levels for members, providers and brokers at or above target with first call resolution in the mid-80s; year-to-date member provider and broker satisfaction scores in the mid-90s; and the addition of 24,000 new physicians across our Medicare network year-to-date as we look to ensure robust access options for our members.  Medicare Advantage provides Centene with an important opportunity to serve low-income and medically complex seniors. It also represents a significant long-term earnings opportunity as we strengthen the overall performance and trajectory of our program.  Moving to Marketplace. Our Ambetter Health franchise continues to outperform. This truly differentiated asset creates a unique growth opportunity for Centene, both near and long term. We ended the quarter with 3.3 million Marketplace lives exceeding our previous projections.  Our strong membership results were driven by strategic product design, long-standing and differentiated broker relationships and overall market growth. Our large and growing Marketplace platform is well positioned to provide coverage to beneficiaries losing Medicaid eligibility from redeterminations, and we are leveraging our networks and engagement tools to support members during this transition.  Where states allow, we are educating our Medicaid members about Marketplace options and are working to proactively communicate with members who we predict will likely be eligible for Marketplace in order to preserve continuity of coverage.  During just May and June, Ambetter Health successfully outreached to potential members with more than 160,000 digital touch points via e-mail or SMS as part of our redetermination efforts. We expect this dynamic will continue to fuel growth in Marketplace throughout the remainder of the year and into 2024.  Finally, our value-creation initiatives are advancing well. We continue to take a rigorous approach to streamlining core SG&A as we focus and fortify the organization for the future. This includes additional work to standardize our operating model, while maintaining the hyper local care that differentiates Centene in the market.  The implementation of our new PBM contract remains on track, as we've achieved all first half 2023 milestones and look forward to our first go-live dates in early 2024. Our portfolio review work also continues. And in June, we closed the divestiture of Apixio to New Mountain Capital. We structured the transaction to maintain an ownership position as well as a long-term contract because of our view that Apixio's proven artificial intelligence tools are uniquely positioned for this moment in healthcare technology. We believe that partnering with New Mountain will allow Apixio to innovate rapidly through continued investment, while we continue as an influential customer and minority owner. This is a great example of our thoughtful efforts to maximize long-term value as we reposition noncore assets.  In parallel, as our value-creation efforts create operating bandwidths, we continue to build our M&A pipeline and look forward to diversifying our capital deployment as strategic opportunities for inorganic growth emerge.  Overall, Centene delivered another quarter of solid financial results, while executing against a robust list of transformative initiatives to move our company forward. With half of 2023 in the books, we are excited to leverage our positive momentum as we work to support our state partners throughout the duration of redeterminations, maintain our leadership position in Marketplace, and strategically realign our Medicare Advantage business, building momentum around Star and positioning our products for long-term growth and profitability.  Centene's improved earnings power in 2023 is a direct result of the focus and hard work that our organization is demonstrating every single day across our markets. We remain confident in our ability to achieve greater than $6.60 of adjusted earnings per share in 2024 as we continue to execute against our strategic framework, creating value for members, customers and shareholders alike.  With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Drew to review the quarter and our financial outlook in more detail. Drew? 
Drew Asher: Thank you, Sarah. Today, we reported second quarter 2023 results of $35 billion in premium and service revenue and adjusted diluted earnings per share of $2.10, up over 18% from $1.77 in Q2 of 2022. Our Q2 consolidated HBR was 87.0%, consistent with our expectation and on track with our full year guidance range. Medicaid at 88.9% was a little favorable from the item that we mentioned on the first quarter call, and so far so good on matching rates with acuity, though it is still early in the redetermination process.  Medicare at 86.2% was a little higher in the quarter than planned as we also saw May outpatient incurred claims higher than the January through April period, largely in outpatient surgery. With respect to progression, May outpatient trend was higher than April, then it came down in June. July so far is steady with June. Inpatient was on track, and our previous guidance already assumed a Q1 Medicare HBR favorability would not continue.  The commercial HBR of 81% was consistent with our expectations, inclusive of continued strong Marketplace growth of 200,000 members in the quarter. Recall that special enrollment period members start with a lower margin profile and therefore, higher HBR than full year members, due in part to risk adjustment mechanics, where the shorter duration doesn't get full credit for health conditions. Though if retained for the following year, the SEP cohort has proven to be attractive. Our guidance contemplates growth to a peak of approximately 3.6 million members in Q4.  On the topic of Marketplace risk adjustment, 2022 was recently finalized by CMS, and we received our first view of the 2023 risk adjustment from the Wakely data in June and July. Overall, no surprises in Marketplace risk adjustment. And as of June 30, we have lowered our booked risk adjustment revenue estimates by a cumulative $314 million given the financial condition of a couple of Marketplace competitors. Though we have made this prudent adjustment to our revenue over each of the past five quarters, we plan on fully asserting our rights to collect what we are owed for risk adjustment. To be clear, we have already absorbed this $314 million hit, and this was the biggest reconciling item between the CMS published amount owed to us for 2022 and what was on our books prior to June of 2023.  Moving to other P&L and balance sheet items. Our adjusted SG&A expense ratio was 8.6% in the second quarter compared to 8.2% last year, consistent with our updated mix of business. Cash flow provided by operations was $2.5 billion in the second quarter, primarily driven by net earnings and the timing of premium payments from our state partners. Our domestic unregulated and unrestricted cash on hand at quarter end was $200 million.  During the second quarter and through July, we repurchased 10.5 million shares of our common stock for $700 million. Year-to-date, we have repurchased 15.4 million shares for $1.08 billion. We also reduced debt by $300 million in the quarter and achieved debt to adjusted EBITDA of 2.9x. Our medical claims liability totaled $17 billion at quarter end and represents 52 days in claims payable compared to 54 in Q1 of '23 and 55 in Q2 of '22. The decrease was driven by state-directed payments that we collected over prior quarters and paid out in a lump sum in Q2, the largest related to California Hospital and Prop 56 payments, representing $713 million or 2.2 days sequentially.  Outside of adjusted earnings, during the second quarter, divestiture activity produced a net $0.11 gain in the quarter, and we also recognized additional real estate impairments of $0.02, consistent with our ongoing real estate optimization initiatives.  Now let's turn to the full year of 2023. We are pleased with the performance of the company in the first half of the year and are increasing our outlook to at least $6.45 of adjusted EPS for 2023. We are increasing 2023 premium and service revenue by $1.8 billion to reflect an additional $800 million of state-directed payments as well as refinement in Medicaid and Marketplace premium revenue progression throughout the year.  Our 2023 guidance continues to include an approximate $200 million Premium Deficiency Reserve for Medicare, as we discussed on the Q1 call. The PDR would be recorded in Q4 of 2023. 2023 guidance also includes a little over $1 billion in investment income, excluding divestiture gain and losses.  To go a little bit deeper in Medicaid for 2023, during our first quarter call, we discussed many of our assumptions related to redeterminations that supported our forward projections. We have continued to monitor the actual member data against our projections by state and subpopulation. And as of July, we are tracking consistent with that updated forecast that we provided in April.  The matching of rates to acuity continues to be a very important lever for the company as we navigate the redeterminations process. 14 of our 30 states provide rate updates between 7/1 and 10/1 each year. 12 of those have provided us rates, all of which include acuity adjustments. The other two are still working on rate updates. And based upon discussions, we expect those also to include acuity adjustments.  Beyond 2023, we are continually assessing our positioning for 2024, whether analyzing redetermination data and rate actions, assessing our 2024 bid assumptions in Medicare against current data, or examining our continued growth and performance of Marketplace. Accordingly, we continue to have confidence in our 2024 adjusted EPS floor of greater than $6.60. To give you a little bit more color on 2024, that $6.60 has an embedded forecasted ballpark $0.80 loss from Medicare Advantage. In other words, if we were merely breakeven in Medicare Advantage in 2024, that $6.60 would be approximately $7.40.  Let me close by addressing some of the concerns I've heard over the past few months. Number one, redeterminations. Our early results are playing out well compared to our assumptions, and states understand that in order to have actuarial soundness, acuity adjustments are necessary. Still plenty of execution ahead, but being on track is a good start.  Number two, Medicare trend. We came into the year assuming double-digit outpatient trend, and did so again for 2024. And as you know, our Medicare business is under construction for 2024, as we are investing in certain products and pulling back in others. Based upon current forecasts, we expect our Medicare segment to produce approximately 14% of our premium and service revenue in 2024 compared to 16% in the current quarter. And any change in our view of 2024 margin in Medicare, better or worse by the time we get to the fourth quarter of 2023, merely flexes the PDR we booked in 2023 up or down.  Number three, growth. We couldn't be more pleased with our performance in the Oklahoma RFP for both broad Medicaid and foster care, and we look forward to the State of North Carolina implementing Medicaid expansion. We continue to execute well in Marketplace, where our industry-best overall position has enabled us to grow Marketplace membership 62% year-over-year.  And while yes, we have to get through the rest of redeterminations, we still have value creation initiatives to execute upon and we have years of work ahead on Stars, there's a lot to like here. So while the market trades us at 10x to 11x earnings, we'll keep on executing, buying Centene shares and building up our M&A pipeline to acquire as we create operational capacity.  Thank you for your interest in Centene. Operator, Rocco, you can open the line up for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Today's first question comes from Stephen Baxter at Wells Fargo. 
Stephen Baxter : I still think there's maybe a little bit of confusion out there about the adjustments you're talking about on the exchanges in the quarter. Maybe you could break down those adjustments a little bit further, just so we can really assess core performance.  I guess potentially, what was the benefit related to the 2022 plan year that you saw in the quarter? And then you're also talking about lowering booked revenue, I think, related to the financial conditions of some of the potential payers in the market. Is that related to 2022, or 2023, or some combination of both? I guess just trying to understand the underlying components of that $350 million figure you cited a little bit better? 
Sarah London : Stephen, thanks for the question. I appreciate it. This is obviously an important dynamic to understand. I'll let Drew walk through the mechanics and address your question, but there's one important point and takeaway that I do want to make sure we don't lose, which is that it is a testament to strength and experience of our Ambetter team, that were not only demonstrating tremendous growth, but ensuring that growth is profitable through prudent risk adjustment planning. And I think that's sort of the overlay to all of this, but let me make sure that Drew walks through all of the mechanics. 
Drew Asher: Yes, Stephen. And understandably, it's a little complicated. And it's difficult to define some of these numbers with public information heretofore. So let me try to make it clear.  So let's start with 2022 risk adjustment. The CMS final announcement was that we were owed $648 million. And as you did and others, you could look back at our 10-K and see that we had $58 million on our books at year-end. So it's a $590 million difference.  You heard the $300 million-plus item, that's almost completely related to the 2022 year. We have a little bit of that for '23 as one of those competitors was in the exchanges in certain markets for about half a year this year and appeared to be out now. So 300 -- over 300 is the largest reconciling item.  And then similar to what you heard yesterday from one of my peers, there is margin on estimates. Just like in IBNR, you put margin on estimates because you never want to book to an exact 50-50 outcome. And so that margin rolls every year. That's about $100 million. So that doesn't drop to the bottom line. It gets reestablished. And then breakage for minimum MLRs where we're really performing well in some of our contracts. We have RADV accruals. And so you get through all of that, you get down to $39 million would have been the P&L benefit for -- recognized in '23 for the final issuance of what we are owed by CMS, and that was recognized over first and second quarter.  Now let me jump to 2023. 2023, you can see we've shifted -- we've got about $300 million on our books for 2022 receivable. We've shifted to about $1.5 billion net payable for 2023, which demonstrates the strength of the acuity of the population and our estimates, partially informed by the Wakely data we got in June and July of where we expect to be relative to our peers. And we also booked that with some margin consistently year-to-year, and we'll see how that shakes out. But we see that as a good sign. And you always have to look at that in tandem with the acuity of the population, including our excellent growth this year. 
Operator: And our next question today comes from Josh Raskin at Nephron Research. 
Joshua Raskin : Just looking at 2024 and adjusting for the PDR, EPS next year would be -- if you sort of moved it from this year to next year, EPS would be down, call it, mid-single digits. Can you just help us bucket broad strokes? How much is Medicaid headwind from redeterminations? How much is MA? I think you sized the loss there. How much is earnings from exchanges? Is that going to rise? I'm sure there's a benefit from lower G&A dollars. There's a share buyback.  Just any directional commentary to help us understand sort of the puts and takes? And then, just lastly, help us understand the PDR and why that doesn't cover the entirety of the loss for Medicare Advantage next year? 
Drew Asher: Yes, let me start. Thanks, Josh. Let me start with your last question. Yes, it's the accounting rules around PDRs. You really only pick up -- think of it as like the marginal loss and direct cost necessary to administer the contract, including distribution costs, but there's a lot you can't pull into a PDR in that SG&A. So that's why we still have an $0.80 loss -- the ballpark of $0.80 loss embedded in that $6.60 in 2024, despite the fact we're rolling a projected $200 million or, call it, $0.27 or so PDR into '24.  If you step back and think about -- and we've given a number of these elements of '24, even though, typically, we give '24 guidance at Investor Day in December of '23. But we've given a lot of information, so let me try to summarize some of that. Medicaid, about a $7 billion incremental revenue headwind. We've all known that for a while, and that's built into the figures we gave out in Q1. About a $77 billion Medicare revenue premium stream in 2024. So a little bit of a headwind there in terms of volume.  And then if you'll recall the bridge that we walked through in Q1 of HBR, going from a projected 89.8 in '23 to 90.1, inclusive of an allowance for some potential pressure and a mismatch between acuity and rates as well as some benefit from our PBM arrangement. So there's a couple of headwinds in Medicaid.  Obviously, we talked about the $0.80 headwind, which is not just the $0.80, but it's -- we're making a little bit Medicare this year, we expect to. So it's that swing. Marketplace, you're absolutely right. Not just the continued push on margin in Marketplace, but the growth this year and how that matures into next year, the sophomore year of special enrollment period members is attractive, as I mentioned in the script.  And then you're right, we've got other elements like the annualization of this year's share buybacks. So those are the pieces that get you to the $6.60, inclusive of the $0.80 headwind that's embedded in that, which we expect to recover over the next couple few years. 
Operator: And our next question today comes from Justin Lake at Wolfe Research. 
Justin Lake : I've got a few, hopefully, simple number of questions, I'll rattle off to you here and we'll see what you can answer. The first one is, I've got you at about 3 -- or I should say, 20% of your Medicare Advantage members right now in 3.5 star plans. So I appreciate you've given the 85% for '26. I was hoping you might be able to give us a '25 ballpark there where you expect to be in October for 3.5 star plans?  Then Drew, you said 14% of Medicare revenue -- 14% of revenue in Medicare. What does that imply for MA membership next year? And then just lastly, on the rate increases you're getting in the third quarter, how are the overall rates coming in versus typical 1% to 2% that I think you guys talked about? 
Sarah London : Thanks for the questions, Justin. I'll take the first one, and then turn it over to Drew. We're still a little bit early relative to cut points. So again, that 85% target for October of '25, then to your point, revenue year '26, we're seeing really solid improvement as I pointed to in terms of 2/3 of our membership moving in contract improvement year-over-year.  Directionally and again, it's still -- the numbers are not final, but just to give you a sense, if we -- this year, we're sitting in about 50% of plans that are in 3 star or above. We expect that to be around 90% of members in 3-star or better come October. And so the exact numbers that fall in 3 or 3.5 really depends on those cut points that we don't have yet, but just so you understand sort of the magnitude of directional improvement that we're tracking. 
Drew Asher: Justin, I tried to give you all the inputs, but let me do some math to you -- for you. So last quarter, we said $128 billion for next year's revenue. Obviously, we'll refine that as we get through the year. So if you multiply that by 14%, that's $18 billion.  Our Medicare segment includes MA and PDP, PDPs in the zone of a couple of billion. So you can get down to about $16 billion of MA revenue. And if you did the same exercise for this year, we'd be in the zone of $20 billion in MA revenue.  And then part 3 was the third quarter rates. Yes, they're sort of -- they're consistent with our expectation. They're all over the board because when we're -- if you're deep into a payable risk corridor in a state, then ultimately, they're going to recalibrate the rates to that. Although there's no net impact to the company if we're in the corridor.  So it's not that instructive to go through, and we never go state by state. But let me just step up to a higher level and say we've been working well with our states. And the typical back and forth with states on the non-acuity parts of rates and call that normal course. 
Operator: And our next question today comes from Lance Wilkes with Bernstein. 
Lance Wilkes : Great. Just a couple of questions on kind of capital deployment and raising capital. As far as the MA business, could you talk a little bit about variability of profitability by geography? And obviously, part of that would be, are there opportunities to maybe sell off portions of that business, lower performing portions or whatnot? And I guess related in the other direction is, you mentioned M&A pipeline. Just interested in what the priorities are as you're looking at deploying capital? 
Sarah London : Yes. Thanks, Lance, for the question. So relative to Medicare Advantage, I think our view is, to your point, we take a geography-by-geography approach to looking at that portfolio. Our lens is through big construction as we look at '24 and '25 and where there are less profitable products that we've put out there. And we talked about this on the Q1 call, but we've been very focused as we constructed '24 bids on this idea that there are less profitable or less aligned products, and that's where we are sort of aggressively pruning.  So directionally aligned, but not through the lens of divestiture, more through the lens of rightsizing and realigning the MA book overall to create that solid platform for growth and the synergy that it provides with the focus on lower income and complex members to our Medicaid footprint.  And then for the M&A pipeline, again, we continue to be focused on opportunities that are -- we consider sort of right down the fairway, relative to our three core business lines, that being our primary focus, but also acknowledging that we have two strong and important retail businesses, which is how we think about Marketplace and Medicare and the platform that we think Marketplace provides in terms of long-term growth relative to what we're seeing from gig workers, contract workers, ICRA and sort of burdening individual Marketplace, what are some of the capabilities that we think are going to be important to own those distinctive competencies. And so those are also part of the consideration in the overall M&A pipeline. 
Operator: And our next question today comes from A.J. Rice at Credit Suisse. 
A.J. Rice : Just to circle back to couple of things on the Medicaid reverifications. Obviously, it's sort of a herculean task for the states to go through this process. It seems like everyone involved. Is it having any impact? It doesn't seem like it -- but I'll ask the question on either RFPs working through the system or RFPs that are being awarded, be it stood up? Have you seen any spillover impact on any of that?  And then just a follow-up on Drews comment on the acuity adjustments. Just give us the latest thinking on how quickly those acuity adjustments may happen as data rolls in? And are there any states that are saying, "Hey, we'll help you out prospectively anticipating some change?" 
Sarah London : Yes. Thanks, A.J. I'll let Drew talk about the rates, but it is important just to -- as a reminder, that we saw -- we have a number of states that had a 7/1 renewal and had very constructive conversations. All of those states have included acuity adjustments. And we're seeing that trend carry forward, but I'll let him get specific on that.  Relative to the overall Medicaid redeterminations landscape, you are right that this is sort of an unprecedented scale of effort. And we've been really pleased with the level of partnership that we've seen the states and in general, a trend that states are leaning in to the value of public-private partnership that we offer.  But Ken's been out talking with our Medicaid directors and our governors very closely over the last weeks and months. So I'll let him provide a little bit more color on that, and then kick it over to Drew to just talk a bit about the rate discussions. 
Ken Fasola: Yes. Thanks, A.J. In fact, we were with nearly 14 governors last week, had an opportunity to spin through the Republican Governors Association. And in every conversation we had, redeterminations came up with an eye towards, one, what are we seeing by virtue of the view we have across multiple markets, best methods and genuine appreciation for opportunity that's available to provide more informed counsel to members throughout reach.  Sarah mentioned the millions of interactions that we've had, the collaboration with the departments, clearly an eye towards doing the best to give members a chance to make an informed decision. And when there's procedural disenrollments to move quickly to provide the opportunity to get those folks either into the right spot, whether it's in Medicaid or we're seeing opportunities in the Marketplace.  Finally, to your point about whether it's going to slow the pipeline, there's no indication of that with respect to procurement and reprocurements. Drew? 
Drew Asher: Yes, A.J., on acuity, over the -- really, over the past year, we've been putting data in front of our state partners and working collaboratively with them and their actuaries in anticipation of the commencement of redeterminations.  So often, really on behalf of all the payers in the Marketplace in Medicaid, we're working with the state and the associations to influence for what we think is appropriate in terms of not just rates, but the acuity component within rates.  And then by definition, the 7/1 rate increases, and we sold two outstanding between 7/1 and 10/1, but the 12 that we've gotten so far, all of which have had acuity adjustments with a focus on the redetermination impact. By definition, those are prospective, except for maybe the couple of months that we have under our belt so far in redeterminations. So pretty pleased with the partnership with our state partners. And plenty of work to do, A.J., but it's a good start. 
Operator: And our next question today comes from Kevin Fischbeck, Bank of America. 
Kevin Fischbeck : I want to follow up on the comment that redetermination is going as expected. It seems like when you read some of the news articles that things are going -- fielding kicked off faster. Obviously, the administration is stepping in, which implies that things are going maybe a little bit faster.  We'd love just to kind of hear how you're thinking about it? What it exactly means to have this delay? Would you expect the pace to change dramatically? Or have you changed your view about the pace of enrollment losses through the year? And is this slowdown of the administration is pushing? Is it more about the timing of how things go the rest of this year? Or do you think that ultimately, it will change that the number of people who get redetermined to often see enrollment? 
Sarah London : Thanks, Kevin. Yes, we had always anticipated upfront bolus of redeterminations just because of the fact that there were certain states that were moving faster than others and others that had taken a more ratable approach. So I think the idea that there is a big amount of upfront data is helpful, but not unexpected.  And then that has also given us some visibility into where there may be data issues that are causing -- or sort of the procedural disenrollments are higher than the states might have originally been expecting. In aggregate, though, as we said, our membership is on track with our expectations.  We are recapturing members who fell off, but still have eligibility. And because of all of the outreach efforts we're making, we're able to bring those members back on and track the fact that we're able to successfully reenroll them. And again, we do expect that number to grow over the course of the program.  Relative to the CMS intervention, our view is that CMS has provided great flexibility for the states to go a little bit slower. Obviously, in recent weeks, they've taken a bit of a stronger stance relative to a certain cohort of states, but it's still too early to see whether that will have a major impact on the slope. Obviously, they've asked certain states to pause for a month in other states, they're looking to extend the grace period relative to members replying to enrollment requests. And so again, hard to say whether that's a slowdown to make sure that states are getting the process right, so that they can continue at pace or whether for those states that quick out of the gate, it slows them down overall and what that does to the slope line, but that's something we're obviously going to be tracking very closely over the next couple of months. 
Drew Asher: Yes. And then just one last data point. The ultimate sort of roll-off of redeterminations, our view hasn't changed. Still about 65% of what we grew since the onset of the pandemic. 3.6 million members would have been the growth. So 65% of that rolling off would be 2.3 million to 2.4 million members, about $9.5 billion to $10 billion of cumulative revenue. So that's already factored into the numbers we gave in Q1, the $77 billion, for instance, of forecasted Medicaid premium. 
Operator: And our next question today comes from Scott Fidel with Stephens. 
Scott Fidel : I appreciate all the details that you gave us on some of the dynamics in the Marketplace. May be helpful to just to bring it up to sort of the high level if you wanted to share, what type of commercial MLR you're now sort of embedding in the 2023 guide and then in the 2024 floor of at least $6.60?  And then inside of that, definitely appreciate the conservatism around some of these receivables from some of these plants out there that are in a tough condition. Would you be willing to maybe just give us a little insight into how you sort of develop that $350 million reduction in terms of sort of, I guess, how that breaks down between Friday and bright? Or just how your methodology works is it just sort of a general level of conservatism that you're building in there? 
Drew Asher: Yes, the team -- thanks, Scott. The team does a lot of work to mine out balance sheet positioning and statutory capital of our peers that are in potential financial difficulty, looking at what assets are backing reserves on their balance sheets.  And then you're right, hopefully taking a conservative approach on that and doing that different depending on the carrier situation. So we'll see how that plays out. I hope to get every nickel of that $314 million, but trying to be realistic and prudent, but we will fight for it because that's shareholder money.  On the HBR for commercial. Commercial includes both Marketplace, and we've got about $3 billion of commercial group business, which runs sort of meaningfully higher structurally than our Marketplace business. And we still expect to do a little bit better than last year. Last year, commercial, we posted an 81.1. But thinking about the SEP membership rolling in, with a little bit higher HBR, now that's not for a full year. So you have to sort of slope that through. But from a progression standpoint because the deductible natures of the commercial business, you should expect like an ongoing tick up of that total commercial HBR, but it's sort of on track to what we expect. 
Sarah London : And again, just important to remember that the performance of the core business and Marketplace is allowing us to absorb that SEP growth. And those members tend to become more profitable in their sophomore year. So assuming good retention, the book that we're building this year will have incremental contribution next year. 
Operator: And our next question today comes from Michael Ha with Morgan Stanley. 
Michael Ha : Maybe just quickly first on Medicaid acuity adjustments. Wondering where these adjustments assumed are embedded in your 1.4% composite rate increase guide for '23? Or are you now tracking better than that for '23? Trying to understand if these mid-year renewals actually represent upside to your guide? And then on Star, I believe you're originally targeting 20% of members in 4-STAR+PLUS plans at your Investor Day? Now that came down to about 14% to 18% last quarter, and now 0%. I'm trying to understand what exactly changed since last quarter? It sounds like you might not have received cut points yet, or maybe I'm wrong, you did, and they're far more difficult. Was it driven by the two key outlier deletion? I'm just trying to get some more insight on what changed from last quarter to now? And does that even influence your '24 MA growth assumptions? 
Sarah London : Yes. So let me hit Stars and sort of rebate. So we did -- at Investor Day, we were looking at 20% in 4 stars. On the Q1 call, because of what we saw in terms of the overall Medicare rate environment, some of the changes that we had made coming into the year, relative to a focus on duals and what we were planning to do for 2024 bid construction and going forward, we walked through the fact that for our target population, right, which is increasingly going to be low-income complex and duals members, that 3.5 stars is the more appropriate focal point for our Star strategy.  And so that is really how, over the next 3 to 4 cycles, we're looking at success in Star. And so I also on that call, pointed out that we were seeing 4-star progress in the measures that we had visibility into at that point, which were those core admin and ops and pharmacy measures, which is our focus in this first cycle, but that we had a number of contracts that were on the bubble and that we were taking a conservative approach and actually assuming minimal progress.  So the takeaway from the Q1 call was minimal progress in 4-star off that 2.7% baseline. What we're saying today is with additional view of HEDIS and CAHPS and some degree of sort of case mix, that there's a little bit more pressure in that 4-star. Again, it's too early to say because we don't have cut points, but we want to be very transparent, and we used very conservative assumptions.  This does not impact 2024, right, because we already know the revenue for 2024, but it certainly was an input as we looked at 2024 bid construction, relative to what we thought about in terms of 2025, 2026 and sort of the multiyear performance targets for the Medicare book.  And again, important to note that we are seeing really solid underlying improvement in the program and really taking a chapter by chapter approach to moving up all of our underperforming contracts into that 3.5 star band, which is where we start to get important economics. Drew pointed this out on the Q1 call as well that there's -- folks know the economics associated with the 4-star, but there's a 3% to 6% economic lift that comes with moving into that 3.5 star band. And when you combine that with the profile of largely or heavily dual-based population, those economics actually work very well relative to the performance we're looking for. 
Drew Asher: And Michael, on the 1.4% composite forecasted rate that we laid out at Investor Day in December of '22, that would have partially reflected our view at the time of what we thought might be necessary for acuity adjustments. But the reason I say partially is because you'll remember, we basically pulled forward sort of a lot of the forecasting for the next couple of years of acuity as we got into the first quarter of 2023.  So what we know now would push that number up, but there's also a counterbalance to that as we continue to perform well, especially in states with paybacks, where we're forecasting for 2023 sort of the calendar year of 2023 to be in paybacks to the tune of about $1.3 billion in Medicaid.  That would be a counterbalance to that because states ultimately adjust the rates by looking at the pool of participants in Medicaid and their positioning in risk corridor payback. So it's sort of a stale number at this point, but those are two factors that would push and pull up that number. 
Operator: And our next question today comes from Sarah James at Cantor Fitzgerald. 
Sarah James : I was wondering if you could quantify what the redetermination impact was in the quarter? And then if we're thinking about the sort of April and May cohort, especially April is coming up towards the end of their 90- to 120-day response period, and I know you guys only have a couple of states in that cohort. But could you talk a little bit about what sort of information you get? Do you know who is responding of your members? And have you gotten any information on what a success rate looks like for that April cohort? 
Drew Asher: Yes, Sarah, on the question about the impact, you can look at the sort of the membership progression. We're down 263,000 members from 3/31/23 in Medicaid, and that's sort of right on track with what we expected in terms of the impact.  And then on what we can look at -- so it's a good question. I'm looking at each of those monthly cohorts independently, but we could actually see sort of the members boomeranging back at a much higher rate with April because, to your point, we're a few months out from that incurred month as opposed to July, which would be a lower number because there's still some runway there for members to boomerang back.  But so far, that month is in the 20s in terms of percentage of members who lost eligibility that have now regained it without -- importantly, 85% of which without any break in coverage period. There are some members, the other 15% of what we're seeing are being reinstated back to maybe a month or two after they lost eligibility. But it's very early. There's not a lot of redetermination activity in April. So it will be interesting over the next few months to see that dynamic of members getting reinstated. 
Operator: And our next question today comes from Gary Taylor with Cowen. 
Gary Taylor : I have two questions for you. One, a couple of your competitors mentioned that the second quarter results bore -- for not immaterial MLR headwind from the California court settlement related to COVID costs out of period. So just wondering if your quarter did -- this quarter did reflect that or if you had already booked that?  And then secondly, just sort of coming back to Scott's question, I just want to ask about commercial MLR again. And looking at this year-over-year, just to exclude sort of the deductibility seasonality. But in the first quarter, your commercial MLR was down 290. This quarter, it's up 350. A small portion of that is SEP. A small portion of that, I think, is the smaller year-to-year RAF accrual true-up. So it really did seem to deteriorate, but I know you're saying, I think you felt it was in line, and you think the year is still going to come where you expect to land on commercial MLR. So I just wanted to understand that movement between 1Q and 2Q a little better from your view? 
Drew Asher: Yes, on SB 510 in California, we booked that in Q1 when we got that information, which is -- I think we explained this on the Q1 call also is why we were a little bit high at 90.0, and then we had a really good quarter in Q2. So year-to-date, we're looking good in Medicaid.  And then you're right on commercial. You've got the dynamic of Q2 '22, having a really sort of a good guy. We didn't have any insolvency issues from the '21 calendar year. And so that wasn't chipping away at the final settlement from CMS like it is over the last five quarters, including this quarter as well.  So that's sort of the swing item. And our growth was excellent last year, it is tremendous this year. And while that puts a little bit of pressure on the near term, we're thrilled that with our #1 market position, leveraging the Ambetter brand. We're able to grow a lot this year, which will give us earnings power for 2024 and beyond. But that does show up in the current period, HBR a little bit. 
Operator: And our next question today comes from Calvin Sternick with JPMorgan. 
Calvin Sternick : Just a clarification. In terms of the Medicaid retention rate, I know about 1/3 you expect to end up with. But in terms of timing, just given that we have these 90, 120-day sort of reenrollment windows, do you expect to land at that 1/3 number, I guess, second quarter of '24? Or is there going to be sort of a couple of month lag where maybe it will take another quarter before you end up planning that 1/3? 
Drew Asher: Well, part of that depends on whether or not people finish in that 14-month time period. And who knows what might be going on by the time we get to Q1 or Q2 of 2024. So tough to predict exactly when each state will end. But we think that's -- the numbers we gave, without trying to predict exactly the month we hit that, we think that's the ultimate outcome, and that hasn't changed. 
Sarah London : And again, all those outreach efforts that I mentioned are designed to try to minimize the span between someone who's dropped eligibility, but is still eligible in the recapture. And that includes, obviously, the direct outreach, but also relying on primary care physicians and providers in general, so that we're not recapturing folks when they're showing up at an emergency department. And so I think that outreach has also proven to be successful, at least in these early months. 
Operator: And our next question today comes from Steven Valiquette with Barclays. 
Steven Valiquette : Maybe just to shift gears on the Medicare side for a moment, and your comments around the cost trends were definitely helpful. There's still a lot of different theories out there as to why Medicare is seeing elevated cost trend in '23 specifically, particularly in outpatient, while Medicaid and commercial are not really seeing the same elevated trends. So I was just curious to get your thoughts and any additional color on why you think this is happening in Medicare specifically this year? 
Drew Asher: Yes, I mean it's tough to speculate here and don't plan on it, but you could probably think about the composition of our members. 49% of our members in Medicaid are under 19 years old. So there's probably not a lot of cardiac, or ortho, or cataract, which is what we're seeing on the Medicare side.  Other than that, I can't really explain other than saying what we're seeing in Medicaid and Marketplace is pretty stable relative to the pop we saw in May, which is not alarming, but figured it would be a helpful commentary for you guys, given some of the noise around the industry and the fact that our Medicare HBR was a little bit higher than we expected in the second quarter. 
Operator: And our next question today comes from Nathan Rich at Goldman Sachs. 
Nathan Rich : Just a couple of clarifications. Maybe just sticking on that last question. Drew, I'd be curious if you could maybe frame the magnitude of this kind of step down that you saw in June when you're thinking about kind of monthly cadence? And how you're expecting that to play out over the back half of the year?  And then a quick follow-up on the Marketplace margins and expectations for next year. Given both the growth you're seeing, the SEP enrollment, as well as kind of pricing plans for '24, what type of margin improvement you'd expect to see in the commercial business next year just as we think about progression into '24? 
Drew Asher: Well, we definitely have priced for and expect margin progression as we get into 2024. We'll have to give you more of an update as we get towards the end of the year at Investor Day for more specific '24 guidance elements that detailed.  And then on your '23 question related to trend, as Sarah said in her script, we've got accommodation in our at least $6.45 adjusted EPS guidance for some continuation of this. Although to your point, we did see a step down, not all the way back to April, but a step down in June and sort of that holding in July with respect to the relativity from what we saw with May incurred through their second month of development. 
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Sarah London for any closing remarks. 
Sarah London : Thanks, Rocco, and thanks, everyone. We appreciate the interest and all the great questions. We look forward to providing additional updates on our progress as we move through the back half of '23. I hope you all have a great day. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. We thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-25 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Centene Corporation First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After todays presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask question. [Operator Instructions] Please note, todays event is being recorded. I would like to turn the conference call over to Jennifer Gilligan, Senior Vice President, Finance and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jennifer Gilligan: Thank you, Rocco, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on our first quarter earnings results conference call. Sarah London, Chief Executive Officer; and Drew Asher, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Centene will host this mornings call, which can also be accessed through our website at centene.com. Ken Fasola, Centenes President; and Jim Murray, our Chief Operating Officer, will also be available as participants during Q&A. Any remarks that Centene may make about future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for the purpose of the Safe Harbor provision under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by those forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in Centenes most recent Form 10-K filed on February 21, 2023, and other public SEC filings. Centene anticipates that subsequent events and developments may cause its estimates to change. While the company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. The call will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of these measures with the most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our first quarter 2023 press release, which is available on the companys website under the Investors section. The company is unable to provide a reconciliation of certain 2024 measures to the corresponding GAAP measures without unreasonable effort due to the difficulty of predicting the timing and amounts of various items within a reasonable range. With that, I would like to turn the call over to our CEO, Sarah London. Sarah?
Sarah London: Thank you, Jen, and thank you all for joining us this morning as we review our first quarter 2023 results and update both our 2023 guidance and 2024 EPS floor. Centene's first quarter results were strong, reflecting continued positive momentum operationally and the beginning of another year of disciplined execution against our strategic framework. We reported $2.11 of adjusted diluted EPS for the quarter and lifted our premium and service revenue forecast by another $3.7 billion. We also moved our full year 2023 adjusted EPS guidance to at least $6.40, the top of our original range. At the same time, as you saw from the press release, we have updated our 2024 adjusted EPS floor to greater than $6.60. Given the focus on 2024, let me start there by providing more detailed commentary on our insights and current thinking. Then I'll come back to 2023 and our recent progress. A year ago, when I stepped into this role, we were in the early stages of executing against a three-year value creation plan. We saw no reason to change that plan as its basic pillars were rock solid, streamline the company by focusing on our core businesses, price our products for profitable growth, modernize our business processes and tools and deploy capital in a disciplined manner to create enterprise and shareholder value. After 13 months in this role, I am even more convinced that this organization has the capacity to deliver substantially more value to our customers and shareholders. This team has a clear vision for how we intend to execute and transform in a sustainable way as we set ourselves up for the long-term, and we are confident in our long-term growth algorithm. We also have the benefit of a far more complete view of the near-term dynamics we will need to navigate and the investments required to ensure Centene is positioned for market leadership. That combined insight is the underpinning of our revised 2024 earnings floor. I'll outline the major drivers of our decision, and Drew will walk through the numbers and mechanics in more detail. The first and most significant driver is Medicaid redeterminations. Over the last 1.5 months, with the benefit of finalized implementation plans and early data feeds from our state partners, we have refreshed our state-level models and projections to inform an updated view of the potential impact to membership and acuity of the redeterminations process across our 31 health plans. Based on that analysis, 2023 progression looks slightly better, but we now believe it is prudent to build in a more conservative view of the potential disconnect between rates and acuity that could manifest in some of our states in 2024. As a reminder, we view any disconnect as a temporary one. We fully expect that states will ultimately provide sufficient rate adjustments to reflect any changes in acuity of the Medicaid population, but we are building a provision in our 2024 target in case there is a gap in timing in some of our states. We remain committed to ensuring that the most vulnerable members of our communities have ongoing access to high-quality healthcare, and we are empowering our local teams to navigate the redeterminations process in a way that strengthens the partnership with our state customers given their critical importance to our long-term success in Medicaid. The second major driver of our revised 24 outlook is based on our 2024 Medicare bid strategy. As we evaluated the final 2024 CMS rates, our view of potential 2025 program dynamics and the strength we saw in 2023 performance, we decided to use 2024 as an opportunity to more aggressively rightsize our membership and focus on our core member base. This will move us away from some of the membership that resulted from a growth at all cost pricing mentality during the 2021 and 2022 annual enrollment periods and create a solid foundation from which to drive earnings power in the back half of the decade. At the same time, we see an opportunity to make targeted investments in Medicare that enhance our ability to reach and serve these members. These include own distribution capacity, provider enablement tools to support value-based care and the acceleration of digital capabilities that will truly differentiate the WellCare member and provider experiences going forward. Given the fundamental impact this strategy will have on member mix, as well as the changes CMS recently announced to the Stars program, we are also resetting our multiyear quality target, given that we will be managing members who are naturally more complex from a quality standpoint. Our focus over the next few years will be to maximize contracts that reach the 3.5 Star threshold and to begin laying the groundwork for the Health Equity index adjustment that CMS will measure starting in 2024 and 2025. Drew will walk through the mechanics, but given our target populations, we believe of near-term focus on maximizing 3.5 star plus results when combined with an adjustment from the Health Equity Index when implemented, will most efficiently provide both the long-term quality profile and the economics necessary for WellCare to be competitive in our segment. For the upcoming October results, we are trending pre-caps between 14% and 18% membership in 4-star plans. But we have one large contract on the bubble that represents 10% of our members. For those still watching that metric, we are conservatively assuming the downside scenario and therefore, expect minimal 4-star progression year-over-year but we expect to see solid overall contract improvement reflecting the operational progress we have made, and we have baked a conservative view of these results into our overall assumptions. Ultimately, we believe that returning to WellCare's roots in serving lower income, diverse and complex seniors is an anchoring position in what will be the fastest-growing sub-segment of the Medicare Advantage market and one that aligns perfectly with our local community integrated model and our Medicaid footprint. We are investing today to protect and enhance this business because we firmly believe it will be a powerful earnings and growth engine for Centene in the long-term. The final major driver of our revised 2024 outlook is the recognition that we need to invest in specific infrastructure that will allow us to innovate at scale. As we work to consolidate systems and simplify our technology ecosystem, we see an opportunity to future proof our target architecture, expand and modernize our data layer and build a digital operating structure centered around our customer relationships. Done correctly, this work will accelerate our transformation, allowing us to tap into the power of Centene's unique local data footprint, automate more of our core functions, drive innovative clinical models and deliver market leading customer experiences across all three of our businesses. We recognize the significance of increasing near-term investments at the expense of adjusted earnings per share. Ultimately, we are confident these investments will fortify the foundation of the enterprise and accelerate capabilities that will position us well against our long-term growth thesis. Let me close out this portion of the 2024 discussion by emphasizing a few final points. One, we do not intend to update this number between now and our annual Investor Day in December. Two, our goal is to provide you with as much detail and transparency as we possibly can about our assumptions without compromising our competitive strategy during the bid cycle. This includes the improved segment reporting you can find beginning this quarter in our 10-Q. And three, this is a number we are confident in. As some of you have been correct to point out, a floor is not a finish line, and $6.60 for 2024 is not our finish line. This is a number that we intend to meet and beat. Before I turn it over to Drew, I want to comment briefly on progress in 2023 because performance this year presents an opportunity to strengthen the position from, which we navigate through 2024, and we are executing well in 2023 thus far. Our local teams were fully mobilized to support the beginning of redeterminations on April 1st. Although by the time planning was complete, only two of our states chose the start date. The remaining 28 states are evenly distributed across May, June and July start dates. In general, states are pursuing a balanced mix of population based and time based approaches. Recent changes to implementation plans have biased to later start dates, reflecting the unprecedented scale of the undertaking for many states. Our focus from the beginning has been maximizing coverage continuity, both for Medicaid eligible and for marketplace potential members, and we are executing well against that goal. We have robust multichannel communications in place for every state. In states where we have already commenced with early member communications, we are seeing positive early indicators, including low opt-out rates for text messages and higher engagement than normal in outbound live call campaigns. In all but five of our states, we have either already received membership files or have a clear model established for data exchange with the state once their process begins. Where we have already received member files, we are using them to refine the analytics driving our outreach campaigns and to inform productive discussions with state actuaries and our regulator partners. Leveraging Centene's local approach, we have deployed community-based provider education and engagement campaigns with a focus on educating our FQHC partners as well as key provider partners in every region. So our members have the benefit of multiple trusted sources of information as they navigate this process. For members losing eligibility, we have launched both direct and indirect outreach campaigns to educate them about their marketplace options. Across all 25 states where we have an overlap between our Medicaid and Ambetter footprints, we have activated our unique and comprehensive Ambetter broker network, so they are prepared to support members transitioning to the marketplace. And we are working closely with states where we are able to do direct outreach to members to facilitate warm handoffs in the enrollment process. In short, our teams are hard at work supporting members and continuing to build positive momentum with our state partners. Turning to Marketplace. As we've discussed, Centene's Ambetter product line experienced incredible growth during the 2023 open enrollment. This positive momentum continued during the first quarter, and we closed the quarter with more than 3 million Marketplace members. As we move through 2023, we continue to monitor new member demographics and overall claims data consistent with the rigorous tracking that occurred during the first quarter. As I mentioned earlier, the proven breadth and depth of Ambetter's broker network, a clear driver of OEP success, will also be a key differentiator as we look to maximize the catcher's mitt opportunity. Overall, we continue to view the marketplace as a durable coverage vehicle and Ambetter as the market leader in this space continues to represent a powerful organic growth opportunity for Centene. From a Medicare standpoint, while we are working through a strategic rebuild, it is important to note the strong underlying operational improvements we are seeing that align with our five-point plan. Examples include a new center of excellence for Medicare calls that has reduced per member per month calls by almost 25%. The implementation of new AI-based call sentiment technology, resulting in real-time performance improvement, a 20% reduction in voluntary disenrollment and a 47% reduction in CTMs year-over-year. We have added almost 1,400 new clinics under value-based contracts, and most importantly, we are seeing member, provider and broker satisfaction scores in the mid-90s year-to-date. We are on a journey, but there is tangible improvement, and we continue to build operating momentum as we progress through 2023. Finally, a quick update on our value creation initiatives, which remain front and center as we work to fortify the foundation of the business. Overall, we are tracking ahead of our SG&A goals, excluding the additional investments I mentioned earlier, our slate of SG&A initiatives is progressing well against key milestones. We continue to streamline the organization through portfolio rationalization, closing three transactions in January and more work is underway. And finally, importantly, our PBM implementation is on track across all work streams. In short, 2023 is shaping up to be another strong year of execution and earnings performance, and we expect to gather further momentum as we progress through the year that will help us to power through our updated 2024 floor. And while we are changing our earnings past two and through 2024, something we certainly don't take lightly, we have not changed our focus, our strategy or our confidence in the ultimate earnings power of this organization and its long-term growth potential. We are not just building a company for 2024. We are making the decisions today that will enable us to deliver 12% to 15% adjusted EPS growth in the back half of the decade and ensure Centene is the market leader in government sponsored programs for years to come. With that, I'll hand it over to Drew to walk through the details of Q1 and the interplay between 2023 and a new prudent floor for 2024 that we will work to beat. Drew?
Drew Asher: Thank you, Sarah. This was a very good quarter, as you can see in the press release. Adjusted EPS of $2.11 was ahead of our expectations and a good start to the year. Let me hit a few key items for Q1 and then spend most of my time on the remainder of 2023 and 2024. Premium and service revenue at $35 billion was strong in Q1. The HBR was on track at 87% and adjusted SG&A at 8.5% was consistent with our updated mix of business. DCP was 54 days, consistent with Q4 and up one day from Q1 last year. During the quarter, the Medicaid HBR of 90.0% was on track as well and reflects two items; one, a delay in a 2022 rate increase from one of our largest states, which we expect to favorably impact our Q2 2023 Medicaid HBR; and two, Senate Bill 510 in California, dealing with prior period COVID claims. Those two items pushed up the Medicaid HBR over 40 basis points in the quarter. The Medicare HBR at 85.2% was a little better than expectations. Marketplace revenue was stronger than expected, while the commercial HBR at 76.3% was in line with our internal forecast. Q1 cash flow from operations was strong, even when excluding a few out-of-period items such as early Medicare premiums. Overall, this was another good quarter with sound fundamentals. In the last 1.5 months, we've gone through a rigorous process, not just to refine the forecast for the remainder of 2023 in our typical three plus nine process but we also accelerated what we could to develop a more detailed forecast for 2024. Let's tackle 2023 and then get to 2024. For the full year of 2023, premium and service revenue is coming in stronger than our last midpoint of $132.5 billion driven by Medicaid and Marketplace. Medicaid revenue improvement is largely due to the refinement of timing of redeterminations in 2023 versus 2024. As an example, as we entered April, one of our largest states provided updated clarity around foster care redeterminations, moving the start date from April 1st to September 1st. And they also clarified the timing of other populations, resulting in the start date one month later than we had planned, resulting in more Medicaid member months in 2023. In Marketplace, we are very pleased to be leveraging our number one market position to not only seize market growth but also increase market share. We finished the open enrollment period strong and that carried into the Special Enrollment Period, or SEP, with 3.1 million members at quarter end. We expect to continue to grow the rest of the year. To draw a distinction, the 2021 SEP during COVID was wide open for all eligibles and had pent-up demand with a different acuity profile than the SEP enrollees in 2022 or today. Though we have found that partial year SEP members profitability is below that of open enrollment members, largely due to risk adjustment mechanics, the ability to renew those same members on 1/1/24 will set us up well for 2024. Consistent with what we shared on the Q4 earnings call, the demographic data including subsidy eligibility and product mix continues to look encouraging. Product positioning and distribution execution are also strong. The overall individual market has grown more than expected this year, and this macro growth is a positive factor when considering risk pools. Overall, we are able to absorb this additional growth in 2023 and this should provide an earnings tailwind for 2024 to help offset other areas of headwind. We are lifting the 2023 consolidated premium and service revenue, another $3.7 billion to a midpoint of approximately $136 billion driven by Medicaid and Marketplace. Our revised 2023 HBR reflects an overall 10 basis point improvement to a range of 87.1% to 87.7%. This is driven by a few net items. First of all, there's a slight shift in mix due to growth in Marketplace, which has a structurally lower HBR. And as we'll talk about in a minute, we now expect a 10 basis point improvement in Medicaid in 2023 versus previous guidance. A revised HBR also reflects a specific nuance for Medicare. I mentioned on the February earnings call that we expect to lose money in Medicare Advantage in 2024. Based upon our latest underwriting estimates, we have reflected in 2023 guidance an approximate $200 million Premium Deficiency Reserve or PDR, which we would expect to record in the fourth quarter of 2023. Other than that, our fundamental HBR is good in Q1 and on track for 2023. This PDR will be refined as we finalize bids and get further into 2023. To be clear, we are absorbing this premium -- this Medicare premium deficiency reserve into our revised 2023 HBR and adjusted EPS guidance, demonstrating the current strength of the business. On the flip side, growth in marketplace with more than 2.5 times the SG&A rate of Medicaid due in part to distribution costs and exchange fees, changes the mix for SG&A. When coupled with investments in quality and other key areas Sarah mentioned, our adjusted SG&A guidance for 2023 is up to a midpoint of 8.9%. Let me demonstrate the impact to mix. Someone recently asked why our SG&A rate is in the low 7s. Actually, if you pro forma our 2023 revenue mix as if we were 80% Medicaid, we would be in the low sevens. Of course, in addition to our number one position in Medicaid, we like having the number one marketplace franchise, the number two PDP franchise and the Medicare Advantage business with over one million members across 36 states. Investment in other income was strong in Q1, and we expect that to continue for the remainder of the year at a midpoint of $975 million. We have bought back $577 million of shares since the beginning of the year, including $300 million post the Q4 call toward our approximate $1.5 billion goal for 2023. We expect to continue the majority of our health plan dividends to come late in the year. As of today, we have an approximate diluted share count of 550 million shares. As we generate cash at the parent, we plan to deploy it to buy back our shares. For instance, in April, we were able to monetize the stock consideration we received at the closing of our sale of Magellan Specialty. We seized this opportunity so that we could deploy to share buyback. Overall, for 2023, inclusive of the items we just covered, we are lifting our 2023 adjusted EPS guidance to at least $6.40, the top of our original guidance range. Let's move to 2024. On 2024, while we were previously targeting $7.15 of adjusted EPS, we are reducing that to greater than $6.60 based upon more visibility on key 2024 drivers. While we are determined to do better than $6.60, based upon what we know today, we believe this is a prudent target for our 2024 earnings. And we believe this is the right jump-off point to apply our long-term growth algorithm, CAGR of 12% to 15% for the back half of the decade, consistent with what we shared with you at December Investor Day. Let me outline our approach and key assumptions to this revised 2024 target. Starting with Medicaid. The first redeterminations just started April 1st, but what has transpired over the past 1.5 months has enabled us to gain more clarity on each state's process in terms of timing and approach to the sequencing of populations. As Sarah mentioned, we have also been able to refine acuity projections, state-by-state, subpopulation by subpopulation, as well as the anticipated degree and timing of projected rate actions. Acuity projections, in many cases, are based upon specific data from the state and their actuaries. For instance, a number of our states shared files with us for those they expect to redetermine in April, May and/or June. And we are using this information to calculate the acuity of stayers versus levers. On the other side of acuity, the rate change projections are state-by-state, subpopulation by subpopulation, and they are often based upon direct conversations with the Medicaid departments and their actuaries, including many verbal acknowledgments of the potential need for rate actions as redeterminations unfold. We've had very constructive discussions with our state partners about redeterminations, not just in terms of process, but also the rate implications. We have also thought about the RFP cycle as we forecast the timing of future rate actions. While we are still early in the redetermination cycle, which we expect will last into Q2 of 2024, we have developed more confidence in our estimates of the net impact on 2023 and 2024 with the benefit of the claimant [ph]. One more relevant fact for 2022, we were approximately $2 billion in payback -- payable back to certain states for risk corridors or minimum MBR profit sharing mechanisms. That's important to factor in relative to any expected acuity shifts in those specific states. Finally, with each state putting a stake in the ground with respect to timing and approach we are better able to refine our forecasted premium revenue for both 2023 and 2024. Ultimately, we expect the rates provided by our states to match the acuity of the population as has historically been the case, though this is expected to ebb and flow through the redetermination process. In other words, if there's a mismatch between acuity and rates, we expect it to be temporary. Now let's get to some numbers. To provide some of our assumptions embedded in our updated 2024 target, we expect approximately $77 billion of Medicaid premium revenue in 2024 relative to approximately $84 billion in 2023. The premium revenue drop in 2024 is largely driven by redeterminations continuing and annualizing into 2024. There are also some other puts and takes in the revenue, including market share shifts, as we have previously discussed, the California contract renewal and the projected potential county shifts in Texas Star Plus as well as the added North Carolina expansion population. With respect to the Medicaid HBR, as you will recall, we were originally expecting to be around 89.9% in 2023. Our latest forecast is slightly better than that at approximately 89.8%. For 2024, based upon the process I just described, we have now built in 50 basis points of HBR increase to be prudent for redeterminations and the potential temporary mismatch of timing between acuity change and rate. That would put us at approximately 90.3%. Then we expect approximately 20 basis points of benefit from a new PBM contract and other initiatives to yield an estimated 2024 Medicaid HBR of approximately 90.1%. In Medicare and Marketplace, we are still refining our bids that are due this summer. So we're going to be a little guarded with getting too granular with bid assumptions for each of those lines of business. In Marketplace, our first quarter results were on track. And while one quarter doesn't make the year, we are so far pleased with the Marketplace positioning not just for 2023 but also the longer-term benefit from strengthening our number one market position. We look forward to getting more insight into 2023 Marketplace performance as the year unfolds, including when we get the first view of the Wakely risk adjustment data in late June, early July. Suffice to say, we are bullish about growth and margin potential in our marketplace positioning and business for 2023, 2024 and beyond and, more importantly, the chassis for seizing individual market opportunities ahead. In Medicare, we received the final 2024 rates and risk model clarity on March 31. The 2024 final rate was less negative for us by approximately 1.25% relative to the advanced notice but still an inadequate rate relative to trend. Some of the final rate change will accrue to our provider partners and some we will work into our bids. We continue to forecast a pre-tax loss in 2024, which is embedded in our revised 2024 target inclusive of the 2024 amortization of the PDR, we expect to record in 2023. As we indicated on the Q4 2022 call, underperformance in Medicare growth and earnings is a temporary dynamic, which we will -- while we balance the preservation of a base of membership with trough 2024 Stars revenue and expectations of improvement in Star scores now geared towards our low income and dual strategy Sarah described. While it's widely known that moving from 3.5 to 4 stars comes with, on average, 5% more revenue. There's also a meaningful economic benefit of moving from 3 to 3.5 stars that averages the equivalent of 3% to 6% depending on the contract. Given we have approximately 80% of our current membership and contracts below 3.5 stars from last October scoring, our focus now is to first maximize 3.5, especially as our membership will be shifting and tilting more towards low income and D-SNP in 2024 and beyond. So while you might consider our Medicare business is temporarily under construction for 2024, we believe Medicare Advantage will be a margin expansion and growth driver for the back half of the decade. Once again, we haven't yet submitted bids for these products. So for external consumption, we're going to combine the Medicare and commercial 2024 forecasted revenue for this discussion. Together, we expect approximately $46 billion of premium revenue from Medicare and commercial segments in 2023 and $45 billion in 2024. Directionally, we expect to grow marketplace throughout the rest of 2023 and into 2024. On the other hand, we expect to rationalize certain Medicare plan benefit packages, or PBPs, in 2024, which will result in lower Medicare membership, but membership composition will be more consistent with the strategy Sarah outlined. When we add our other businesses, which represent approximately $6 billion in premium and service revenue, subject to additional divestitures, we expect total premium and service revenue midpoints of approximately $128 billion in 2024 compared to about $136 billion in 2023. We will issue formal 2024 guidance with a full table of details later in the year, but we thought it would be helpful to review some of the underlying assumptions that we believe support an adjusted EPS target of greater than $6.60. By powering through 2024, Medicare challenges and getting to the other side of redeterminations, this company will be stronger to seize the opportunities in the back half of the decade. Finally, while we are disappointed that we are lowering our outlook, this revised 2024 target reflects our updated view informed by an accelerated 2024 forecast, process and recent insights in Medicaid, Marketplace and Medicare. And it is a target we have confidence in delivering. This perspective also gives us the flexibility to make the right decisions for 2025 and beyond. We will do our best to exceed $6.60 in 2024 without sacrificing anything for 2025 and beyond. Operator, let's go to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Today's first question comes from A.J. Rice with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
A.J. Rice: Hi, everybody. Thanks for all the information. Just maybe to drill down a little further on what you're thinking with respect to Medicaid redeterminations. I guess, it sounds like you're reflecting in your outlook for 2024 a little more caution on acuity and potentially how quick that gets picked up in rate adjustment. I wonder if you could give us a sense, are you falling more on just thinking there is a little bit of lag in the period in which the rate adjustments get updated, or are you seeing anything that's indicating to you that the acuity itself will be worse than what you were thinking three or six months ago? And I wonder just granular as we start to get into this, as you're talking to somebody that's getting a redetermination, do you give them the notification? Does the state give them the notification? And as you talk to them about their options to sign up on the public exchanges, are they -- do you have a sense of whether they're going to do that immediately? Is there going to be a lag in the way they think about that before they immediately go and sign up. Any updated color on that as well.
Sarah London: Yes, good morning. Thanks, A. J. It's a great question. So relative to redeterminations, we've, over the last couple of weeks of states have been approaching the April 1 start date. We've gotten a lot of good information. Some of it is from them finalizing their implementation plans. And as we noted, some of those have shifted in the final hours as they contemplate sort of the scope of this work. And some of it is states who have actually given us data files that allow us to update our models more formally. We have used that to refresh a really comprehensive multivariate model that we have across 31 states that takes into account all of the different dimensions that Drew talked about and allows us to project where membership shifts may happen and where acuity shifts may disconnect and then how all of that plays out over time, with things like the risk quarters with things like rate mechanisms, rate calendars and then really an overarching view of what is the agenda of the state and are there other things going on like procurement and things like that. And so as a result of that, what we're really trying to do is build in a little bit more conservatism in 2024, where we see the potential in some states for a temporary disconnect between rate and acuity. And again, we see this as temporary. In the long term, rate has always equaled acuity in Medicaid. But it allows our local teams to have the flexibility to navigate not just the redeterminations process but those conversations with the states in a way that really prioritizes our customer relationship because of how critical we know those relationships are to our long-term success in Medicaid. So that's really sort of the driving factor behind additional conservatism in 2024. And then to your question about how the tactical rollout is going. The answer really depends state-b-state. There's obviously official notification in every state that goes out from the state to the members who they need to take through the redetermination process and then time lines in terms of those members being able to respond. CMS has done a really nice job of making sure states are following the guidelines in terms of multiple outreaches to members and the time lines in order to ensure that we don't have folks dropping through the cracks because of process. And then we have lined up, as I mentioned, those sort of multichannel communication plans as well as activating local providers and our broker networks where we're allowed to so that we have direct conversations either with members either through their providers where they can get more information or in those states where we can direct educate and outreach to members who are qualified for exchange products. We actually have marketing campaigns specifically around that. And finally, your point about sort of the speed with which members are being responsive. Again, I think it's going to depend. But one of the dynamics that we're seeing in Marketplace special enrollment period and actually overall Marketplace growth is a result of combined awareness and affordability that has come from investments in broker marketing as well as, obviously, the enhanced APTCs, and so we think that particular, the broker community is really well-mobilized against moving those members over to marketplace as quickly as possible.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Josh Raskin at Nephron Research. Please go ahead.
Josh Raskin: Hi, thanks. Good morning. Just a quick clarification and then my question. But did I hear the PDR is expected to amortize partially in 2024, meaning MA profitability is supposed to be -- expected to be negative in 2025 as well? And then my question is maybe could you provide a little more color on your thoughts around statutory capital especially as you see some of these revenue headwinds? You seem to screen this holding a little bit more capital than the peers. And I guess, how you think about that relative to debt to cap and share buybacks would be a strategic enough reason to maybe increase your leverage above your debt-to-cap targets?
Drew Asher: Good questions, Josh. The PDR, no, we expect to fully amortize that in 2024. It's a one-year contract for Medicare members, as you know. And so we don't expect that to bleed into 2025. And so if that number is 200, that's what we've built into our guidance for 2023. But we will refine that as we get the bids final, see the rollout of the annual enrollment period beginning in December, and that will dictate the specific amount that we record from accounting rules and then that would be reevaluated at the end of each quarter of 2024 and adjust it accordingly. So that's how the PDR would work mechanically. On statutory capital, it's a good question. We modified the management fees. We think we improved the management fee structure this year with more precision, and that has the result of trapping more capital into our regulated subs, which is why we expect to only do $1.5 billion share buyback this ear, which will be largely late in the year. We've got $300 million under our belt already. And then we expect that to step up to about $3 billion, which we mentioned on the last earnings call for 2024. So we've got a certain level we like to maintain, but we certainly don't need to have excess capital sitting in our subs. And we'll go after that through the dividend process back half of this year and into 2024. Our debt to EBITDA is right around three times. We're content with that. It will probably move up or down a little bit around that three times, but that's our target. We love the fact that we're investment grade now. And I think as we look at our debt stack over the next decade that will serve the company well.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Justin Lake of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Justin Lake: Thanks. Good morning. First, a quick follow-up on A.J.'s question. Drew, is there any way you can delineate for us the impact of redeterminations on the risk pool versus what you expect to make up on pricing? Meaning maybe you could tell us -- if states pushed off pricing completely for a year, how much of a negative impact do you now think just changes in the risk pool would have on your MLR for 2024? And then my question is on Medicare Advantage. One, do you still expect to lose money in Medicare Advantage despite the $200 million PDR? Meaning ex the PDR, are you still losing money in 2024? And if so, maybe how much? And then I appreciate the color on the Stars at 4 Stars for 2024. But as you said, 3.5 Stars is really important as a first step. Any color on how you expect to improve 3.5 Stars in 2020 -- for 2025, I should say, versus the 20% you're at today? Thanks.
Drew Asher: All right, a multi-three-part question there. On redeterminations, some of the mechanics on that. So when we went through that process, as Sarah described, of really looking at subpopulation by subpopulation, looking at the data that we had, what was shared by the state actuaries, you're triangulating a bunch of data points. And now we're starting to get data, which is great. We concluded that it would be prudent to have a provision of 50 basis points for the timing mismatch. And we do believe it's just -- it's merely a timing mismatch in 2024. And so as you heard on -- in my script, we're doing about 10 basis points better than we expected to for 2023. And we previously had 10 basis points of degradation built into our modeling. So we needed an additional 30. And so that's what's embedded. That's part of the driver of the $0.55 drop for 2024 earnings -- adjusted earnings target. The second question you had was on Medicare. I'll answer the financial question and then pass it to Sarah and Jim Murray here on more color on Medicare and Stars and whatnot. But yes, we expect to lose money despite the amortization of the $200 million into 2024. So we're looking at -- and we were able to look at a number of things, including how we were performing in 2023 as we're thinking about setting the bids and, obviously, getting the final rates was a pretty important factor in that equation. But yes, the Medicare business, we expect to lose more than that amortization of PDR.
Sarah London: And then on the Stars piece, I do want to be clear that we're obviously not taking our eye off the goal of maximizing 4-Star membership, but the previous target of 60% in 4 Star or three cycles is really no longer relevant for two reasons. One is our adjusted 2024 bid strategy and the intentional decision to double down on our core membership, which is inherently more complex from a quality standpoint. And then the second is change the rules. And so introducing the Health Equity Index adjustment, which we are very supportive of, will actually help account the management of that complexity over time. But we need to make sure that we invest in the short-term around the health equity program in those contracts where that's going to matter in order to have that lift take those contracts to 4 Star in the long term. And so in some ways, we're sort of slowing down speed up and the near-term objective of getting more of those contracts into 3.5 Star is really based primarily on operational execution and some of the investments that we talked about around not just HEDIS but also the customer experience, which will influence caps. But let me let Jim Murray talk a little bit more because he is watching this day to day.
Jim Murray: Thank you. Hi, Josh. How are you? What we've talked about in the past is we've been a very transactional company as it respects some of what we do in Medicare. And Sarah has pointed out, a number of times around five strategic areas of focus in Medicare. And I'll reference some of those as I go through that. The end goal is to try to create relationships with our members and with our providers and where we're able to do that I think it's going to have some positive impact on Stars, and I'll try to introduce that to you here. There's a lot of things that are going on, and I'm going to be agnostic as it relates to either revenue year 2024 or 2025 or 2026. But Sarah talked earlier about some of what we're doing around the improvement in CTMs. Obviously, we're doing a lot of work here to reach out to our members and try to create a better relationship with them. But one of the five areas of focus is rebalancing our distribution channels. There was a significant movement this past year where more of our members came to us with our W-2 and our direct-to-consumer and broker on the street selling channels, which is significantly stronger for us from a lifetime value than some of the other channels we had used in the past, and that's having a significantly positive lift on CTMs. Sarah also mentioned, we've really focused on service. We're starting to get back some of the cap survey early returns, and we're seeing that there was a nice lift in the cap question related to service. And so that ultimately will help us with caps, and we're happy about that. Appeals is another admin measure. We're seeing some good results in 2023 relative to appeals. And our HEDIS scores this year were in the final week of chart chase. We are improving year-over-year. If I were being brutally honest, I would say it was done more with blunt force trauma as opposed to having an elegant infrastructure in place, and that's where Sarah talked earlier needing to be in more value-based contracts, and we have a team of people who's focused on that, and then creating value-based enablement tools. We need to do a better job with our providers in showing them where we are and where they are relative to the risk-based contracts and the quality that they're delivering so that they can take proactive action to help us with HEDIS scores. And we're in the process of building those tools, and I expect some really good results from that. So I think we're making some nice progress. I think you'll see a nice lift in our 3.5 in October. But I'd like to say around we're miles to go before we sleep.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, our next question comes from Stephen Baxter at Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Stephen Baxter: Yeah, hi. Thanks for the question and all the detail. So when we look at Medicaid margins either industry-wide or state by state, we see margins that are fairly elevated relative to historical norms and by an amount that would exceed, I think, what you're talking about around the 50 basis points cumulative impact you assume, which I think is at least in part thought to be temporary. Im curious, how you respond to that, for example, if industry level margins went from, say, 3% to 2.5%, and that's still above target margins or what the industry has historically earned. I guess, why do you think states would respond to that? Thank you.
Drew Asher: Well, states, they want a successful program, and they want payers such as Centene to deliver quality and savings, quite frankly, help them manage their budgets as well, especially with the complex populations. And so I wouldn't dug out going back in time, to get to the essence of your question, what was the HBR for both WellCare and Centene over an extended time period, meaning you don't sort of -- any year, you can have a little bit of a mismatch in trend and rate. But over an extended time, and let me just read you how consistent this has been. WellCare 2015, 89.8; 2016, 89.5; 2017, 88.8; 2018, 88.9. Centene, 2015, 89.5; 2016, 89.8, 2017, 89.3, 2018, 89.5, really consistent. And so we expect -- if we tick up into the, let's say, low 90s, we would expect to get that mismatch that we're building into guidance for 2024 sort of back into that high 89s. Obviously, mix of business will adjust that to some degree with complex populations having a little bit higher HBRs and lower SG&A. But we think that's the sweet spot, and that's what we expect to be able to achieve as we look out over the back half of the decade.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Nathan Rich at Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Nathan Rich: Great. Thanks for the question. Going back to the Medicare business there, you had talked about fully membership growth to focus on your core members. I'm curious how that impacts your view of Medicare revenue growth longer term relative to the high single-digit to 10% revenue growth guidance you laid out at the Analyst Day. And on margins for that business, can you maybe talk about the investments that you're making in 2024 and how significant those are? And is there any change to the way you're thinking about the longer-term margins for that business? Thank you.
Sarah London: Yes. Thanks, Nathan, for the question. So in some ways, I think, to your question in terms of rate and pace, of revenue growth, it's not dissimilar to how we're thinking about the rate and pace of Stars, which is going a little bit slower in the short term in order to ramp up in the long-term. And so as we looked at all of the moving parts relative to the starts headwind we have in 2024. And obviously, the work we're doing to sort of rebuild the business given the decentralization of the WellCare operations in 2021 and 2022 AEP bid strategy as well as the rates from CMS, we looked at 2024 as an opportunity to kind of do a hard reset on that membership and that to create a pretty solid foundation for us to grow earnings off of -- over the long-term. And obviously, the shorter-term view of that would be more around margin and then driving membership growth in the long-term as we start to feather in the tailwind from Stars. And again, the revenue from getting to 3.5% and then that health equity adjustment and then normal course program investments that we'll get more of those contracts and that membership up into 4 Stars. And then relative to investments, let me talk about some of the investments that are more specific to Medicare. But again, they really do fit into the broader category of investments around customer experience, quality and then sort of underlying infrastructure, particularly around data. The idea of -- Jim talked about leveraging an own distribution channel to maximize the acquisition and onboarding experience for our members making sure that we have the right provider enablement tools so that we can expand and optimize our value-based relationships and then increasing our self-service tools for members as well as the quality investments around HEDIS and Health Equity. We think those are there's going to be some upfront investment, obviously, to set up those capabilities, but I think will also layer into the overall P&L for Medicare. But because each one of those investments is high impact in terms of driving long-term value of customer, driving down the cost to manage a member that we ultimately think that they won't have an impact on long-term margins, long-term target margins in Medicare.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Scott Fidel at Stephens. Please go ahead.
Scott Fidel: Hi, thanks. Interested just to get your input into the debate that's going on right now just around core healthcare utilization trends and how those are tracking, excluding COVID just looking at non-COVID, how those are tracking relative to pricing expectations. And maybe you could give us some input into certain areas where you may see utilization running a bit higher and what some of those offsets may be in terms of what seems to be trying to get a bit better than expected? Thanks.
Drew Asher: Thanks, Scott. Trends look stable in the quarter. We look back to pre-COVID time periods largely back to normalized utilization. For instance, screenings are fully back or a little bit soft on cervical, but they changed the -- I think they changed the guidance on that in 2020. We keep on looking for signs of acuity increase and aren't finding any. Looking at the first few months after initial cancer diagnosis or the cost per cancer diagnosis, those are all in check, so pretty stable. Mean there's always watch items. Specialty pharmacy, obviously, is always a watch item. It has been for probably the last decade. We're watching behavioral health costs. They're up a little bit year-over-year with some substance abuse. And some of that's the waivers or the -- some of the prior auth rules that were curbs were put in during the COVID era. But really, really pretty stable trend as we look at the quarter. And a little bit positive, as I mentioned in my script in Medicare. Some of that was the flu was more heavily weighted Q4 versus Q1 and inpatient is slightly better, probably a Venn diagram with the flu, less inpatient flu, but as a whole is a little bit better than Q1 of last year.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, our next question comes from Sarah James at Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go ahead.
Sarah James: Thank you. I wanted to understand your updated Marketplace assumptions for 2024. so you're assuming some of the low acuity falls off on the Medicaid, I'm wondering if you're assuming any of that risk profile evolved in the Marketplace as a whole in 2024? And then based on some of the recent implementation changes by the states that seem to increasingly favor keeping people insured in some form, what do you have built into your new 2024 revenue guide for the overall Marketplace market size?
Sarah London: Good morning, Sarah, thanks for the question. We are still assuming about 200,000 to 300,000 members in that catcher's mitt opportunity. And as we've rerun all of the assumptions across that multivariate model I mentioned, that hasn't really changed. And again, it's really a result of the waterfall and assumptions about where those members go with large chunks of those members going to employer sponsored insurance or into the coverage gap. But I'll let Drew talk a little bit more about what we're building into our assumptions in terms of the acuity impact of those numbers.
Drew Asher: Yeah. So really pleased with the growth in the overall market. And as we've looked at data historically, as the market grows, the risk pool improves as well. I think the fortification of the enhanced APTCs, the Advanced Premium Tax Credits, was really helpful in solidifying this as sort of a market that's going to be strong for many years. So I think that's helped the risk pool. For us specifically, we're growing well beyond the market. Obviously, there was a couple of competitor exits. Those members got first in the free market, and we picked up a fair amount of those, but those came in at our pricing, our clinical programs, our network construct, our products as if they were new members sort of off the street. And then we're also gaining market share. So we expect actually to be in a pretty large payable position for risk adjustment, and we're accruing accordingly. And obviously, we will true that up once we get the first look of Wakely data in late June, early July. But pleased with some of the elements you look for. When you're growing a lot, you look for signals and through the data. The percentage of subsidized population is up, up 3% year-over-year to 95%. That's a good sign, we believe, for risk pools. And we can look at stairs versus levers. We had a 75% renewal rate into 2023. Those the stayers are equaling the levers. So we're cautiously optimistic on that business and the risk pool for 2023. And as Sarah mentioned, we did layer in a couple of hundred thousand of redetermined members coming into the Marketplace later in the year. And so the member months aren't that significant of a driver. And we factored in some variance around that into our revenue guidance already.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Kevin Fischbeck of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Kevin Fischbeck: Great, thanks. I wanted to understand the long-term EPS guidance a little bit because it was just a little bit confusing to me because you're taking down this year's say, next year's EPS number, still talking about 12% to 15%. But I think, Sarah, you said that your view about the earnings power hasn't changed. Does that mean that you think you'd be growing more like 15% off of this lower base, or is 12% to 15% the right way to be thinking about it? And then just to put a point on this PDR because the PDR is essentially taking whatever it is $0.25, $0.30 of losses from next year and booking it this year. So your $6.60 million guidance, is it right to think that that's more like a fixed whatever that is $6.35 kind of real earnings base that you have to then overcome to grow 12% to 15% off of $6.60. So just trying to reconcile how you're thinking about long-term earnings power in particular the PDR and how that affects growth into 2025. Thanks
Drew Asher: Yes, your math on the PDR is not wrong. And you're right, you've got to step over that as you go into 2025, and we've thought about that. But I'd think of it more as not that linear because we're making bid decisions strategically and deciding where to invest and where it will let go, certain pockets or PBPs, as I mentioned in the script. And so it's helpful to know and to have the meaningful outperformance in 2023 as yet another lever. So I wouldn't completely disconnect the PDR from us knowing that we're doing well in 2023. As you think about what 2024 would have been absent the PDR. And then I'll let Sarah sort of weigh in on the 12% to 15%.
Sarah London: Yes. Thanks for the question. And totally appreciated. When we think about the long-term, and I'll roll back to even in the beginning value creation plan, we had a lot of confidence that there was more earnings power in this organization than we were delivering back to shareholders then. I think that confidence a year ago had only grown. The difference between then and now, I think, is a really more complete understanding of what it's going to take to fully unlock that value and so we still have total confidence in that 12% to 15% long-term CAGR. I think our view is that we need to make some of these short-term both explicit and implicit investments in our business in order to make sure that we are set up with the most strength against that long-term algorithm. And as Drew said, we see the $6.60 or greater than $6.60 floor as the right jump-off point for that 12% to 15% adjusted EPS in the long-term.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Gary Taylor at Cowen. Please go ahead.
Gary Taylor: Hey, good morning. Two quick questions. The first is I appreciate your commentary about receiving new data state files from the states to update your margin assumptions around Medicaid. So the question is, is that largely complete? Have you received updated state or lever files from all your states, or is it really more from the states that are very imminently beginning the redeterminations and we should maybe expect more material updates on that state information to come over the course of the year? The second is just on the IBNR days and dollars down a bit sequentially. I know there's some other items in that line. Just wondering if there's anything else through the call-out impacting that line on the balance sheet? Thanks.
Sarah London: Yes. Let me -- I'll hit the state files conversation and turn over to Drew. So we have -- as I mentioned, we're in all but five of our states. We either have received files or we have a process in place. The files that we've gotten have certainly been tilted towards the states that are already underway with their process or where their start dates are more imminent. And this actually rolls back to a conversation that we've had over the last year and half in this forum about how we were preparing for this process and the idea that as we got data, our ability to drop that into our model and then extrapolate from that where there were common themes. And whether we were seeing in those files, say, or in lever analysis that was in line with the macro analysis we did without the benefit of the actual files. And so getting those file is, obviously, helpful in order to give us a view of those specific states, but we've also been seeing trends in those files, again, largely in line with our expectations but that has allowed us to update our extrapolations in the larger model. So that's a long-winded way of saying that we feel like the data that we've received so far is what has allowed us to update our view and conservatism in 2024. But then we also think that it has given us a pretty solid view of 2024 and what will come in from other states. Now obviously, we need to some of that, but there's been enough consistency to give us the confidence to share what we did today. And then I'll turn it over to Drew on IBNR.
Drew Asher: Yeah. On the balance sheet, liabilities are up a fair amount from year-end 12/31/22. The accounts payable and accrued expenses are up, but that's $1.3 billion of state pass-throughs. So our pass-throughs, the pure pass-throughs actually don't go through medical claims liability. They go through premium revenue and -- or sorry, premium tax revenue and premium tax expense sort of outside the IBNR process. So they don't really impact DCP Now there are state directed payments embedded within medical claims liability, and we define those terms in our press release and we've had for a while. But IBNR is $17.5 billion or medical claims liability up from $16.7 million. You saw the DCP relatively flat. So feel good about the consistency of our reserving process.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Lance Wilkes with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Lance Wilkes: Yes. With the $0.55 decline in 2024, I think you've kind of sketched out how much of that is due to the conservatism and redetermination. Could you talk a little bit about how much is from the targeted investments in MA bids for MA in your bid strategy there? And how much is investment in infrastructure and of the investments in infrastructure. Could you talk a little more about the components of that? And how much of that is necessary for the Medicaid business and the core businesses as contrasted with Medicare Advantage?
Sarah London: Yes. Thanks, Lance. Great question. I was hoping you would ask that. Let me talk through sort of the core buckets of investment, and then I'll hand it over to Drew to delineate the bridge a little bit more precisely. So as we've gone through the transformation work, the value creation work, particularly the platform consolidation work that we launched last quarter and then, obviously, the sort of updated analysis of product strategy, we see an opportunity in three main buckets for investments. And it's important to note, and I'll call out where some of them are specific to Medicare and other product lines, as you asked but it's important to note that part of the reasons we're making to make these investments now is because they will accrue to multiple lines of business. So these are really enterprise-wide synergistic investments. The first is under the umbrella of customer experience. And so this is where in Medicare thinking about own distribution channels, which actually can accrue over the long-term, we believe, to our Marketplace business as well, really a business becoming a sold business rather than one that is just purchased and influence brokers in a different way. Provider enablement tools, which again, will help with VBC expansion in Medicare, but also will support the VBC expansion work that we're doing in Medicaid and then those self-service tools which we see an opportunity across lines of business to sort of enhance our digital interaction with our members. The second major bucket is quality. And again, this is one where Stars is a piece of this, but the underlying components are really around HEDIS and HealthEquity, which are major components of the quality programs for all three lines of business. HEDIS is going to become an increasingly important part of Stars based on the new CMS guidance as are the HealthEquity investments. HEDIS is a huge part of proving quality outcomes to our state partners for Medicaid, and it will put us ahead of the curve for what we see coming in marketplace from a QRS standpoint. And then the last piece is infrastructure. And so a piece of that is really fortifying those target systems. So as we've been thinking about the platform consolidation, what are those platforms that are going to be the targets and carry the scale of the organization in the back half of the decade and making sure that we fortify those for scale. And then, of course, my favorite topic, which is data and really accelerating the work that we're doing around data liquidity across the organization, our agility and ability to invest and use that data to power the business, but also to drive innovation. So those are sort of the three major investment buckets. And again, some of those accrue to the Medicare business, but they all accrue to multiple business lines, and then I'll turn it over to Drew to give you the bridge.
Drew Asher: Yeah. On the numbers, we've talked about the $200 million PDR. I know that hits 2023, so it's not part of the $0.55, but you really need to think about that as a conscious investment. We don't take lightly spending shareholder money, but we think it's the right investments, targeting the right members, thinking about the long-term attractiveness of the Medicare market, especially in the populations that we will emphasize going forward. And then getting to the $0.55, which is in 2024, 60% of that is the 30 basis points in Medicaid and the remaining 4%, about $150 million, plus or minus is the investments that Sarah just covered.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, our final question today comes from Calvin Sternick with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Calvin Sternick: Thanks. Just a couple of clarifications. I know you're being conservative on the Stars assumption for next year. And you do get minimal improvement for 2025? Is the expectation that, that comes back to you in 2026 such that you keep it that 20202 ramp that you talked about over the next three years? And then on Medicaid, I know you mentioned having more member months this year and a little more visibility into the timing of when members could roll off. Just wondering if there's anything you're anticipating in terms of HBR or earnings seasonality. Thanks.
Sarah London: Yes, thanks, Cal. Let me hit the Star question. So if we -- as I said, we are assuming a downside scenario out of conservatism, partly because cap tends to be the longest pole in the tent to recover in Star. And so see minimal improvement year-over-year. The important thing to look at will be the progression into 3.5 stars of our membership because, again, that's as Drew talked about, where we get the economic benefit and the ability to continue to invest as we move through the progression. Again, well look at the 3.5 star threshold and movement of membership across that threshold as the definition of success as we move through the next couple of years. But the 20/20/20 is not really a relevant post anymore because of those changes I described in the bid strategy, which is intentionally going to make the mix more complicated and shift the denominator and the fact that the CMS program rules really suggest different, more methodical approach contract by contract to the levers that we use to get to 4 star. And then I'll turn it over to Drew for the second part.
Drew Asher: Yeah. On earnings seasonality, we expect to be pushing about 65% of adjusted EPS for 2023 in the first half of the year, so maybe 35% or slightly under 35% for the back half of the year. That back half does include the fourth quarter assumption around the PDR. And I think you're also referring to HBR seasonality in Medicaid. Think of it as like a check mark. So we expect to be down a little bit in Q2 relative to the 90.0 and then rising in the back half of the year.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that's all the time we have for questions today. So I'd like to turn the conference back over to Sarah London for closing remarks.
Sarah London: Thank you. I just want to close out by reiterating Drew's comments and my own that we don't take the change in the 2024 lightly, but it's not something that we would be doing if we didn't firmly believe that it was the right thing for Centene in the long-term. So I appreciate the great questions. Appreciate everyone joining us today and look forward to updating you as we continue to execute in 2023 and build momentum for 2024 in the long-term. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you, ma'am. This concludes today's conference call. We thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-07 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Centene Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Please note, today's event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jennifer Gilligan, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Jennifer Gilligan: Thank you, Rocco, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on our fourth quarter and full year 2022 earnings results conference call. Sarah London, Chief Executive Officer; and Drew Asher, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Centene, will host this morning's call, which can also be accessed through our website at centene.com. Ken Fasola, Centene's President; and Jim Murray, our Chief Operating Officer, will also be available as participants during Q&A.  Any remarks that Centene may make about future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for the purpose of the safe harbor provision under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by those forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in Centene's most recent Form 10-K filed on February 22, 2022; and other public SEC filings.  Centene anticipates that subsequent events and developments may cause its estimates to change. While the company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so.  The call will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of these measures with the most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our fourth quarter 2022 press release, which is available on the company's website under the Investors section. The company is unable to provide a reconciliation of certain 2023 and 2024 measures to the corresponding GAAP measures without unreasonable efforts due to the difficulty of predicting the timing and amounts of various items within a reasonable range.  With that, I would like to turn the call over to our CEO, Sarah London. Sarah?
Sarah London: Thank you, Jen, and thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning as we review our fourth quarter and full year 2022 results and provide our updated outlook for 2023. First, let's close out the year.  2022 was a dynamic and productive year for Centene. We took on many challenges, including a leadership transition, transforming our organizational structure, modernizing our approach to corporate governance, focusing on our core business, improving operations and quality and delivering on our financial commitments along the way.  This morning, we reported fourth quarter adjusted EPS of $0.86 and full year 2022 adjusted EPS of $5.78. These strong results came in above the top end of our most recently issued 2022 guidance and were 7% higher than the midpoint of our initial outlook for the year. Looking back over 2022, our 3 core business lines performed well.  In Marketplace, we materially improved the profitability of our Ambetter product line through advancements in our clinical programs and strategic product positioning, delivering more than the 500 basis points in margin improvement we promised while continuing to show solid growth and market expansion. This provided Ambetter with a strong jumping off point to achieve our long-term target margin and profitable growth goals in 2023.  In our Medicare Advantage business, Centene generated outsized growth in 2022, ending the year with 21% more members compared to year-end 2021. Our focus throughout the year was on strong clinical program performance, quality improvement, which you've heard a lot about; expanded value-based care relationships; and providing enrollees with a more seamless member experience.  In 2022, the strength of WellCare's underlying performance was demonstrated through year-over-year HBR improvement. And we're confident in our increasingly disciplined approach to quality operations will provide an important lever as we move through 2023 and work to improve WellCare's profitability on its expanded scale.  Our local markets also performed well throughout the year, serving more Medicaid members in more geographies than ever before. Our Delaware go-live, as well as a significant number of successful reprocurements and program expansions, including in Louisiana, Nebraska, Texas and Missouri, to name just a few, bolstered our market presence and leadership position in Medicaid managed care.  In California, Centene was ultimately selected to serve the state through direct contracts in 10 key markets, including Los Angeles and Sacramento Counties. We are working towards readiness for the 1/1/24 start date of the new California contracts, and we look forward to our continued partnership with the state to improve the medical health care delivery system and advance the state's innovative programming.  2022 also marked the first full year of execution on our value-creation plan, and it was by every measure of success. We hit all major milestones, including redesigning our UM function across the enterprise; successfully negotiating a new PBM partnership, reducing our real estate footprint by 70% to accommodate new workforce flexibility, itself an important cultural evolution for the company; and making important investments in data and digital tools that will make it easier for our members, our providers and our employees to work with us. We exit 2022 not only well positioned to achieve our $400 million in targeted SG&A savings in 2023, but also having added $300 million in new SG&A opportunities to our longer-term backlog. In addition to achieving these value-creation milestones, we made meaningful progress on our portfolio review process.  We closed 3 divestitures in 2022 and announced a fourth. Notably, in the first weeks of 2023, we closed the previously announced sale of Magellan Specialty as well as the sales of Centurion and HealthSmart, bringing our total number of divestitures since Q4 of 2021 to 7. This disciplined execution has streamlined our enterprise, reduced distraction and allowed us to increase our focus on our core business lines. It has also powered significant and timely share repurchases during 2022 and year-to-date in 2023.  Finally, in December, we aligned the enterprise around a long-term strategic plan, inclusive of a commitment to 12% to 15% long-term adjusted EPS growth. With our senior leadership team in place and the company's demonstrated progress against our strategic and financial goals in 2022, we are well positioned to capitalize on the momentum of the past year and successfully continue our value-creation journey for shareholders and members in 2023. With that, let's talk about 2023 so far.  Centene's Marketplace products yielded exceptional growth during this year's open enrollment, outpacing even the robust growth of the total market itself. This year's OEP performance only reinforces our view of the increasing durability of the Marketplace as a coverage vehicle and Ambetter's leadership position within this market.  To harness this growth opportunity, our Ambetter team applied a portfolio approach to pricing and product positioning, decisively leveraging our local expertise and strong broker relationships on a market-by-market basis to attract and retain membership across our Marketplace footprint. While it is still early days with respect to claims experience, we want to share a few observations about Ambetter's strong OEP growth and provide some performance expectations given the team's outperformance on membership.  Approximately 70% of our 2023 membership is enrolled in a Silver Plan compared to approximately 72% in 2022. Silver plans have consistently represented the majority of our membership year after year, and 2023 is no different. Similar to previous plan years, the majority of our 2023 membership selected our core product. At the same time, we are pleased with the continued uptake we are seeing in our newer products, demonstrating the value of flexibility and plan design for our members.  Key membership demographics like gender, age, geography and subsidy levels are consistent with what we experienced last year. Most importantly, these factors are also consistent with the pricing assumptions we used for 2023 product positioning. We continue to expect our Marketplace business to achieve margins within the long-term targeted range of 5% to 7.5% during 2023. And we are pleased to have the opportunity to serve so many Marketplace members as the reach of that product continues to expand.  As we highlighted for investors last month, Medicare Advantage enrollment results for 2023 developed softer than expectations we provided at Investor Day in December. Our goal for the 2023 AEP was to foundationally align our Medicare offerings for long-term margin recovery, product stability and overall quality, capitalizing on the scale we achieved through outsized growth in 2021 and 2022.  In our effort to better control the overall member experience, which requires operational stability and contributes directly to quality results, we made the decision to change our distribution strategy and focus more on proprietary channels.  Near-term sales and retention were more significantly impacted by our distribution strategy than expected, particularly in light of competitor investment in channels we deprioritized. That said, several of the channels we prioritize performed better than expected, reinforcing our long-term view of an optimal go-to-market strategy for Medicare Advantage and dual eligible members.  Despite the soft membership results relative to expectations, we continue to expect 100 basis points of Medicare HBR improvement in 2023. Importantly, we are already seeing positive operational impact for members and brokers, with strong service levels, improved customer satisfaction and a 30% reduction in overall calls compared to this time last year.  Turning to more recent Medicare news. Regarding the finalization of the RADV rule, we are supportive of CMS' decision to limit the scope of historical audits. CMS' decision in this regard avoids significant cost and abrasion for our provider partners. That said, the lack of fee-for-service adjustment and the as-yet undefined sampling and extrapolation methodology leaves a number of open questions as to the viability of the final approach. We are working in collaboration with our industry partners to determine the best path forward.  Regarding last week's preliminary rate notice, 2024 initial rates are less favorable than recent years and below our internal expectation for funding. We will fully exercise our ability to provide feedback to CMS during the comment period and look forward to collaborating with the agency as we work towards rate finalization in April. That said, we see a path to achieving Medicare Advantage results that meet member needs and support our 2024 financial goals.  Finally, as we all know, 2023 will be an important year for the Medicaid business. In December, Congress passed the Federal Consolidated Appropriations Act for 2023, which ends a continuous coverage provision on March 31. This tees up redeterminations to begin this spring, an event we have been working to prepare for throughout 2022.  As we approach the redetermination process, we are focused on 3 things: first, optimizing the verification process for members. We are working closely with our state partners and our network of community partners in each market to facilitate member transition and coverage continuity. In the last month, we've deployed internal and external training designed to maximize each member touch point and our ability to support beneficiaries as their eligibility is reviewed.  Leveraging Centene's unique and powerful data, we've launched eligibility likelihood modeling across our Medicaid footprint in order to prioritize and customize member outreach. And we've launched enhanced reporting and membership dashboards for clear tracking of redeterminations-related activities across the enterprise.  Second, we are focused on ensuring that state program rates reflect any shifting of the risk pool created by membership changes. We recognize the dynamics in each market are different, so we are leveraging our data to support early collaborative discussions with our state partners.  And third, we are focused on maximizing the opportunity to provide coverage continuity to members who are no longer eligible for Medicaid, but who are eligible for subsidized coverage on the Marketplace. Given the strong overlap of our Medicaid and Marketplace footprint in 25 states, we continue to size the opportunity for our Marketplace products at 200,000 to 300,000 lives throughout the duration of redeterminations.  In 15 of the 25 states, where we have both Medicaid and Marketplace products, we will reach out to our current members directly with educational information regarding the enrollment process as well as with Marketplace plan options. We expect that state count to grow as we advance through the redeterminations process, and we have a robust, scalable plan in place to support this communication and education effort.  Finally, I'd like to highlight some important news that came just a few weeks ago. In late January, the FCC issued guidance to improve member communication opportunities related to maintaining Medicaid and other governmental health care coverage. We view this as an incredibly important step, not only relative to supporting a seamless verification process, but also a meaningful step forward in modernizing the industry's overall approach to Medicaid member engagement. We are working closely with states to integrate this guidance into our redetermination strategy and to prove the value of digital engagement in reducing cost and improving member outcomes.  On balance, when you take into account our more informed view of open enrollment for 2023, the updated timing of redeterminations and recently closed divestitures, we are well positioned to achieve the top half of our full year 2023 adjusted EPS guidance. Drew will provide greater detail on our outlook in just a moment.  As we look ahead, 2023 promises to be another transformative year for the enterprise and one in which we will need to navigate notable market dynamics across our product lines from redeterminations to Medicare positioning to fast-growing Marketplace products. This is not new for Centene, and we are better equipped to manage through this change than we ever have been before, thanks to the work we have done over the last 18 months to focus and fortify our operations and to align the organization around value-creation principles.  As we look downfield, we continue to see tremendous opportunity for all 3 of our core businesses, including complex Medicaid populations and dual eligibles, Marketplace adjacencies and STAR score improvement. We continue to track well against our long-term goals and look forward to executing against our strategic plan, driving strong results and delivering value to members and shareholders.  With that, I will turn it over to Drew to review our results and outlook in more detail.
Andrew Asher: Thank you, Sarah. Today, we reported fourth quarter 2022 results, including $35.6 billion in total revenue, an increase of 9% compared to the fourth quarter of 2021, and adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.86 in the quarter. For the full year, we reported $5.78 of adjusted EPS, a 7% beat over our original 2022 guidance and growth of over 12% compared to 2021.  Let's start with revenue details for the quarter. Total revenue grew by $3 billion compared to the fourth quarter of 2021, driven by strong organic growth throughout the year in Medicaid, primarily due to the ongoing suspension of eligibility redeterminations; strong Medicare membership growth; and the January 2022 acquisition of Magellan, partially offset by divestitures.  Our Q4 consolidated HBR was 88.7%, a little bit better than our expectations, and 87.7% for the full year. Medicaid at 89.6% for the full year was right in line with our expectation of an HBR in the 89s for 2022. Medicare at 86.2% for the full year was 90 basis points better than 2021, driven by execution of clinical initiatives.  And on commercial, recall, we originally promised a 500 basis point reduction in the HBR in 2022. How did we do? We were down 550 basis points for the full year. This was driven by disciplined pricing actions, initiatives executed in 2022, and as expected, a reduction in COVID and pent-up demand costs compared to 2021.  Moving to other P&L and balance sheet items. Our adjusted SG&A expense ratio was 9.3% in the fourth quarter compared to 8.7% last year, driven by the inclusion of Magellan and the sale of PANTHER as well as increased Medicare marketing and value-creation investment spending in the quarter, given the overall company outperformance.  Cash flow used in operations was minus $1.6 billion in the fourth quarter. You may recall, in the third quarter, we had an early receipt of $2.9 billion of CMS payments pertaining to the fourth quarter, which is driving down our reported Q4 operating cash flow. Cash flow provided by operations was $6.3 billion for the full year, representing 5.2x net earnings or 1.9x adjusted net earnings. This was driven by earnings before charges, including real estate and divestiture-related impairments and an increase in medical claims liabilities.  Our domestic unregulated and unrestricted cash on hand was $793 million at year-end, though after making some planned pass-through payments in early January, that amount is closer to 0.  From January of 2022 through today, we repurchased 39.1 million shares of our common stock for $3.3 billion. Debt at quarter end was $18 billion, down approximately $800 million from prior year-end, driven by senior note repurchases of $318 million, a repayment of our $180 million construction loan and repayments of over $100 million in revolver and term loan borrowings. Our debt-to-adjusted EBITDA came in right at 3.0x, down from 3.5x a year ago. Days in claims payable was 54 in Q4 of 2022 compared to 54 in Q3 of 2022 and 52 in Q4 of 2021.  GAAP earnings during the quarter include impairments related to several divestitures that were completed or pending as of December 31, as well as an impairment of our federal services business, partially offset by a gain on the sale of MagellanRx.  Looking back at 2022, it was a very good year of execution during some notable changes for Centene. Sarah hit on some of the highlights, but let me remind you of a few. We beat original adjusted EPS guidance by 7%. We bought back almost 7% of the company's shares, including January 2023 repurchases. We reduced debt-to-adjusted EBITDA to 3x and got upgraded to investment grade by Fitch. We continue to execute on divestitures. Since Q4 of 2021, we've completed 7 divestitures for gross proceeds of over $3.5 billion. We improved the discipline of the company in many areas while strengthening DCP by a couple of days, and we picked up 2 very strong operators, Fasola and Murray, along the way.  All right, enough on the rearview mirror. Let's talk about what really matters today and tomorrow, starting with 2023. We gave detailed guidance elements at Investor Day, but a few things have happened since then, including more clarity of the timing of the restart of redeterminations, a couple more Centene divestitures, a very strong Marketplace annual enrollment period and softer Medicare Advantage enrollment as we mentioned at the recent investor conference in San Francisco.  My bias when we haven't yet closed the first month of 2023 is not to touch 2023 guidance until we have some actual results, but there are a few things that will help you understand how we are starting out of the gates compared to what we outlined at December Investor Day. Our 2023 premium and service revenue should be approximately $2 billion higher than the range provided at Investor Day.  Let me bridge that for you: $1.5 billion more of Medicaid premium revenue from a higher starting point in 2023 and an additional 2 months until redeterminations recommence April 1; plus an additional $3 billion of commercial premium revenue from an outstanding marketplace open enrollment period; minus $0.5 billion of Medicare revenue as we were off in the annual enrollment period, down high single digits versus down mid-single digits; and minus approximately $2 billion of divested revenue previously in guidance, Magellan Specialty, Centurion and HealthSmart.  Let me go a little deeper on 2 2023 topics. On the additional Medicaid broad growth of $1.5 billion, we expect to give about 2/3 of that back in the redetermination process. So our previous estimate of $8 billion of ultimate run rate revenue give back goes up to $9 billion. By April 1, we expect to have grown by 3.4 million Medicaid members since the onset of the pandemic, excluding new markets and we expect to lose approximately 2.2 million of those members in the redetermination process over the next 1.5 years. In other words, about 65% of that growth.  The 2023 portion is baked into the new revenue guidance. The remaining 2024 portion would be about $6 billion of the $9 billion. And I know a number of you have asked about our early read of attributes related to our growth in Marketplace. As Sarah outlined, based upon a review of the demographics, metal tiers, product types, subsidy eligibility and distribution sources of our new membership, we don't see any signs of alarm. The proof will ultimately being the claims data, but all of this Marketplace growth, even membership from carriers who have exited, comes in at our product design, our network construct, our pricing and into our clinical models.  While we aren't changing our adjusted EPS guidance range at this very early stage for 2023, all of this recent insight, including the higher revenue base, biases us to the top half of our adjusted EPS range of $6.25 to $6.40. And of course, once we see from data -- once we see some data from Q1, we will refine all the underlying elements for you no later than our Q1 earnings call, suffice to say that we ended 2022 strong, and that looks to be continuing into 2023.  As we look out to 2024, we remain committed to our previously provided adjusted EPS floor of at least $7.15. While we're 10 months away from giving formal 2024 guidance, let me give you some updated color on recent events that are included in this assessment.  First of all, on the positive side, 2023 looks to be a little stronger out of the gate as we just discussed. Second, we completed California renegotiations in late January and are pleased with the outcome. Third, our Marketplace business is $3 billion larger than we had previously assumed, and we expect performance in the target margin zone in both 2023 and 2024. Four, investment income continues to grow, including the recent 25 basis point Fed rate increase in early February. Five, share count is down further, and with the stock price lower, we will strive to accelerate planned share repurchases earlier in the year. That's a pretty good collection of tailwinds.  On the headwind side, though, Medicare is going to be challenging for us in 2024. We knew it was going to be tough given the cards we were dealt in STAR scores, stemming from poor decisions in 2020. And the impact of a disappointing advanced notice on 2024 rates does not help. We will most certainly be pricing for a negative margin in Medicare Advantage in 2024 temporarily. And we don't expect to grow Medicare Advantage in 2024 and likely will shrink a little.  We have a lot of work between now and the first Monday in June when the bids are due to refine our estimates and products further. And obviously, the industry will be asking a lot of questions about the components of the advanced notice in anticipation of final rates in a couple of months.  But here is the silver lining. If we can achieve at least $7.15 of adjusted EPS in 2024, with a meaningfully underperforming Medicare business embedded in that result, that becomes a margin expansion and growth opportunity in the back half of the decade as we improve STARS and pull other levers over the next few years. We know what needs to be done. It just takes time, especially in STARS.  We can now turn the page from a very good 2022, the first year of execution from this management team and an important foundational year for multiyear improvement as we look ahead and ultimately getting to our long-term growth and earnings algorithm we shared with you at Investor Day.  Thanks for being part of our journey. Operator, Rocco, you may now open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Today's first question comes from Josh Raskin at Nephron Research.
Joshua Raskin: I wanted to start on the weaker MA start in the selling season. And maybe you could talk a little bit about was that due to changes by competitors? I heard something -- I heard a lot about the distribution channel changes that you made, but any specifics would be helpful. And then any benefit design changes that you made that you think contribute to some of that lost membership would be helpful as well.
Sarah London: Yes. Thanks, Josh. Happy to hit that at a high level and then have Ken weigh in as well. So as I mentioned in my remarks, our major focus in the selling season was on operational stability, and on the fundamental underpinnings, that would contribute to quality results because we continue to take long-term view in Medicare. And so in order to achieve those results, we started rebalancing our distribution channels with a bias towards more proprietary channels where we feel we could control the member experience better.  And so that was part of what impacted the softer results because, as you pointed out, we also had the competitive dynamics, investments from competition, not just in the market, but in those -- some of those channels that we deprioritized. But Ken, if you want to weigh in a little bit on benefits as well.
Kenneth Fasola: Yes. Thanks, Josh. The CMS data, which is readily available, demonstrates. So I think you've seen where members have moved. For our part, we rotated towards margin improvement, recognizing going in that, that would probably be at the expense of some member gains in very targeted markets.  But I think the insight that we've gained this past year, both with respect to the comments Sarah made about the distribution mix and the really overperformance from owned and more captive channels, along with, I think, a greater insight with respect to the characteristics of the kind of members that are likely more responsive to both our product and network mix, I think, gives us really the opportunity to be vastly more precise as we move into the new year.  And I think you'll see that as we move, not just through our product design positioning for the coming year, but the way we allocate and optimize distribution, resources and the marketing, now that we've all -- and we've moved marketing internally. We had some of that subcontracted, I think, is going to create a strong platform for the achievement of the guidance we've provided.
Joshua Raskin: And just a quick follow-up. Do you have visibility or any insights into the changes in membership, whether that's helpful from a quality improvement, STARS improvement perspective? Do you know the members that have lapsed relative to the members that you've retained? Does that feel like you're moving more towards the right direction on STAR improvement?
James Murray: This is Jim. Absolutely. Sarah and Ken both reference the focus on proprietary distribution channels. In past lives, I've seen that creating a relationship -- and we talked a little bit about in New York, creating a relationship with those members goes a long way towards some of the things that are measured in STARS. For example, complaints. If you have a relationship and you bring the member in and explain to the member the benefits that they are going to get and how to use the system, obviously the complaints to CMS are significantly reduced. We're beginning to see that, frankly, in 2023 in the first 1.5 months of results. Disenrollments are much lower as a result of using proprietary channels.  The other thing is that because of the stability of the existing membership, we expect that we're going to see some improvement in STAR scores as well as RAF scores going forward, which will help our overall margin profile going forward. So we feel really good about that. So focusing on relationships and how long we keep a member used to more of a 7- to 8-year member retention, and we need to begin to build that kind of stability going forward. And a lot of steps that we've taken around STARS are starting to see some favorable results. So feeling good about that.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Justin Lake at Wolfe Research.
Justin Lake: First, I want to appreciate the color on '23 and '24. Just wanted to get a little bit more detail, of course. So it looks like you're at 2.7% net income margins for 2023, give or take. From there, Drew, you mentioned Medicare Advantage margins go lower, it sounds like, year-over-year. I think the market certainly expects pressure on the risk pool in Medicaid year-over-year. So curious in terms of what gets better in 2024. I know one of the big buckets is Jim is working on those cost-cutting. Maybe you can share, for instance, how much cost-cutting benefit you expect to get from '23 to '24 as well as kind of your thoughts on that Medicaid margin in general and any other moving parts we might have missed.
Andrew Asher: Yes, sure. Thanks, Justin. Yes, some of the tailwinds for 2024 that are sort of baked into our forecast, obviously, a really meaningful tailwind from the PBM RFP as sort of a stair-step benefit, as we've talked about, that commences 1/1/24. And we're well in the integration period and the transition period, working well with ESI and CVS as both good partners. So we expect to yield that benefit across our entire book of business.  Investment income continues to be strong. We expect that to continue into 2024 share buyback. You see our share count, as we disclosed in our Investor Day deck, ended the year lower than we had anticipated. So we're able to bake that into our 2023 guidance. And at these prices, we'll be buying. That's for sure.  Marketplace will be a few billion larger than we originally anticipated in 2024. And we like our margin position there, and we can probably make another step or we will make another step in 2024. And then as you mentioned, the overarching value-creation plan, including a lot of the work that Jim and a lot of other people around the company are executing on pulling levers, we expect momentum as we get into really the third year of that value-creation plan. So those are all the tailwinds. But as I mentioned, Medicare is going to be a pretty significant headwind given STARS as well as the lackluster and advanced notice.  You also asked about Medicaid. So as I think about Medicaid, and I know you've asked this a number of times, but now we're on the conference call, that's FD compliant, so I can answer some of those questions. So as we think about the progression going from 2022 to 2023, we ended the year at 89.6% in 2022. And we've got about 30 basis points of pressure built into 2023 up to the very high 89s. But as we dissect the 2022 actuals and we look at things that we had to fortify or are unlikely to recur. That's another 10 to 20 basis points of nonrecurring, call it, items embedded in the 2022 Medicaid HBR.  So we think that gives us adequate room for a little bit of pressure from redeterminations as we are working hard with our associations, with the actuaries that represent our associations, the actuaries that represent the states, our state regulators, departments, and really sort of warming them up for what may or may not be necessary. But to the extent that there is a risk pool shift, we expect action probably not as fast, but hopefully close to as fast as the action that was put in, in the other direction with acuity changes during the COVID era.  So we're prepared for that. We've had a lot of time to prepare. And this, the elongated process of redetermination and the sloping, will help us gather data and be able to manage that HBR in the high 89s.
Justin Lake: And just to put a bow on it, anything on update on the 3.3% net income margin target at North Star for 2024, how you view that?
Andrew Asher: Yes. Well, our target is at least $7.15 of EPS. The interplay between operating income and share buyback will sort of affect whether or not that 3.3% is the absolute number that we hit for 2024. But that is our North Star, and we're going to keep on pushing for that. And obviously, the divestitures, as we've talked about, have some impact on the denominator there in terms of both the margin and the dollars. But we're going to fight hard to deliver that, at least $7.15, even though we've got a pretty meaningful Medicare headwind in 2024.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Stephen Baxter at Wells Fargo.
Stephen Baxter: A couple of questions on the quarter. I wanted to ask about reserves in PYD. I think that the DCPs look good, but trying to understand the magnitude of PYD you experienced in the quarter better. For a lot of other companies, by the time we get to the fourth quarter, PYD is pretty minimal. It doesn't seem like that was necessarily the case here. I would love to understand what drove this quarter and what business was impacted. And this might be the same answer, but wondering why we didn't necessarily see the same typical Q4 MLR seasonality in commercial. Any color there would also be appreciated.
Andrew Asher: No, you're right. We outperformed. That was probably the biggest contributor to our sort of overall slight outperformance on HBR, but commercial continues to be strong. And I'd chalk that up more to execution and the momentum that we've gained over the last, call it, 5 quarters in that Marketplace business, implementing clinical initiatives, the interplay with the value-creation office, not just for SG&A, but also for trend vendors and HBR initiatives that drive both quality and the affordability of health care. So those are some of the drivers that helped the commercial business, and we feel pretty good about that heading into 2023.  We do disclose that the roll-forward tables, I think one of them is in the press release, the rest will be in the 10-K, last year. So 2021 saw a higher favorable development of the 12/31/2020 reserves. That's understandable with sort of the chaos of practice patterns and claims patterns during the 2020 year of COVID, but still consistent reserve methodologies and a pretty strong showing of development during 2022 off of the 12/31/2021 reserves.
Operator: And our next question today comes from A.J. Rice at Credit Suisse.
A.J. Rice: A couple of things, if I could. First, on the Marketplace. I know -- I appreciate the comments about the demographics of the people you've seen through the open enrollment period. There's also been some questions about what are the demographics going to be of people that reverified off of Medicaid and go on the exchanges. I know the current exchange population has very diverse health needs. Do you think those redetermined Medicaid people that end up on the exchanges will pull up the risk pool? Pull down the risk pool? How are you thinking about that, first off?
Sarah London: Yes. Thanks, A.J., for the question. So if we think about the members who are redetermining off, we do think that those numbers are probably carrying a slightly higher acuity, but then you have to balance that with a view that with the growth that we've seen in the Marketplace product. And if you look back to historic periods of growth of this magnitude, it tends to bring many more healthy members into the pool. So the net effect of those 2 dynamics, it's hard to say exactly where that equals out, but our Marketplace team is watching both of those cohorts pretty carefully and I think has obviously had visibility into the fact that redeterminations were going to factor into 2023 and took that into account in pricing.
A.J. Rice: Okay. if I could slip in another one on your Medicare comments for next year. I know on the RADV, you said, "This is what we like. This is what we don't like." When you think about the rate notice, it sounds like there's places where you think the industry can comment to CMS and potentially ask, maybe look at it in a different way or something. Could -- are you willing to talk about where some of those points of discussion, at least between the industry at large and CMS might be?  And in terms of your strategy, it sounds like you're talking about a potential negative margin. So that must mean you're going to try to stabilize benefits year-to-year in a growing market. I'm wondering, is it conservative to say we're going to have stable benefits, but not have growth on the enrollment side?
Sarah London: Yes. On the Medicare side, we've said this coming into even this year is we try to design benefits in order to maximize stability as we move through '23 and '24. And I think we will continue to do our best to keep benefits as stable as possible, taking that long-term view that, that stable operations, optimizing for member experience, improving quality is the right thing to do, and weathering the '24 headwind may have an impact on margin as a result. But the goal would be to keep benefits as stable as possible. So we're not members, and we are focused on building those longer-term relationships, as Jim talked about.  Relative to your first question, the RADV rule is sort of in the final state. And so there, it's really about talking to our industry partners about how we feel about the impact of the as yet undefined methodology and what impact we think that may have and how comfortable we are with that. And then the 2024 rate notice is a regular cycle of conversations that we have with the agency in order to communicate what we believe the impact of the somewhat lackluster rates might be on the overall industry and the benefits to seniors.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Gary Taylor at Cowen.
Gary Taylor: [Technical Difficulty]
Operator: Pardon for the interruption, everybody. This is the operator. Mr. Taylor, your line is breaking up very badly. It looks like we have a bad connection. I would ask that you please disconnect and dial back in or pick up your speaker phone, if that's the case.
Gary Taylor: Is that better or not?
Operator: That's much better. Thank you, sir.
Gary Taylor: Okay. I apologize. I just wanted to ask about expectations for ACA risk adjustment given the enrollment growth for '23, when we've seen companies with really large enrollment growth in the ACA. Sometimes, they've been surprised to end up being increasing payable on the ACA front. So it looks sort of like in this case, you guys have generally been a receiver and now you're going to have a much larger population. Is your expectation that's fairly even? Or is there any material additional payable you're contemplating for '23?
Andrew Asher: Yes. So it's a good question. The demographics of what's coming in looks very similar to -- and actually, the subsidy eligibility has gone up a little. So nothing really alarming in all the attributes we can look at what we know today. Obviously, the proof is going to be in the med cost. And you're right, in Marketplace, it's a zero-sum game concurrent risk adjustment process for 2023. So that's something we'll be watching.  There's also 2 less competitors out there. And so we thought about that as we not only booked our 2022 risk adjustment receivables, but also as we forecast into 2023, we'll get the first Wakely data in June this year, and we'll have to take a look at that. But we've thought about that as we forecasted and as we closed out 2022.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Nathan Rich at Goldman Sachs.
Nathan Rich: I wanted to follow up on the Medicare business. Drew, could you help us think about the magnitude of the step down that you are thinking for Medicare margins in 2024, just given the comments that you made about pricing for a negative margin and trying to keep benefit stable maybe relative to the margin that you're targeting for 2023? And then I guess outside of plan design, are there any offsets that you think you can leverage to try to mitigate some of this impact in 2024?
Andrew Asher: We're always looking for whether it's -- Jim and the team, the Medicare team are focused on SG&A. I think there's opportunity there. There's continuing maturity in trend vendors. So yes, we're going to look for any possible offset other than benefits. And as Sarah said, we'll try our best to keep stability for our members, but we do expect at least at this early point to shrink a little bit in 2024. But the swing is pretty meaningful, both in terms of STARS and the very disappointing advanced notice with rates. I mean, that advanced notice for us, call it, minus 1%, excluding STARS because we made our own bed in STARS, but we are expecting a positive low single digit. So it's a pretty meaningful swing. Every point is a couple of hundred million dollars on a $20 billion business.  So we've got to manage through that, and it will be a pretty sizable drop. I can't give you an exact number yet. We'll definitely give you that in 10 months after we've gone through the bids, we've got the final rates, and we've developed sort of that balance between margin degradation and stability in the product. But it will be tough. We'll power through it. And '25 and beyond will be margin expansion and growth as well ramp up over the next few cycles of STAR results. And it's good to hear, Jim conveyed to you guys, that we're already seeing some elements of optimism that we're going to be able to achieve that multiyear improvement that we're seeking.
Sarah London: One other thing I would add when we think about levers in 2024 is the breadth and depths of our value-based care relationships, which is something that I think we are -- we're already planning on, but have the runway to accelerate in 2023 in order to be in an even stronger position. And as many of you know that, that was -- we have a good set of relationships with a number of the sort of leading value-based care providers, but I think we have been not as aggressive in that in the past, and so in 2022 started to turn our focus there. Our organizing around that internally brought in some great talent to help accelerate. So that will be a focus in 2023 that I think will give us some benefit in 2024 and then obviously beyond that as well.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Michael Ha with Morgan Stanley.
Michael Ha: I just wanted to ask a bit more about redeterminations and expectations. Appreciate all the color on the 30 bps of Medicaid MLR pressure in '23. I recall hearing at your Investor Day that your state composite rate increase, improved about 50 bps. So I'm just curious, how did that compare to your original expectations? I think there's originally been some concern that state rate increases may not go into effect until a couple of quarters after redeterminations were underway, but 50 bps improvement feels pretty strong, pretty positive, quite high.  And I think -- and if I think about the messaging around just most states expecting to complete redeterminations likely later in '23, then in that scenario, you're entering '23 strong rate increase, couple that with a very slow rollout of redetermination. It seems like a recipe that could present some earnings upside this year. Is that a fair way to think about how redeterminations might develop?
Andrew Asher: Yes. So the composite rate that is embedded in our guidance as we -- as you properly pointed out we disclosed at Investor Day is 1.4%. So I guess, yes, compared to a meager 0.9%, that is a big jump, but it's still on an absolute basis, 1.4%. So think about that in context. But the reason why we are 0.9% relative to the 1.3% that we had baked into our 2022 guidance, Florida was a pretty big piece of that. We expect the recovery there this year as we demonstrate the need for rates. So that will be an ongoing process as we go through the rate cycles. Luckily, they're distributed across the year. They're not all stacked on 1/1, like the commercial business or the Medicare business. They do -- we have slugs that renew throughout the year, which will help with the sloping of redeterminations as well.
Sarah London: Maybe just to add a little bit of color on the process. To your point about sort of the methodical approach that we were expecting, with the certainty of the year-end bill, we started to get updated information obviously from each 1 of our states and are -- continue to be in regular contact with them. And I would say that in general, we are seeing that methodical approach hold with the vast majority of our states sitting in a 9- to 14-month bucket in terms of the time frame that they expect redetermine redeterminations to play out under, and some of them indicating that they won't start April 1, they'll start closer to summer time.  So as you think about sort of the start date shift, overall, nothing that suggests overall slope line will shift materially. And we are seeing continued positive momentum from our states and being open to and encouraging our support in outreach and communication education efforts to members. So in general, I feel like the industry is aligning and organizing around an approach that will minimize or seek to minimize member abrasion in the process and are allowing us to run alongside our state partners, all of which is positive from our perspective.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Scott Fidel with Stephens.
Scott Fidel: Wanted to just drill in a little bit more, especially given possibly the importance of the buybacks. Just if you can walk us through your updated sources and uses of cash for 2023 and how much you think you can have for deployable excess capital for buybacks. And then, Drew, I'm not sure if you've given us 2023 operating cash flow guidance yet. So if you do have that, I would appreciate that, too.
Andrew Asher: Yes. So as you've seen, we did quite a bit of buyback in 2022. And even as we were in the 70s in January, we were able to execute on a few hundred million more. That was largely driven by divestiture proceeds. So we're continuing the portfolio review process. So the timing of buyback associated with divestitures will vary based upon sort of that M&A process. But in the normal course, yes, we expect late in the year a few billion of share buyback. We're going to see what we can pull forward, but we also have improved the allocation process and therefore, the management fee process, and that will trap a little bit of cash in the first half, maybe the first 3 quarters of 2023. So that's why we are back-weighted.  As you look at our guidance for share buyback, we've sort of back weighted that share repurchase. So it won't have a meaningful impact on '23, but it will roll into '24. So we're going to do our best. We'll probably pay down a little bit of debt as well as we're -- if we sell off an asset that had EBITDA, we'll pay off some debt as well to manage that. And now when you actually -- you pay off debt, you get a benefit with the interest rates higher. So we're going to do our best to take advantage of where we're trading, but we also need to do that with a balanced view of the capital structure.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Kevin Fischbeck of Bank of America.
Kevin Fischbeck: Just wanted to make sure I understood. I think you guys said that you expected to add 200,000 to 300,000 lives on the exchanges from redeterminations. I just want to make sure that, that was now, I guess, in your guidance. And then you talked a little bit about the risk pool on the exchanges, really interested in that concept about the people who come on from redeterminations because that's where I would guess, it would look more like the SEP from prior years, where you only have them for 6 months. You don't have time to risk score. And in theory, they're sicker than ever. So I would love to kind of hear how you're thinking about the risk pool of those members.
Sarah London: Yes. So relative to the redetermining members into Marketplace, we do -- again, as I said earlier, we do expect that on balance, they probably have slightly higher acuity. But at a minimum, pardon me, your point about the fact that we don't have them for the full year means that they turn to profitability as we move into 2024. And again, this is something that the team had visibility to throughout 2022 and coming into the year and baked into our guidance, and I think will be -- have the offset of our expectation that a number of those members who are coming into the pool will be healthier to offset that overall and are coming in with a 1/1 start date. So we have the full benefit of their 2023 risk adjustment.  And then relative to the 200,000 to 300,000, that continues to be our estimate that is baked into guidance. And a lot of that is of a belief that the vast majority of members who redetermine off will first go to the commercial book. And again, we just need to see how the data starts to play out and whether there are any adjustments to that as we see folks coming over on to the marketplace products.
Operator: And our next question comes from Steven Valiquette with Barclays.
Steven Valiquette: Really just a quick confirmation questions around potential impact [indiscernible] for the changes [indiscernible] for '23. [indiscernible] feel like they should be an as higher or greater to be offset by [indiscernible].
Operator: Pardon me, Mr. Valiquette, sir, I apologize. Your line is very bad, the connection. Can you pick up your handset if you're using a speaker phone, sir?
Steven Valiquette: Is that better?
Operator: Actually, no. It's not coming through well at all, sir. We're not able to understand what you're asking. Would you be able to reconnect or possibly reach out off-line. I apologize, we have to move on. We're not able to hear what you're saying. Our next question today comes from Calvin Sternick with JPMorgan.
Calvin Sternick: First, a quick clarification on MA. I think I heard a comment about lower disenrollment. Was that for this AEP? Or is that more of a go-forward comment? And then second, it sounds like MA has got a margin expansion beyond 2025. Just curious how you're thinking about the overall level of membership growth once you start getting -- you get past the STARS [indiscernible].
James Murray: This is Jim. I'll take the first part of your question. We've been doing a lot during 2022 to address some of the issues that we've had with STARS. A big driver of some of our poor STARS results had been the customer complaints called CTMs and disenrollment. And we're obviously -- I like to look at things every day. We're watching our CTMs and disenrollments for this past year, and the amount that we're seeing is favorable to what we've seen in the past. And so a lot of the steps that we've taken during the course of '22 seem to be bearing some fruit. Those results will -- as Drew mentioned, STARS takes time, will favorably impact our 2026 revenue.  We're also in the process right now. CMS comes out with CAP surveys from March to May. We're in the process of doing a number of procedures that have never been done here before as a consolidated Centene to enhance our CAP scores as CMS does that survey. So there's a lot of good things that are going on to positively impact where we think STARS will be in the future. I think when we were in New York together. We talked about 20% for 2025 being in 4-plus STAR plans, 20% of our membership. We want that to be at least 40% in '26, and then we're targeting 60% in '27.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, our next question today comes from George Hill at Deutsche Bank.
George Hill: Drew, I just wanted to circle back on the idea that you sounded pretty bullish on the opportunity on the PBM transition. Just wanted to see if there were any changes to expectations or synergy targets as it relates to that.
Andrew Asher: No. My bullishness is ESI and Centene working together to deliver what we anticipated when we inked the deal a couple of months ago or a month or so ago.  One more thing. Let me -- on share buyback, let me clarify something that I said earlier. I was answering a 2024 question. The $3 billion is our placeholder for 2024. The 2023 back half of the year share buyback is about $1.5 billion. And that's because we've got a little bit of trapped capital that we'll have to get out over the following year or so. So the $3 billion I mentioned is the forecast for 2024, absent any acquisitions.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference over to Sarah London for any closing remarks.
Sarah London: Thanks, Rocco, and thanks, everyone, for your time this morning. Please reach out to Jen with any follow-up questions, and we look forward to talking to you throughout the rest of the quarter.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. We thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-25 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning everyone, and welcome to the Centene Corporation Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please also note today's event is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference call over to Jennifer Gilligan, Senior Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations. Ma'am, please go ahead.
Jennifer Gilligan: Thank you, Jamie, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on our third quarter 2022 earnings results conference call. Sarah London, Chief Executive Officer; Brent Layton, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Drew Asher, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Centene will host this morning's call, which also can be accessed through our website at centene.com. Any remarks that Centene may make about future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for the purpose of the Safe Harbor provision under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by those forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors including those discussed in Centene's most recent Form 10-K filed February 22, 2022 and other public SEC filings. Centene anticipates that subsequent events and developments may cause its estimates to change. While the company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. The call will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of these measures within those directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our third quarter 2022 press release, which is available on the company's website under the Investors section. Company is unable to provide a reconciliation of its 2023 and 2024 adjusted diluted EPS targets to corresponding GAAP measures without unreasonable efforts due to the difficulty of predicting the timing and amounts of various items within a reasonable range. Finally, please mark your calendars for our upcoming Investor Day on December 17 at New York City. Invitations and necessary registration information will be send out shortly. With that, I would like to turn the call over to our CEO, Sarah London. Sarah?
Sarah London: Thank you, Jen, and thanks everyone for joining us this morning as we discuss our third quarter results. During our time today, I will review the highlights of our financial and operational for Q3, and address some of the more recent developments shaping our view of 2023 and beyond. Then Brent will offer comments around the core businesses and share updates on our strong positioning relative to 2023, Medicare and marketplace enrollment. Finally, Drew will provide details of our overall financial performance and update our full year 2022 outlook. First, the quarter. We reported third quarter adjusted EPS of $1.30 slightly ahead of our expectations. Our strong results were driven by continued organic growth in Medicaid and Medicare, the continued impact of marketplace bid discipline as well as strategic capital deployment in the form of share and bond repurchases. We now expect Centene's full year 2022 adjusted EPS to be within a range of $5.65 to $5.75 as we've raised the bottom end of the guidance range by $0.05 to reflect strong third quarter results, and taking into account continued investments to yield future returns. Since our initial issuance of the 2022 adjusted EPS guidance, we have now raised the midpoint 5.5% or $0.30, driven by government program growth and the successful execution of several key value creation initiatives. Drew will cover the quarter and our financial outlook in more detail shortly. Our strong year-to-date performance provides positive momentum as we prepare the organization for 2023 and beyond. With successful Medicaid reprocurements in Mississippi, Nebraska and Texas this quarter, our business development team continues to execute well, demonstrating their powerful market knowledge and delivering solid results. While we were disappointed with the results in the California RFP process, we remain confident in the quality of our RFP response and in the merits of our protest there which we'll talk more about shortly. In our other core business lines, we are enthusiastic about the opportunities we see to strategically balance growth with margin expansion. In marketplace, we have demonstrated strong margin improvement this year and see the recent developments in the marketplace competitive landscape as an opportunity for new organic growth in 2023 and beyond. In Medicare, we are confident we have positioned our bids to achieve expanded margin performance next year, while still delivering low to mid single-digit growth. Together Medicare and marketplace are well-positioned to offer tailwinds in support of our 2023 earnings goals. Behind the scenes our transformation work continues with a number of value creation initiatives, achieving key milestones during the quarter. As you know, we are redesigning key shared service functions to reflect the size and scale of the organization. And we're supporting these teams with modern flexible technology that will streamline workflows and make it easier to serve both members and providers. This quarter we completed the first wave of call center regionalization and successfully installed new call center technology to support the marketplace team in the upcoming open enrollment period. We also launched our Provider 360 application that will allow us to more seamlessly manage our provider relationships across the country. Each of these enhancements position Centene for improvement in both quality and efficiency as we move into 2023. At the same time, we continue to advance our portfolio review work. We close PANTHER this quarter and are in the closing process on both Magellan RX and Ribera. We will share additional updates as we position our non-health plan assets for maximum strategic value. Finally and importantly, we are pleased to share that a major cornerstone of our value creation plan was achieved this month when we concluded our PBM RFP process ahead of schedule. As many of you know, we expected the RFP process to drive significant value for Centene, our members and our state and federal partners. Beginning January 1, 2024 Evernorth Express Scripts will provide Centene pharmacy benefit management services. This new partnership will allow us to innovate and redesign the way our pharmacy benefits are administered as we deliver improved value to our customers and shareholders. As a result of this new contract, we anticipate delivering savings that exceed our previous expectations in 2024 and throughout the duration of the multiyear agreement. Now turning to two recent challenges. Given the development around both Star and our California contract, I'd like to spend a few minutes providing additional perspective on each of these issues. As we've shared before, the year-over-year deterioration of our Medicare Advantage Star ratings was driven in part by the sun setting of disaster relief provisions related to COVID. We were additionally impacted by a decline in specific metrics related to ops and admin, a result of our own operational challenges during late 2020 and 2021. While the final results were slightly worse than our internal expectations, the vast majority of the revenue headwind was known to us months in advance, as we share transparently with the investment community. This knowledge allowed us to position 2023 products with an emphasis on benefits stability and create a glide path to better mitigate the member impact from the Stars revenue headwind in 2024. As we called out during our June Investor Day, since learning of the magnitude of the Stars impact, we've taken aggressive action to change our approach to the Stars program. From an organizational perspective, we hired an experienced Chief Quality Officer and assigned strong operational leaders to manage key ops and admin programs beginning in Q1. We centralized oversight of the quality program and move the entire organization under Jim Murray, our Chief Transformation Officer to directly connect quality to our value creation office and take advantage of Jim's long experience driving Medicare quality outcomes. In addition, we launched a focused effort to standardize and streamline our quality processes and we implemented real time operational dashboards to track key performance metrics. Earlier this year, we invested in new technology to enhance our access to clinical data around gaps in care and we committed to integrating the company's numerous quality platforms into a single unified workflow. Finally, we made significant investments to improve our Medicare members onboarding journey, including the redesign of our approach to those mission-critical survey questions that impact caps and other metrics. But addressing the Stars challenge didn't stop with operational transformations. In late Q1, this newly installed management team cracked open our 2022 performance plan and added quality improvement as a key compensation metric for every single employee at Centene across the enterprise. When I say quality is a priority, I mean it. Over the next three cycles, our goal is to achieve at least 60% of members in four star plans. And I promise you the senior management team is aggressively tracking Stars improvement toward that goal on a real time basis. Now turning to California. The California RFP also carries implications for earnings power in 2024. Shortly after the August Medical Award announcement, and after closely reviewing the results, Centene along with many other RFP participants filed protests with the state of California. As this audience will appreciate, we are limited in our ability to comment too much during an active protest. But I will say this, Centene takes the matter of filing protests seriously. When we do so, it is not a matter of reflex, but done only when we see serious errors in a decision making process resulting in negative impacts on our beneficiaries. Because of our historic discipline around these decisions, Centene has a proven track record of success in the protests we have undertaken. And given our strong view of the merits of our California protest, we intend to exhaust all available avenues of appeal. Drew will talk more specifically about the financial impact of the Stars issue and the California results in a moment, but it is important to note that we are actively managing both situations and feel confident in our current strategies. As a reminder, Centene is on a journey of transformation in service of value creation. Between now and 2024, our work is to focus and fortify the organization, creating a strong foundation from which to drive profitable growth over the long-term. From the time our value creation plans were initially laid in June of 2021, this team went in eyes wide open to the level of change we were determined to enact. As we reflect on 2022 and the two full quarters since this management team has taken the helm, I am pleased with the amount of progress we have made and confident in our delivery of future milestones. We've assembled the right talent with proven executive leadership skills, created a sharpened focus through our value creation office and made deliberate investments to accelerate change. There was a lot more work ahead, but delivering this year's foundational milestones creates important momentum that will carry us into 2023 and 2024. The upcoming December Investor Day presents us with an important opportunity to give investors clarity around the long-term strategy that will underpin the trajectory of Centene's business. We will use Investor Day as a platform to share important areas of operational focus as well as to layout the market opportunities upon which we'll build our future growth. And importantly, we'll commit to long-term growth targets so that our investors are clear on management's expectations for our enterprise. Before I turn it over to Brent, I'd like to take a brief moment to express my gratitude to our Centene team members in Florida for their efforts in the face of the destruction brought by hurricane Ian last month. Once again, our local teams activated quickly, harnessing the power of local partnerships to support our members and employees and their communities in a time of need. Sunshine Health employees contacted more than 22,000 high risk members ahead of the storm to ensure they had a plan and in the storms wake to confirm their safety and assess their needs. We partnered with state and local government entities to strategically deploy resources, provide community support and offer distribution and staging sites for relief efforts. More than 500 Sunshine Health employees, some of whom were impacted themselves, nonetheless volunteered their time at disaster relief sites, including those sites we stood up inside our health plan community centers. At the height of operations, our community center in Fort Myers was serving more than 2,100 families each day, providing needed items like food, water, diapers, baby formula and basic hygiene products. Mission-driven employees are Centene's most powerful assets. Thank you to Sunshine Health employees and employees nationwide for your steadfast support of the communities impacted by Hurricane Ian. Throughout 2022, from Buffalo to [indiscernible] to Fort Myers, your acts of selflessness and service demonstrate the extraordinary impact of our mission driven workforce. I cannot express to you how proud I am to call you colleagues and friends. With that, I'll turn it over to Brent for an update on the business.
Brent Layton: Thank you, Sarah, and good morning. We are pleased to have made so much progress in 2022 both organizationally and operationally. While some of the benefits will take time to materialize externally, the internal advancements are tangible. There in the third quarter, we received results from several RFPs. In August, we received mixed results in California as we are were awarded contracts in nine counties including San Diego. We have also been awarded a sole source contract in Imperial County. As Sarah mentioned, we've appealed the state's notice of awards, and we'll provide updates on the process as appropriate. In August, we were also informed of our successful bid to continue to serve the state of Mississippi's Medicaid managed care program, including entry into the chip program. We've been a part of the Medicaid program since its inception and are pleased to continue our relationship with the state. In another of our longstanding markets, we reprocured the Star Health Medicaid program at Texas. We've held this contracts since 2008, when in collaboration with the Texas Health and Human Service Commission and the Department of Family and Protective Services. Our health plan Superior became the first managed care organization in the country to provide statewide sole source Medicaid coverage to children in foster care. To round out the quarter, we were fortunate to win the reprocurement of our statewide managed care contract in Nebraska. We look forward to continue to serve our membership in the Heritage Health program. In our existing Medicaid business, membership has increased to 15.7 million members at the end of third quarter and we continue to see an uptick in our fee activity. As the PHE has been extended to February, our Medicaid growth continues to be aided by the ongoing suspension of eligible redeterminations. As you heard me say before, whenever the PHE comes to a close, we'll continue to work with our state partners to support member transition and believe we are well-positioned to attract membership to our marketplace products. Our Ambetter product ended the quarter with 2.1 million members and remains on track to meet its margin goal for 2022. As the marketplace leader, we continue to ensure that Americans have financially affordable options for coverage, especially during times of disruption, such as the recent announcement of market exits by some of our competitors. We are working closely with our state partners to ensure these members have access to affordable coverage. We also see the extension of the enhanced advanced premium tax credits as fuel for additional growth during 2023 open enrollment period, which will begin in a few days. Consistent with our strategy and better health, we'll continue to pursue margin expansion through strategic membership growth and thoughtful pricing discipline. As we look to 2023, we've expanded our marketplace offerings to the state of Alabama, bringing this to 28 states. Additionally, we've added more than 60 new counties bringing this to over 1,500, which is over half the counties in the United States. We're also looking forward to the expansion of our Ambetter Health virtual access product, which we first launched here in 2022 open enrollment. This product supports affordable and convenient access to licensed virtual primary care providers as well as access to specialists and other support services. We will offer virtual access in nine new states for the upcoming open enrollment period bringing the product to 13 states in total. Our geographic and product expansion sale strategy, stable pricing, product offerings and operational strengths allow us to be optimistic about our positioning for 2023 open enrollment. In Medicare, we ended the quarter with over 1.5 million members. We have strong geographic growth for 2023 with WellCare product offerings available to 80% of the eligible Medicare population. We feel like 2023 products are in line with the expectations to support our low to mid single-digit growth expectations and continue to focus on member retention. Look forward to telling you more about our '23 outlook in December. In short, our core products continue to perform well. With that, let me turn the call over to Drew.
Andrew Asher: Thank you, Brent. Today we reported third quarter 2022 results of $35.9 billion in total revenue, an increase of 11% compared to the third quarter of 2021 and adjusted diluted earnings per share of $1.30. Based upon performance in the quarter, we're raising our 2022 adjusted earnings guidance to a range of $5.65 to $5.75 by lifting the bottom of the range $0.05. Year-to-date, our guidance midpoint is up $0.30, or 5.5% since our original 2022 guidance provided in December of 2021. Total revenue grew by $3.5 billion compared to the third quarter of 2021 driven by: one, strong organic growth throughout the last year in Medicaid primarily due to the ongoing suspension of eligibility redeterminations and Missouri Foster Care that commenced 7/1/22. Number two, the January 2022 acquisition of Magellan and three strong Medicare membership growth. This was partially offset by the July 2022 Panther divestiture. Our Q3 consolidated HBR was 88.3%. Medicaid at 90.2% was right on track in the quarter consistent with normal seasonality and back-to-school encounters. 48% of our Medicaid members are under 18 years old. Medicare at 83.9% was better than expectations in the quarter, driven by favorable health care affordability initiatives consistent with our efforts to improve execution. Year-to-date, the Medicare HBR is trending better than our original expectation, which we assumed would be roughly flat to 2021. That should bode well for our baseline as we look ahead to 2023 and 2024. The commercial HBR of 84.2% improved 450 basis points quarter over prior year quarter consistent with our original full year goal of an approximate 500 basis point HBR improvement in 2022 compared to 2021. Commercial performance in 2022 has been driven by disciplined pricing actions, initiatives executed in 2022 and as expected a reduction in COVID and pent up demand costs compared to 2021. Our marketplace businesses in 2022 is a good example of execution of margin expansion balanced with growth, which will enable us to take advantage of membership opportunities in 2023 and beyond. Moving to other P&L and balance sheet items. Our adjusted SG&A expense ratio was 8.3% in the third quarter compared to 8.1% last year. The inclusion of Magellan and the sale of Panther increased the ratio by approximately 20 basis points compared to the year-ago quarter. Additionally, we increased Medicare marketing and value creation investment spending in the Quarter. This was partially offset by real estate optimization savings based upon efforts that we began in Q2. Since the start of the third quarter, we have repurchased 15.3 million shares of our common stock for 1.3 billion. Year-to-date, we have repurchased 19.5 million shares for 1.7 billion. Also since the start of the third quarter, we have repurchased approximately 317 million of our senior notes for $300 million to balance the capital structure and take advantage of market conditions. We are working to close the Magellan Rx divestiture by the end of the year. Estimated net deployable proceeds on that transaction would be in the zone of 1.1 billion. A few weeks ago, we were very pleased to receive an upgrade for our senior notes to investment grade by Fitch. The company has been working on that goal for a couple of years. Our senior notes are now rated investment grade by two of the three major rating agencies. Cash flow provided by operations was $3.3 billion in the third quarter, primarily driven by earnings and the receipt of approximately $2.9 billion in CMS payments for October on the last day of September. This temporarily drives up unearned revenue and accounts payable on our balance sheet. Our year-to-date, operating cash flow was $7.8 billion or $4.9 billion excluding the early receipt of payments from CMS, representing 3.5x net earnings or 1.7x adjusted net earnings. Our domestic unregulated and unrestricted cash on hand at quarter end was $387 million, a portion of which was spent in October to finish up the capital deployment I just referenced. Debt at quarter end was $18 billion. Our debt to adjusted EBITDA came in at 3.0x. Our medical claims liability totaled $16 billion at quarter end and represents 54 days and claims payable compared to 55 in Q2 2022 and 51 in Q3 of 2021. The sequential decrease was largely driven by the timing of pharmacy claims payments. Outside of adjusted earnings, during the quarter, we record a $0.65 gain on the sale of Panther partially offset by a $0.23 loss on the impairment of Ribera Salud, and a $0.16 real estate impairment consistent with what we discussed last quarter. We expect another $0.15 or so of real estate impairment outside of adjusted earnings over the next couple of quarters as we complete the value creation real estate optimization. These items are reflected in updated GAAP guidance. Quickly on 2022 adjusted earnings guidance as we only have one quarter left in the year. As mentioned, we are lifting the bottom of the adjusted EPS range by nickel. Underneath that premium and service revenue was up approximately $700 million. There was no change to HBR from the previous range and the back half of 2022 investment income outperformance has largely been offset by SG&A investments to yield future returns. Suffice to say, 2022 has been a very good year one of executing on the value creation plan as a new leadership team. Many of you have asked about 2023 and 2024 in the context of recent business developments like the California RFP, Florida Medicaid rates and Stars, so let me give you some more color. We are in the middle of building up our detailed 2023 annual operating plan that we will complete by the beginning of December, seek our Board approval and then share formal 2023 guidance with you at our December 16 Investor Day. Based upon good execution on our value creation plan and anticipated 2023 tailwinds and headwinds, we are still targeting low sixes consistent with what we have relayed to you previously. While we so called blessed consensus last December when it was at $6.20, today's consensus would still be in an expected 2023 guidance range. And that includes the worse than expected Florida 4.5% rate decrease effective 10/1/22. We'll run through all of the tailwinds and headwinds at the Investor Day and provide you bridges such that you can have confidence in our 2023 game plan. As we look ahead to 2024, we know a fair amount more than we first then -- when we first laid out a long-term target at our June 2021 Investor Day. Let me provide more insight into a few of the components that are different than our original construction of 2024. Starting with Stars, in 2021, we knew we would have a step back in Stars revenue for 2024 due to not only the inevitable sun setting of COVID Disaster Relief provisions, but also underperformance in the area of Medicare ops and admin in the back half of 2020 and the first half of 2021 prior to this management team taking the helm. Sarah provide your color on more of the background. But yes, it was a little worse than we originally expected as the final Star results became visible during 2022. Moving now to California. Our 2024 forecast construction anticipated and continues to anticipate retaining our major state Medicaid contracts, including California. We are confident in the basis for our protest. But if we are unsuccessful that could be a pressure point relative to the $7.50 plus target. On the positive side, we are very pleased with the economics to be realized as a result of the PBM RFP process. Investment income is stronger today and expected to be stronger in 2024 than we originally had built into the 2024 modeling. And we are pulling value creation plan levers and buying shares with 2024 in mind. A number of you have asked for the impact of Stars in California. Let me boil it down into a macro view of 2024, including the items I just mentioned. There is approximately $0.20 to $0.25 to $0.50 of potential EPS pressure in 2024 in relation to our original goal of $7.50 plus. Until we know more on the outcome of California, we are still committed to driving to at least $7.50. I hope that gives you adequate scenario based color for 2024 as we sit here in 2022. And I'm sure you've thought through if we can achieve our 2024 goals, that means we have pulled levers that both annualized and carry into 2025 when our Stars headwind turns into a sequential tailwind. We are pleased with the third quarter and the progress demonstrated in 2022 as well as the prospect for our business in 2023 and beyond. And we look forward to sharing with you our long-term strategy and long-term growth algorithm for both revenue and earnings growth at Investor Day in December. Thank you for being part of our journey. Operator, you may now open the line up for questions.
Operator: And our first question today comes from Josh Raskin from Nephron Research. Please go ahead with your question.
Joshua Raskin: Hi, thanks. Good morning. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about the key factors and decision to move the PBM to Express Scripts, sort of what got you over the hurdle of moving? And I was curious if you were attracted by any of the other services that are offered by Evernorth that's part of it? I'm specifically interested in specialty as well. And then I know part three of one question, but anyway to size the relative outperformance versus previous expectations just on the economics of the deal.
Sarah London: Yes, thanks, Josh. So, first, I would say that we were very pleased with how competitive the process turned out to be and the fact that we had in multiple very good options. As we said, we were able to achieve savings exceeded expectations without feeling like we were sacrificing quality and execution. And we carried forward into the process all of the criteria that we talked about in earlier calls in terms of operational execution, level of partnership, a sense of quality performance, innovation. We have ahead of us significant operational undertaking, but I have to give major credit to our team for spending a lot of the time during the RFP process doing preparation work in order to give us maximum optionality in the consideration. So we're feeling good about moving forward with core services and the ability to continue to expand the relationship, if that makes sense.
Brent Layton: Yes, Josh, on the economics, I'm sure you can appreciate. We don't like disclosing sort of proprietary cost structure elements, but it did exceed our expectations, which I think you can surmise by our willingness to take on the operational challenge of moving. And that was sort of baked into the macro view I provided on 2024.
Joshua Raskin: Okay. Understood. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from Stephen Baxter from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead with your question.
Stephen Baxter: Yes. Hi. Thank you for the question and all the color. I think you said you'll be targeting 60% of your Medicare Advantage membership in four star or better contracts. Apologies if I missed it, but what was the timeframe you think it will realistically take to get there? And assuming that it is a multiyear process, do you think it's reasonable to expect most of the improvement to be concentrated in the next cycles and some of those metrics are still in front of you to be measured? How do you think we should think about maybe more even pacing on that? Thank you very much.
Sarah London: Yes. Thanks, Stephen, for the question. So it is -- we do see that goal of the 60% in Four-Star or at least 60% in Four-Star over the next three cycles. So keeping in mind the fact that Star results are released in October. And I think we see the progress over that time period to be sort of fairly equal steps and are, again, like I said, pleased with what we are seeing in terms of the real-time data that we're tracking and meaningful operational improvement over the course of 2022 so far.
Brent Layton: Jamie, next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Lake from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead with your question.
Justin Lake: Thanks. Good morning. Just a couple of things here. First, I appreciate your comments on 2024. Can you be -- just give us a little bit more color in terms of when you say the $0.20 to $0.25 to $0.50 of headwinds potentially, does that assume -- is that net of everything? Meaning, like, for instance, if I were to think about your guidance in 2024 there's some -- looked like there was some conservatism just in terms of the buildup when you gave it initially, plus the tailwinds minus the headwinds. Are you saying when you add all of that together, if everything happens the way it looks today, meaning the appeal is not successful, for instance, that number would be $0.25 to $0.50 too high. First. And then secondly, can you just give us an update on California in terms of the timing? My understanding is the state has to make a decision or the arbiter has to make a decision on the appeal. And then there's also a lawsuit that are in place that a judge would need to roll on. So maybe you can give us a color on that timing. Thank you.
Andrew Asher: Yes, I will take part one, Justin. As we sit here, 16 months removed from that first look into 2024 back in June of 2021, we obviously know a fair amount more than we did then. And so yes, what I covered was meant to capture everything we know now. And I think you pointed out the biggest swing factor, obviously, is California, a pretty sizable piece of business for us in L.A. and Sacramento and current counties. So that would be the swing factor of that $0.25 to $0.50. It's a net view, but that's the biggest swing factor that would get us back into that $7.50 plus.
Sarah London: And then in terms of timing on the appeal, the department is currently considering all of the appeals that have been submitted across RFP respondents. And the next step is what we consider to be a fairly procedural ruling. And then from there, we would move into the courts with a lawsuit.
Operator: And our next question comes from Lance Wilkes from Bernstein. Please go ahead with your question.
Lance Wilkes: Yes. See, I just wanted to get a clarification on the PBM, the kind of expected timing of the savings, if they're all hitting in '24 if you're getting a portion of that in '24 and more in '25. And then just understanding the length of contracts on that. And then if there's anything to tell us about mitigation strategies on the Star ratings, like any opportunity to shift people to other if you have dual plans in the state or anything like that, that would be helpful, too. Thanks.
Andrew Asher: Yes, on the PBM contract, it's a multiyear contract. And so you're right, we get the stair step benefit. Quite frankly, that we'd always anticipated. The concept of a stair step effect of 1/1/24 with either a renewal or a new PBM contract. And then we negotiate multiyear guarantees and inflators. And so think of it as sort of a gradual improvement thereafter. So over the next, call it, few years after the commencement of the contract.
Sarah London: And then on Stars, I would say there are probably three ways to think about mitigation. The first and most important is making sure that we position 2023 bids in order to maximize benefit stability across 2023 and 2024. And given that we had early visibility into headwind, we were able to do that. The second, of course, is creating the important tailwinds in 2024 in order to make up for the revenue hit. And then the most important one is making sure that our performance in Stars dates of service of 2022 as strong as possible so that we're creating maximum tailwinds for the Stars revenue as we head into 2025, as Drew referenced. And again, on that latter point, having the strong predictive data that allowed us to see the impending impact of the 2021 issue is equally giving us visibility to meaningful improvement in our operational performance on Star in 2022 so far.
Operator: And our next question comes from A.J. Rice from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead with your question.
A.J. Rice: Thanks. Just first one cleanup on the PBM contract. I know this is one of the biggest contracts, it's changed [indiscernible] in a while. And sometimes, historically, when there's been a big contract change, the customer gets some help on the transition period. Is there any support that you're going to get from your new PBM on next year that impacts the results as you make the transition? And then my more meaningful long-term question is on the reverifications. Obviously, there's been another delay in the -- or extension of the PAG since I think you last time updated your thoughts on reverifications. There's also the chatter about the economy slowing down. Maybe give us your updated thoughts about how much of the reverifications you might absorb next year versus slipping into '24, if you have any updated thoughts.
Andrew Asher: Okay. Yes, two good questions. On the first one, yes, it's very customary as you pointed out, A.J., that the winning RFP PBM covers the transition costs. So there's a negotiated pool of cost coverage for the actual sort of operating and consulting cost and execution costs that will take during 2023 to convert as of 1/1/24. Quite frankly, similar concept we had back in 2015. And your second question, so yes, another 3 months go by, and we are targeting our construction of our forecast and our 2023 operating plan is assuming a 2/1 commencement of redeterminations, but that has moved since last quarter. So right now, if you look back at right before the pandemic, we've grown about 3 million members in Medicaid, a little over 3 million, so call it about $12.5 billion of revenue. And so the last time we talked, we were estimating $7 billion to $7.5 billion would be the amount that would be sort of given back due to redeterminations, bumped that up a little bit now to $7.5 billion to $8 billion. So it's about 62% of that revenue that we've gained. But as each quarter goes by, I think the long-term prognosis of the company, we benefit because we don't give back 100% of that incremental revenue we've grown, at least in our estimates. So the time has been really good to be able to work with the states to plan for not just ensuring that there's continuity of coverage for Medicaid recipients but also to make sure our marketplace business, which is well-positioned in '25 of our Medicaid markets to be the recipient of some of those members. Your question about '23 versus '24, based upon a 2/1 commencement date, the midpoint of that revenue is $7.75 billion, probably $4 billion to $4.5 billion of that would hit in '23 and then the balance largely in '24, but let's see what happens with the PHE date, and we'll have to update you if that moves.
Sarah London: And I would just 
A.J. Rice: Okay, great.
Sarah London: Sorry, I was just going to add quickly on the recession point. It's hard to estimate exactly what the impact of that will be partly because we are still watching that trend. But in general, during a recession, more folks rely on the health safety net and managed care growth. And so that may be an input as we see what the overall impact of redeterminations is as they unfold.
A.J. Rice: Okay, great. Thanks so much.
Operator: And our next question comes from Kevin Fischbeck from Bank of America. Please go ahead with your question.
Kevin Fischbeck: Great. Thanks. I wanted to go into, I guess, the state rate update and backdrop. You guys for a while, talked about redeterminations and kind of the confidence that states will give you appropriate rates if the risk pool does get worse. I'd just like to hear kind of what you think happened in Florida and whether any other states are talking about rate cuts in front of that? Because that one to me kind of bothered me a little bit heading into next year, making me wonder if we are about to see additional states come in with rates. So any color on how you're thinking about that?
Andrew Asher: Yes. In Florida, they never put in a COVID era risk corridor. And so I'm sure that was a consideration for them. But believe me, we pushed back on that. We didn't think that the minus 4.5% on behalf of the participants, the industry in Florida was appropriate. And the good news with Florida is historically they're very good listeners, and it's our job to show data. And if we can show the data mid cycle or certainly by 10/1/23, we get another buy at the Apple and Florida has been a great partner for us and really expect to have a continuing strong and economically viable arrangement in Florida in the long run.
Kevin Fischbeck: Other states looking to for cuts?
Andrew Asher: Yes. If you go back, let me frame the answer in terms of what we shared with you at Investor Day, the 1.3% is what we had built in is our composite rate into the 2022 plan that we shared with you in December of 2021. That's closer to 0.9% to 1%, and most of that difference is Florida. So the rest of the portfolio is sort of in the zone of right on track.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Fidel from Stephens. Please go ahead with your question.
Scott Fidel: Thanks. Good morning. Wanted to just maybe flesh out the exchange marketplace a bit more for 2023. As you mentioned, obviously, some pretty major competitive changes in the marketplace, particularly with Bright exiting and looks like Friday is exiting at least Texas as well. So maybe walk us through how meaningful you think, I guess, the jump ball on membership could be. And then also, your comfort just with your pricing, if you do end up getting a big bolus [ph] of members from some of these other carriers, whether you're confident that your pricing is positioned to still achieve your targeted exchange markets. Thanks.
Sarah London: Yes. Thanks for the question. In general, we see the marketplace exit as an overall positive, but I'll let Brent walk through the why and how we're feeling about pricing and positioning.
Brent Layton: There is no doubt that there is a great opportunity for us here. We've been in the exchange program from day 1. We've never exited. We've continued to provide strong provider networks, good customer service and very stable pricing with good distribution. So we do see this as an opportunity from the standpoint. At the same time, we think that there's; one, the membership that would potentially come over from some of our competitors were exiting, but also just overall growth as we head into the upcoming open enrollment. So we feel positive about the opportunities. We've spent many, many years working very closely with our state regulators, which have given us an opportunity to work through this challenge that they face as people have exited, but that partnership allows us also to continue to work on a daily basis of getting strong customer service.
Operator: And our next question comes from Calvin Sternick from JPMorgan. Please go ahead with your question.
Calvin Sternick: Yes, hi. Good morning. Maybe ask one just on utilization. Can you give us a little color on utilization trends in the quarter by product line and how those sort of compared to pre-pandemic levels, and I guess, whether you've seen any notable shifts quarter-over-quarter?
Andrew Asher: Good question. So let me hit COVID first, then I'll get to your non-COVID, which I think is more of the line of your questioning. So COVID was slightly higher than Q2, which was, as you may recall, down from Q1. So -- and there was a very shallow peak in August. So really sort of consistent, slightly higher than Q2. The non-COVID, which is what you're asking about is really in line with normal seasonality and pre-COVID movements, like from Q2 to Q3. We don't see any signs of pent-up demand at the magnitude that we saw in 2021. And we also track a basket of potentially deferrable services, and that's flat to Q2. So pretty stable macro. And yes, there's a couple of pockets of continued, call it, minor suppression. I'd point to non-emergent ER still a little suppressed, which is good news, obviously. And then while we had a really good quarter in Medicare underneath that, I'd say, ER and urgent care are a little high, offset by a little bit favorable inpatient in Medicare. So just something we are watching in Medicare, but obviously, it didn't affect the aggregate results, which were really strong in Medicare in the quarter.
Calvin Sternick: If I could just ask on the Medicare and commercial side. Are you seeing any change from inflation on consumers' willingness to sort of access care?
Andrew Asher: With the subsidies, think about our government programs business and the cost sharing that most of our members avail themselves of, I think it's probably a different population than if we had a national account business. So no -- yes, no signs of that yet.
Operator: And our next question comes from Michael Ha from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead with your question.
Michael Ha: Thank you, guys. Just on MLR real quickly. It looks like the street might have been a little bit too low in Medicaid MLR for the quarter, but it sounds like it was directly in line with your internal expectations. Is that right? And on MA, very strong performance sequentially improving 170 bps. You mentioned some favorable affordability initiatives, but it just seems unusually strong for third quarter. I was wondering if you could help drill down a bit on that. And then one last one on the PBM contract. Of your $35 billion in drug spend, how much of that is currently sitting with CVS Caremark [ph]? Thanks.
Andrew Asher: All right. Let me see if I can remember all three questions. Almost all of it is the answer to your last question. We have about $40 billion plus or minus of gross spend and almost all of that is with Caremark. On Medicaid, yes, we are right on the nose. We are right at our expectation, both in our plan as well as our six plus six forecast, which is that midyear reforecast. So right on track on Medicaid. And in Medicare, pleased with the performance. There's a whole slate of clinical initiatives and call them sort of initiatives to help improve quality and the affordability of health care. And so it could be anything from clinical initiatives or provider contracting or execution on chart chase for risk adjustment. So it's sort of like the nuts and bolts execution that we've got a whole slate of initiatives that will continue to drive into all of our businesses. We just happen to do really well in Medicare so far this year.
Michael Ha: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Nathan Rich from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead with your question.
Nathan Rich: Thanks. Good morning. First, if I could just ask a quick clarification on the $0.25 to $0.50 potential headwind. Does it include incremental capital deployment benefits from buybacks and debt repayment? And could you maybe just talk about generally how you're thinking about the capital deployment piece of the long-range plan? And then as a follow-up on the MA business, I think you had previously talked about margin improvement in 2023. So I think, highlighted some of the investments you're making in light of the recent STAR scores. So does that change the margin trajectory for that business over the next few years? Thank you.
Andrew Asher: Yes. We will talk a lot more at Investor Day about capital deployment. But yes, the third bucket of our value creation plan is always contemplated heavy deployment of share buyback, but debt management as well as you saw this quarter. We bought back 370 [ph] million face of our bonds for $300 million and cut out some future interest expense along the way. But we'll cover more of capital deployment at Investor Day. So the answer to your first question is yes, it's contemplated in that -- in the 2024 macro view I provided. And then, I guess, since we've already sort of bless the current consensus. The answer to your second question, which is we've contemplated investments necessary to drive performance in our 2023 buildup, and we still expect margin expansion in Medicare for 2023.
Sarah London: Yes. And again, I think we've pointed in the past to the fact that the marketplace progression is a good proof of our ability to expand margin and still grow and innovate in a product line as well as being positioned to take advantage of market opportunities like we are in marketplace. So that is still the plan for 2023, and we feel good about how our bids are positioned for that. And then as we go through 2024, we're going to want to make sure that we reduce member abrasion that was part of how we designed the bids. And then as we look to 2025 and pick up the tailwinds of Star, the ability to revisit sort of the margin and growth balance on a go forward basis.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gary Taylor from Cowen. Please go ahead with your question.
Gary Taylor: Hey, good morning. I just had a quick question, and I wanted to pass on a clinic question I still get a lot including this morning. My quick one was just on the Florida rate cut, which you said was, I think, worse than you had thought yet you maintained. Actually raised the low end of this year and blessed and maintain what you had said about 2023. So my question was just other operational offsets anything specific that allows you to uphold the guidance despite that cut. And then the client question, I still get all the time is really around redetermination, adverse selection risk. I know, Drew, you've talked a lot about that low utilizer bucket and keeping an eye on that, et cetera. But anything sort of updated there that is underpinning that the confidence on the Medicaid MLR on margin for '23 would be helpful, I think. Thanks.
Andrew Asher: Okay. The answer to your first question, it's really the beauty of having a very broad portfolio of multiple lines of business, being in 30 states now for Medicaid. I mean that helps a lot. So you're not ultra, ultra dependent on any single state, although Florida is a pretty big one for us. So I think it's the execution of the value creation plan and the levers that the team is pulling that has enabled us to power through that isolated item. And in the portfolio, there's things that are going to be better than you expected and things that won't come in exactly where you had expected. So we're pretty pleased to be able to still be targeting that low sixes zone for 2023. On redeterminations, we continue to look at the data, sort of nothing different than what we've said in past earnings calls at our June Investor Day. I don't want to minimize that as an important lever that we will be tracking. It's our job to educate states and provide data to the extent that a rate modification would be necessary in a post redetermination world. So there's work to do in there, but we are ready to do so. I think I described on the prior call, we've got -- we've actually developed a common template across all of our health plans. We've got the data sources available and we are ready to go in and make the arguments and we've warmed up our state partners to acknowledge that it's going to be something that they are going to track also. So I don't want to minimize that as either a risk or something that we really have to work hard to execute on, but we are ready, and our state partners are generally good listeners.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Valiquette from Barclays. Please go ahead with your question.
Steven Valiquette: Great. Thanks. Good morning, everybody. So just a follow-up on the utilization trends. I think if I heard you right, you mentioned that you're not really seeing any notable pent-up demand of traditional non-COVID utilization in '22 versus what you saw in '21. So I guess as we just sort of think about the puts and takes for utilization for '23, do you still factor in the possibility of pent-up demand utilization in any cost categories for next year, whether it's led to procedures or other areas? Or do you just think the Canopy, this is just not going to happen now, and it's all in the rearview mirror as far as the whole notion of pent-up demand? Thanks.
Andrew Asher: Yes, I think we are going to assume it's going to be a blend. I mean, there are some pockets where we do expect some normalization. But when I say pent-up demand, it's really the sort of the flood that we saw in Q2 of 2021, especially in the marketplace. And we don't expect something like that to occur again. Providers have become very resilient of managing through and we saw that in Omicron. They were able to manage through that very well without any residual meaningful pent-up demand coming out of that Q1, early Q1 Omicron variants. So we are going to make forward trend assumptions that we think about not just future COVID costs, future COVID vaccine costs, but also sort of flu normal trend, a normal flu season meaning sort of a pre-COVID era flu season. So all of that is fungible and our forward estimates of trend. But yes, we are thinking about sort of all of those legs of the stool.
Steven Valiquette: Okay, got it. Okay. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from George Hill from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead with your question.
George Hill: Hey, good morning and I appreciate you guys sneaking me in. Drew, just two things I wasn't clear on is, number one, is there any recourse left for the Florida rate cut or is that decision final? I was just a little confused by the commentary as to whether or not we are done there or something goes forward. And maybe just I had a quick -- I will do PBM for [indiscernible] well I will ask. Can you provide any color on kind of what was kind of the incremental thing that drove the decision change from CVS to ESI? And I typically try to rank order these things like price, service, access formulary. Just would love to know kind of what was the needle mover in the [indiscernible]? Thank you.
Sarah London: Yes, I can take the PBM question first and then kick it over to Drew on Florida. I think like I said, we were really happy with how competitive the process was. We thought everybody showed up with strong bids. Obviously, economics matter a lot. But we look across the whole slate of criteria. And it was really sort of the aggregate calculus that made the decision, not any one individual thing. Again, I think the market has good strong competition. We feel good about the go forward partnership and the ability to sort of innovate how our PBM functions are administered.
Andrew Asher: And then on Florida, yes, the cake is baked for the 10/1 sort of rate change. But my reference was we are constantly reviewing data with not just the state representatives but also their actuaries and we will continue to do so over the next year. And then we expect the renewal of that rate no later than 10/1/23. One question you didn't ask, but we've got a couple of notes coming in on just to be clear on the $0.25 to $0.50 is net of the tailwinds that I laid out. So that was a macro overall view of 2024, where this team, we are committed to driving to the $7.50 plus, but we also have -- we don't have perfect information, including California. And that view is net of tailwinds, but it includes headwinds such as Star.
George Hill: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude our question-and-answer session. At this time, I'd like to turn the floor back over to Sarah London for any closing remarks.
Sarah London: Thanks so much. Thanks, everyone, for your time this morning. Great questions. We look forward to seeing many of you at our December Investor Day and look forward to the opportunity to share more about Centene's strategy for long-term profitable growth. Have a great day.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, the conference has now concluded. We do thank you for joining today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-26 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Centene Corporation Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Please note, today's event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jen Gilligan, Senior Vice President, Finance and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Jennifer Gilligan: Thank you, Rocco, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on our second quarter 2022 earnings results conference Call. Sarah London, Chief Executive Officer; Brent Layton, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Drew Asher, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Centene, will host this morning's call, which also can be accessed through our website at centene.com.  Any remarks that San team may make about future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for the purpose of the safe harbor provision under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by those forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors including those discussed in Centene's most recent Form 10-K filed on February 22, 2022, and other public SEC filings. Centene anticipates that subsequent events and developments may cause its estimates to change.  While the company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. The call will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures.  A reconciliation of these measures can be found in our second quarter 2022 press release, which is available on the company's website under the Investors section. Please mark your calendars for our next earnings conference call scheduled for October 25. With that, I would like to turn the call over to our CEO, Sarah London. Sarah?
Sarah London: Thanks, Jen, and thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. Centene entered 2022 with a focus on value creation. As a reminder, value creation at Centene means becoming a better partner by simplifying and strengthening our operations. making it easier for our members and providers to work with us.  It means focusing on our core business and leveraging trusted local relationships to fuel disciplined growth and it means allocating capital to innovation that delivers better outcomes. Value creation is not measured solely in earnings per share, but importantly, in the impact that we have on the members we serve and the communities we support.  Over the last 6 months, our value creation program has gained momentum and scale with efforts that span our local health plans and enterprise-wide functions. At the same time, the team is executing well on our day-to-day objectives and doubling down on our work to define the long-term trajectory of the organization for 2025 and beyond with a focus on sustainable growth and market leadership.  This morning, I'll provide headlines of our quarterly performance and cover a few more recent value creation updates. Before handing the call over to Brent for an update on product line performance, I'd also like to touch briefly on what I've observed over my first few months as CEO about Centene's ability to differentiate in the marketplace.  Let's start with the quarter. Second quarter results were directly in line with the guidance we provided at our June Investor Day. Thoughtful product positioning across lines of business, initiatives to enhance medical management and a more balanced approach to capital allocation, all contributed to our strong first half performance, which provides an excellent foundation to build from as we look to the balance of the year.  Today, we once again increased guidance with our full year adjusted EPS outlook now at $5.60 to $5.75, which represents a cumulative $0.20 increase since Q1.  You will hear more details about the quarter and this improved full year outlook from Drew shortly. On the value creation front, we are full steam ahead. You've now heard quite a bit about the Myriad in-flight initiatives Jim Murray and his team are tracking and supporting in close partnership with our business leaders.  We continue to see solid progress on our operating model redesign efforts as well as our work to optimize key process-driven functions like quality and utilization management. Our plan to establish a pharmacy center of excellence across the health plans continues to advance and the PBM RFP process remains on track.  In the handful of weeks since our June Investor Day, we completed the Panther divestiture, closing out another key milestone in our portfolio review work. As previously announced, a majority of the net proceeds from the sale will be used to repurchase stock and the balance to reduce debt.  Yesterday, we announced another important portfolio action with the signing of a definitive agreement to divest our Spanish and Central European assets to Vivaldo Sante, which is the third largest private hospital company in France. We believe the Vivaldo Sante is well positioned to invest in and grow Ribera Salud, Totan and Pro Diagnostics group, while ensuring they continue to provide high-quality care for patients across Europe.  Across the remainder of our non-health plan portfolio, the review process remains very active, and the team is leveraging our evolving long-term strategic framework to ensure that we position these assets either through investment, partnership or divestiture to deliver maximum strategic benefit moving forward.  Consistent with our capital deployment plans, it is worth highlighting that we repurchased $450 million of our common stock since the beginning of Q2 and in part leveraging proceeds from other minor asset sales in the quarter. On the real estate front, we previously described the comprehensive exercise to evaluate our leased and owned real estate portfolio.  Today, we took an important step towards the achievement of run rate savings related to that exercise, recognizing a charge reflecting a material reduction in the company's real estate footprint. This allows us to capture savings associated with the space rationalization beginning in Q3. We continue to expect approximately $200 million of run rate savings for 2023 and beyond.  This initiative reflects the high value we place on evolving Centene to meet the needs of our incredible workforce, but it should also serve as a proof point that we will look to pull forward the benefits of our work wherever possible as we progress on this value creation journey.  As you can see, value creation work streams are delivering tangible progress and measurable results. As we move into the second half of the year, we will continue to provide updates on major operational milestones in keeping with our commitment to transparency and to prove that we are building the momentum necessary to carry us through the rest of this year and help us deliver meaningful financial results in 2023 and 2024.  Centene's ability to grow, deliver and transform all at the same time is made possible by our most valuable asset, our 80,000 diverse and innovative employees. Their mission-driven dedication to our members powers everything we do in this organization. I've spent quite a bit of time on the actual and virtual road since taking on this new role, meeting with our health plan leaders renewing connections with our key state partners and listening to team members at the front lines of our market operations.  And I want to report back to you that my conviction regarding the power of Centene's local approach has never been greater. Local matters when it comes to growth as our unparalleled business development team improved yet again with the recent win in the state of Delaware.  Years of boots on the ground, personal visits, relationship building and deep market knowledge were key to securing a contract award in Centene's 30th Medicaid state. Local makes the difference when it comes to outsized impact, as I saw on my visit to our Silver Summit Health Plan in Nevada.  There, team members realized how many of our new mothers didn't have access to transportation and so they partner with an organization called Babies bounty to create a diaper van that could deliver baby essentials, diapers and wipes directly to Southern Nevada's tiniest and most vulnerable residents.  Local also makes a difference when it comes to innovation as I experienced firsthand on a recent trip to New Hampshire. Combating the effect of rapidly rising food prices and knowing the risk food and security presents to our Medicaid members, our team at New Hampshire Healthy Families jumpstarted their green to go program, distributing locally sourced fruits and vegetables from food vans strategically positioned across the Granite State.  So let me tell you where local really makes a difference. Local makes a difference when it comes to caring, the kind of deep personal caring that comes when your customer is also your neighbor. On May 14, when shots rang out in the aisles of a neighborhood grocery store in Downtown Buffalo, are extraordinary colleagues at Fidelis Care in New York State sprang into action. No one from headquarters had to call them and tell them what to do.  They knew what to do because they were there inside the community because they were local. Within 24 hours, Fidelis employees mobilized to distribute food and needed supplies into a community whose only grocery store was surrounded in police tape. And with the neighborhood pharmacy inside that top grocery store suddenly closed, our locally based team identified and called every one of the 373 members who had filled their prescriptions at that pharmacy in recent months.  Within 72 hours, each of those 373 members received a personal call from a Fidelis Care employee checking in on them. Assuring their supply of medication was in order and assisting them in identifying additional pharmacy resources in the area. Neighbors engaging in simple but profound acts of human caring. That's the power of local.  We are proud of the progress and the financial performance of Centene year-to-date, and we are proud of the work that our team members do every day. Value creation for members leads to value creation for shareholders, and we will continue to focus on this alignment in the coming months and years as we execute on both value creation and our long-term strategic plan for 2025 and beyond.  With that, I'd like to pass the call to Brent for more detail on our core business line performance during the quarter. Brent?
Brent Layton: Thank you, Sarah, and good morning. I'm happy to talk about the performance of our core business lines during the second quarter. Centene is the leader in Medicaid Managed Care, and I'm pleased to say we continue to grow.  Earlier this month, we were honored to be notified by the state of Delaware of an intent to award Centene contract to serve a statewide Medicaid managed care program. Beginning January 1, 2023, Centene's Health Plan Delaware First Health, will provide integrated services for physical and behavioral health and long-term services and supports through the Diamond State Health Plan and Diamond State Health Plan Plus programs.  This is Centene's 30th Medicaid state. It's quite an achievement, and we look forward to this tremendous opportunity in Delaware. In addition to our new estate, earlier in the quarter, we were successful in the reprocurement of our Missouri contract serving TANF, Chip and expansion membership. We were also awarded the sole source specialty plant for children and foster care in Missouri. These contracts began July 1, and we're serving nearly 50,000 foster children and children receive an adoption subsea assistance in the state.  This is our industry-leading fifth sole source and specialty contract serving children and young adults involved with the child welfare system. We are incredibly proud of our innovative programs and outcomes for this membership. In our existing Medicaid membership has increased to 15.4 million members at the end of the second quarter.  Medicaid growth continues to be aided by the ongoing suspension of eligibility redeterminations. As you're all aware, that PHE is now extended to at least mid-October. As states consider their programs and budgetary needs post redetermination, several states beginning to process to transition new populations into managed care.  The state of Indiana has recently released an RFP for long-term services and supports, and we have recently responded to an RFI in Georgia, where the Medicaid agencies asking MCOs about their ability to serve more medically complex populations. Whenever the PHE comes to a close, we'll continue to work with our state partners to support member transition.  We remain confident in our ability to attract eligible membership to our marketplace products in 25 states where we have both Medicaid and exchange membership. Speaking of our exchange product, we entered the quarter at over 2 million members. Halfway through 2022, we remain the leader and the marketplace product.  The quality and consistency of our product offerings and operations has led to continued membership growth and the ability to partner closely with our providers. We continue to monitor the situation in Washington, in regards to enhance advanced premium tax credits and remain cautiously optimistic on the movements of this reconciliation bill.  We feel confident in our submitted bids for 2023, and we look forward to targeted geographic expansion and thoughtful expansion of new products that we began to offer in 2022 open enrollment. In Medicare, we ended the quarter at nearly 1.5 million members and are pleased with our continued membership growth of over 18% year-to-date.  Utilization continues to be steady, and we're seeing the benefit of our focused clinical initiatives. As we look towards annual enrollment, we are concentrated on margin and network expansion and the further penetration of existing states and markets. We continue to see deals as an area of growth for our company as our core capabilities position us well to serve this complex population.  Midway through 2022, our core products continue to perform well. With that, let me turn the call over to Drew.
Andrew Asher: Thank you, Brent. This morning, we reported second quarter 2022 results of $35.9 billion in total revenue, an increase of 16% compared to the second quarter of 2021 and 11% was organic with 5% from M&A.  We reported adjusted diluted earnings per share of $1.77 in the quarter, up 42% from $1.25 in Q2 of 2021. Overall, I'd characterize this as a strong quarter consistent with the update we provided to you at Investor Day on June 17. Let's start with revenue for the quarter.  Total revenue grew by $4.9 billion compared to the second quarter of 2021, driven by strong organic growth throughout the last year in Medicaid, primarily due to the ongoing suspension of eligibility redeterminations strong Medicare membership growth during the annual enrollment period, the acquisitions of Magellan and Circle and the commencement of contracts in North Carolina.  Total membership increased to $26.4 million, up 7% compared to a year ago. Our Q2 consolidated HBR was 86.7%, and Medicaid at 89.1% was a little better than expectations. Medicare at 85.6% was right on track and our commercial business continued to make progress toward our margin goals aided by the results of risk adjustment, which in Marketplace is zero-sum across the industry and tends to settle out pretty quickly in the following year.  Given the risk adjustment headwind we experienced in Q2 of 2021, we expected a big year-over-year improvement in HBR, and we got more than we expected. The commercial HBR of 77.5% improved 1,250 basis points year-over-year, also driven by pricing actions and a return to more normalized utilization compared to the second quarter of 2021.  When we look at our consolidated data, our Q2 COVID costs were down about 2/3 from Q1, which included the Omicron variant. Utilization has largely returned to a more normalized cadence as we have encouraged and facilitated our members to access health care, including preventative care.  Furthermore, throughout 2022, providers seem to be more resilient to managing COVID and non-COVID simultaneously. There's still a few areas that appear to be suppressed compared to 2019 and such as non-emergent ER visits, we believe Telehealth and improved primary care connectivity have played a role here.  Moving to other P&L and balance sheet items. Our adjusted SG&A expense ratio was 8.2% in the second quarter compared to 7.3% last year. On a combined basis, the inclusion of Magellan and Circle increased the ratio by approximately 40 basis points compared to the year ago quarter. Additionally, we incurred increased risk adjustment and member engagement costs that accompany the commercial HBR outperformance, higher Medicare broker commissions as we continue to grow and increased variable compensation.  We expect our value creation plan to drive SG&A lower over the next few years, though there will be ROI-based investments along the way. On the topic of the value creation plan, during the second quarter of 2022, we recorded an impairment charge of $1.45 billion related to the reduction in the company's real estate footprint consisting of $744 million related to leased real estate and $706 million related to owned real estate assets.  This was the lion's share of the charge we discussed at Investor Day in June with approximately $200 million more expected to come over the next couple of quarters related to real estate optimization. Cash flow provided by operations was very strong at $3.4 billion in the second quarter, primarily driven by earnings before the real estate charge and a reduction in receivables partially due to the receipt of state directed payments.  Our domestic unregulated and unrestricted cash on hand at quarter end was $483 million. During the second quarter, we repurchased $344 million of our common stock through our share repurchase program. As a result of the value creation plan year-to-date, we have repurchased $450 million including $106 million executed in July.  Furthermore, on July 14, we completed the divestiture of Panther and expect to recognize an after-tax gain of approximately $400 million in Q3. The majority of the net proceeds of approximately $1.3 billion will be used to repurchase stock and reduce debt as mentioned earlier by Sarah.  We are working to close the Magellan Rx transaction by the end of the year. Estimated net deployable proceeds on that transaction would be in the zone of $1.1 billion. And we were pleased to announce the sale of a few of our international businesses yesterday. Debt at quarter end was relatively flat at $18.8 billion. Our debt-to-cap ratio was 41.3%, temporarily pushed up from the real estate charge.  We continue to target a high 30s debt-to-capitalization ratio longer term. Our debt to adjusted EBITDA came in at 3.1x pretty close to the milestone we are seeking of 3x or less. Our medical claims liability totaled $16.6 billion at quarter end and represents 55 days in claims payable compared to 53% in Q1 of 2022 and 48 in Q2 of 2021.  The sequential increase was largely driven by the timing of pharmacy payments and state-directed payments received but not yet paid. As a reminder, on June 17, we lifted our adjusted EPS range by $0.15 to a range of $5.55 to $5.70 million Today, we're adding another $0.05 to guide to a range of $5.60 to $5.75, largely driven by some of the real estate benefit to be realized in the back half of the year net of some investment spending, such as the Delaware win.  In aggregate, since issuing initial 2022 guidance in December, we have increased our full year adjusted EPS outlook by $0.28 or 5% at the midpoint. GAAP EPS guidance has been adjusted to reflect the real estate charge and the gain on the sale of Panther. We've also updated the components of guidance, and I know some of you have models to build, so let me touch on some of the other P&L metrics.  Full year premium and service revenue is down $1 billion in cost of services is down approximately 100 basis points due to the divestiture of Panther. We also adjusted our share count and expect interest expense around $660 million, factoring in the deployment of Panther proceeds. We have ticked down HBR by 10 basis points to reflect performance in Q2 and have lifted adjusted SG&A by 20 basis points.  Approximately 1/3 of that lift is due to Panther, which had a high cost of services ratio but a very low SG&A rate. The remainder reflects the SG&A items I mentioned earlier, slightly offset by the $0.05 net SG&A benefit and guidance. For the full year, we would expect investment in other income in the zone of $400 million excluding the Panther gain and depreciation in the low to mid-600s, and we still assume a November 1 commencement of redeterminations and guidance.  Overall, I'm pleased with the tangible results we are showing today, both in terms of performance and value creation. But to be balanced, there are areas that we still need meaningful improvement such as Medicare Stars. Though we have referenced this multiple times, we want to make sure we are explicitly transparent.  The star scores that come out in the fall of 2022, and called rating year 2023 Star scores that drive 2024 Medicare revenue are going to be disappointing and unacceptable to this management team. At Investor Day, June -- Investor Day in June, Sarah touched on the why. We've been rebuilding governance fortifying operational areas and making the appropriate investments in people, process and technology over the past 9 months, and that will continue.  Execution in 2022 will drive Star scores to be released in the fall of 2023, which drive 2025 revenue, and we expect will create a meaningful rebound from the rating year 2023 Star scores. The senior management team and value creation plan are all over this. While we've made great progress in the first half of this year, this company has plenty of opportunity to improve which will create long-term value for our members, providers, state and federal customers and shareholders.  That's what we're excited about. Our journey is on track, and thank you for being part of it. Operator, you may now open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Today's first question comes from Josh Raskin with Nephron Research.
Joshua Raskin: I wanted to stay on Medicare Advantage where you ended up, Drew. And if I look at it, your revenues are up. I know you've got a bunch of products in there, but I'm guessing MA is probably up in the low 30% range. The MLR is down I think, about 150 basis points for the first half of the year, and that can be atypical.  So I'm curious, what do you think is driving the MLR improvement, especially when a quarter of the book is new members what metrics are you watching more closely to confirm that MLR? And then lastly, is 2023 still a year where you're targeting further MA margin improvement? Or are you getting some of that this year already?
Andrew Asher: Yes, Josh, thanks for the question. I'd say probably the lion's share of the improvement in what we disclose as Medicare HBR is actually in our PDP business. Though, to your point, the Medicare Advantage book is doing a little bit better year-over-year. We priced -- or the company priced 2022, for stability in HBR back when those bids were filed right around June of 2021.  But for 2023, we expect a meaningful move in margin expansion. We actually have Stars revenue in 2023. And we're going to balance that with more modest growth. You heard Brent at Investor Day mentioned low to mid-single digits. Medicare Advantage growth, which, quite frankly, I think is a good balance when you're pushing margin going into 2023. And then obviously, 2024, we've got a headwind to contend with that we have to think through the structure of the bids for that year with a recovery in Star scores in 2025.
Joshua Raskin: That all makes sense. But just the PDP business, I'm assuming is roughly 1/10 the size of your MA book, just from a revenue perspective. So were we talking about over about 1,000 basis points of PDP improvement? Is it that big? Is that what we're looking at?
Andrew Asher: PDP is doing quite well. There is some of this coming from Medicare Advantage and its clinical initiatives. The metrics we look at, we're -- Jim Murray mentioned this at Investor Day, sort of having dashboards that enable you to react and execute.  I mean, that's something we've we're not yet at where we want to be, but we've gotten a lot better at that. And connecting organized clinical initiatives from a centralized body across our health plans and then tracking the cost benefit of those initiatives, that's also something that we've gotten better at over the past, call it, 9 or 12 months.
Operator: Our next question today comes from A.J. Rice, Credit Suisse.
A.J. Rice: Hello, everybody. Thanks. Maybe I'll just ask a similar question but directed toward the marketplace, public exchanges. I know this quarter, the reported MLR looks quite low, but I think that's getting benefit from the risk adjustment true-up. Can you just give us a flavor for where you're at, you think, this year in your margin and your normalized HBR.  And then is this a jumping off point that's sustainable? Do you think you'll give some of that back next year? How do you think about the long-term trajectory of the margins on the exchanges.
Andrew Asher: Yes. I mean I'm really pleased with the execution around member engagement, physician engagement sort of risk adjustment process, which is a lot of nuts and bolts execution. And so that's something I think we can carry forward into future periods and continue to leverage better execution. We're not quite at the stated pretax goal of 5% to 7.5% in marketplace this year, and we expect to push into that next year as we look at the momentum we have in execution and financially and then think about sort of the right pricing and making sure we maintain competitiveness, sort of balancing all those things as we submitted the bids for next year.  So we expect a little bit of an advancement in margins even with the improved performance in Q2.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Borsch at BMO Capital Markets.
Matthew Borsch: Yes. I was hoping you could maybe just give us another walk through as you see it today on 2023. I know you're not guiding yet, but can you talk about your latest thinking in terms of what you're seeing as headwinds and tailwinds going into next year, you're obviously looking at few areas of margin improvement that you've made this year. What's your -- what's going to be your jumping-off points for 2023 if you could?
Andrew Asher: Yes. Once again, we're pulling levers this year that we expect to bear fruit not just as we pull those levers in '22, but that will set us up for '23, '24 and beyond. But specifically, if you think about the progression, we're sort of in the mid-5s, a little bit, mid-5s plus right now to that low 6s range that we've been targeting for the last 6 or 9 months as we laid that out.  Our tailwinds -- thinking back to the Investor Day slide, if you can picture that, we had $300 million plus of SG&A towards our $700 million bucket. Obviously, the real estate execution, that's $200 million of that $300 million on a run rate basis. And then there's other initiatives, as Jim and Sarah laid out at Investor Day sort of giving us that tailwind.  Gross margin, we just talked about a little bit more move. We made a big move in margin in '22, and that's going well. There's a little bit more we can get in '23, and that's how we constructed the bids. We just talked about Medicare margin. That should be a decent-sized advancement tailwind.  Then you go over to that third bucket of the value creation plan, the $0.50 bucket -- we'll get the -- we've talked about share buyback. We get the annualization, the benefit of some of that share buyback this year. We've divested a couple of businesses. Those are largely in the neutral zone even though we're deploying those proceeds to both share buyback and to reduce interest expense and debt load, investment income would be another element in that $0.50 bucket.  But then there are some headwinds, too. Redeterminations. We talked about it at Investor Day, that's a run rate, $7 billion to $7.5 billion revenue headwind at some point when that annualizes depending on the timing of the commencement of redeterminations, Enhanced APTCs are still outstanding. Jen can probably -- when one of you guys ask that, John can answer that a little bit later. And we're always tracking carve-outs of pharmacy in the Medicaid business. And then there's the ever-present Medicaid rates and trend that could go either way. So obviously, it's our job to influence and manage those.
Operator: And our next question then comes from Justin Lake of Wolfe Research.
Justin Lake: I wanted to ask you about the Medicaid MLR. Over the last couple of years, you've talked about paying about $1 billion of COVID-related margin corridors back to the states. Wanted to hear what you're seeing here year-to-date and expecting for the year overall, both in terms of the number of states they'll have in these in place and how you expect that to trend going forward? Reason I'm asking is just your MLR is up over 100 basis points year-to-date.  I'd assume you'd have to eat through on a year-over-year basis, a lot of that $1 billion at the state level before your own MLR will be impacted. So just trying to figure out what's going on there.
Andrew Asher: Yes. No, that's a good question. I think the COVID era in those previous disclosures really isolated the new risk corridors largely that popped up and some acuity adjustments that popped up during the COVID era. That's down to a couple few hundred million as expected because the sun setting of those risk corridors.  But maybe what's more relevant to your question is the total amount by which we expect to be into risk corridors, paybacks, other mechanisms, whether they originate in the COVID era or not. And that's -- we expect to be at about $1.3 billion in payback this year across our portfolio of 29 states.
Justin Lake: And that $1.3 billion compares to what last year, Drew, in total?
Andrew Asher: Well, a couple of billion because the COVID piece of that with the COVID era risk corridors were more present in '20 and '21, and they began sunsetting in '22. Some are still out there, but that was more like a couple of billion.
Justin Lake: So Drew, I guess the point is you're at $1.3 billion of what you're paying back. So by definition, I would think your at max margin in all those states where you're paying back. So how is your own MLR up 100 basis points when you're still paying back $1 billion. I would assume your couldn't have changed at all in those states? Or am I thinking about this small?
Andrew Asher: Yes. It's not sort of all or nothing when you get into risk corridors. There's different stair steps. There's grades of of corridors, and we're not at max in all of our states. There's many states -- there are states that are underperforming that we need rate action in to improve them over the next couple of years. It's the benefit of having a portfolio.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Kevin Fischbeck of Bank of America.
Kevin Fischbeck: Maybe just building on that question from a little bit different angle. I guess one of the reasons why companies have kind of said that redeterminations won't necessarily be a headwind to margins has been kind of these risk corridor dynamics. And I guess it's just kind of -- I struggle with a little bit the thought when companies say things like the risk pool hasn't gotten better during redetermination.  So it shouldn't get worse when the terms come back in. that risk quarter thing that leaves me a little bit questioning that because if you're at kind of max margin in a number of states, then doesn't that speak to somehow the risk pool being better than average.  And so then why won't that be a headwind, again, more broadly, either because of the dynamic you mentioned where it's not all or nothing or then be the dynamic that you mentioned where you're not in risk core in every state. Just trying to understand the MLR implications or redeterminations a little better?
Andrew Asher: Yes. I don't know that anyone would characterize or try to minimize losing $7 billion to $7.5 billion of revenue in the associated margin. So that's clearly a headwind. What I pointed out a number of times is that as we exit the fact that if you look at our growth since the first time we actually gave a preview of 2022 revenue, we've grown well beyond that $7 billion to $7.5 billion.  So when we exit, we'll actually be a bigger company than we originally expected, even though sequentially at some point, we're going to be giving back $7 billion to $7.5 billion of run rate revenue. As to the risk pool underneath that, we spent some time at Investor Day going through a bunch of the analysis because I agree with the hypothesis, but as we look at the data, we looked at the 0 utilizers.  And I mean the Medicaid expansion population was actually down from a base period of 2018 and 2019. That was pleasantly surprising. TANF was up a little but there was really nothing alarming, and we jumped to the, okay, let's look at the 0 to 25% HBR population.  And that was up slightly to your point, but not alarming, especially in the context of being in payback in some states. So yes, being in the payback position is not a panacea, but it's one of many factors you look at when you assess all right, what could the impact be on this population? And that's sort of -- as we sit here today before we have any data, that's our best assessment.
Sarah London: What I would just add, I think to Drew's point, it doesn't change all the work that we are doing to prepare the redetermination process, and that includes bringing forward that data in conversations with state partners because I think as we said at Investor Day, we believe that it's manageable, but that still creates the mandate for us to manage it in partnership with the states and supported by data.
Kevin Fischbeck: Maybe just a follow-up on that point, though, I guess, a little more time. The fact that the risk hasn't gotten worse, I guess, redeterminations are suspended, then helping people and sick people stay on the roles. In theory when redeterminations get reimplemented, the healthy people will drop off because they know how to qualify because they got jobs or they don't qualify for the other classifications.  But the sick people stay on. So I guess, why is that the risk pool hasn't changed a whole lot necessarily mean that it won't change a whole lot, respectively.
Andrew Asher: Well, I mean, you're talking a theory, and I'm looking at data. So I mean, we're not going to declare that there won't be any difference whatsoever between the pools of stayers and levers. But when we look at the utilizers. We look at sort of the minimal utilizers, it's that it's not that concerning.  And the other mitigating factor is that 88% of our membership is in states that we believe not based upon some Kaiser study, but we believe based upon our boots on the ground and the local presence that Sarah talked about that those states will take 10 or more months to redetermine and therefore, that's why we've got sort of this amped-up rate process in place where we're working with the states sort of forewarning them and then are going to be prepared if there is a differential in the risk pool that we need to get compensated for that.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Lance Wilkes of Bernstein.
Lance Wilkes: Yes. Can you talk a little bit about 2023 and 2024 Medicaid pricing, how are the states looking at inflation and I guess in discussions you're having with the states, if you could also talk a little about, in addition to redetermination, what sort of recession planning are the states starting to engage in?
Andrew Asher: Yes. On the pricing side, we're constantly sharing data with our state partners. I mean we're still in '22, and we still need to get some finality on rates in the back half of the year. So sort of not -- don't yet have visibility on what our forecast will be for 2023 rates will we usually give out that number at the December Investor Day.  But the discussions are constructive. The states are thirsting for data. That's one of the keys of being able to sort of influence and convince your state partners of what's necessary. Not a lot of movement yet on inflation. I mean we're not seeing a lot yet but we're vigilant there. And once again, forewarning our state partners that to the extent we see those pressures, that's going to have to be reflected in the rates.
Brent Layton: Budgets right now are stable. And I would say it's as stable as we've seen for many, many years. And the states are focused on PHE when it ends, and ultimately, states actually want their citizens to have access to health care and health insurance.  And most of our time is working with the states and help planning for whenever the PHE ends and all the paths so that their citizens can have health coverage, whether it's commercial or the exchange or Medicaid or wherever they qualify. So the recession planning, I would say, is not there yet, but where the planning is, is around the PHE and making sure people have coverage.
Lance Wilkes: And just a quick follow-up on that. For the recession, and this might be more of a policy question for you, but would a recession require something different than the existing FMAP increases in the current COVID bill and tied to the PHE or is that really kind of equivalent to what one might normally see during a recession?
Brent Layton: A state at the point as far as getting a federal match in the time of a recession, which would be different than the public health emergency would be whatever their normal state match is between the state and the federal government.
Operator: And our next question comes from Scott Fidel from Stephens.
Scott Fidel: Obviously, there's going to be a few different moving pieces to modeling revenue impact from the divestiture. So I thought it may be helpful if you can maybe just walk us through the incremental annualized revenue when we think about incremental from Panther, then the sale of MagellanRx and the sale of the European assets that you talked about yesterday really trying to figure out sort of what's now reflected in the updated revenue guidance versus how we should think about modeling the impact of divestitures when we think about annualized out to 2023.
Andrew Asher: Yes. So we reduced our premium and service revenue by $1 billion for the back half of the year. Panther was a little over $2 billion, although it's growing quickly. And the Central and Spain assets were about $700 million in annualized revenue. And we don't expect to close Magellan Rx until late this year, really, I guess, late this year is our best estimate. So it wouldn't impact 2022.
Scott Fidel: Okay. And still related.
Andrew Asher: I was just going to add, and when we announced that in conjunction with Panther, think of it as neutral to slightly accretive, the combination of those 2 assets, so minimal, if any, impact on earnings.
Scott Fidel: Got it. And just a related follow-up. I think as Sarah had mentioned in the prepared comments that you're still pretty actively reviewing the portfolio and looking at other potential divestitures or sort of opportunities for value creation.  I know that you've now announced a number of the sort of signature assets that you had identified initially to us as sort of potentially non-core. Just interested, maybe if you can just give us an update on sort of what else maybe we'd be thinking about where you're focused on now where there may still be some continued divestitures?
Sarah London: Yes. Thanks for the question. We're obviously pleased with the progress to date. We got a lot done in the second quarter, but we still have the broader portfolio of non-health plan assets, and we're sort of methodically working through those so if you think about the assets that historically have sat within health care enterprises, and some of our other non-health plan businesses, all of those are going through a consistent process.  And we're looking to prioritize that work where we're going to have the greatest impact. So there is still a lot of work going on, and you should expect to hear additional announcements about that. But again, and I've hit this a couple of times. The answer in all cases, not necessarily divestiture.  In some cases, these are very strategic assets that can be positioned to actually strengthen the core. And so that's part and parcel of the conversation, too, particularly as we think about positioning the company for growth in 2025 and beyond.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Nathan Rich at Goldman Sachs.
Nathan Rich: Drew, you had talked about taking price actions in the marketplace business for '23 as you work back toward target margins in that segment. I think across the market, it looks like average premiums will be up in the neighborhood of 10%.  I guess like when you think about your business and enrollment for next year, how are you expecting the consumer to react to type of price increases, I guess, in the current environment? And do you have any kind of preliminary view on what you think enrollment in that business could look like?
Andrew Asher: Yes. There's a number of moving parts still. We have to see how the enhanced APTCs end up before the August recess because that's a pretty decent size swing factor. We also have to see the timing of the commencement of redeterminations because that's another swing factor.  And then to the extent that the family glitch if that gets improved, so that it's sort of better applicability to marketplace. So too many things moving around at this point. And we're still waiting on Congress on the enhanced APTCs, so can't really predict whether it'll be up a little, down a little or flat.  The pricing, we made a pretty big pricing move coming into 2022. It wasn't quite as high as you referenced in the aggregate on a composite basis. So maybe that's a good thing that we didn't have to increase our rates 10% on a composite basis, and we still are achieving meaningful margin expansion this year.  And next year, not as big of a move in terms of margin expansion because we need to pierce into that 5% to 7.5%, whereas we were jumping off a pretty -- quite frankly, pretty lousy performance in 2021 in marketplace financially.
Brent Layton: Marketplace, we do not see as kind of a generic national approach. We view it very much local like Medicaid. It's a market to market. And we had mentioned earlier that of our 29 states for [indiscernible] to be 30 with Delaware, 25 of those states we actually have an overlap of exchange. And so the relationship between provider and potential future insured or insured distribution and knowing the markets I think will play well for us and it actually played out quite well in 2022.
Nathan Rich: Great. Can I just ask a quick follow-up on just cadence of earnings for the back half of the year. Drew, you highlighted the outperformance in the first half. I think you had previously expected 40% earnings in the back half. It seems like that's gone down a little bit.  Can you maybe just talk about like the big drivers for the back half of the year. Obviously, the Panther divestiture, but it sounds like some real estate savings would come through. So any other major moving pieces we should be thinking about?
Andrew Asher: Yes, right, right. At Investor Day, I was pretty explicit that the first half, we expected 64%. I guess that's now 63% now that we printed because we lifted the full year by $0.05 and that $0.05 to your point, it's actually a dime of benefit early benefit on the real estate run rate, minus $0.05 of investment Delaware is one example, but there's other ROI-based investments we're making in the value creation plan that we intend to make in the back half of the year.  So that's why we increased guidance to net nickel. But otherwise, it's the normal progression, HBRs in like the commercial business and marketplace, those sort of rise throughout the year. And it's sort of a normal cadence thereafter.
Operator: And our next question comes from George Hill with Deutsche Bank.
George Hill: Yes is another follow-up on the redetermination process. And I guess I don't know if it will be national or if it's state by state. I guess, could you talk about like the cadence for expectations for redeterminations once the PHE ends?  Do you expect a lot of these lives to just kind of be dropped at once and then go through the paperwork process -- or will you guys -- or will these lives effectively stay on the Medicaid roles and then you'll go through the process of determining eligibility. I'm trying to think about the slope as I think about modeling redeterminations.
Sarah London: It's definitely a state-by-state process. So Brent, maybe you want to talk about what we're seeing operationally.
Brent Layton: And well said, it is definitely state by state. And at the end of the day, all states are waiting to see when the PHE ends, and they're planning from that standpoint. Some states will take many months and that and some will be much faster. And it really depends both on how the state ultimately sees health care coverage and how they want to proceed in their state.  But nonetheless, every state are having working groups and meetings and approaches through communication, through education and really trying to help everybody understand the options they have from that standpoint.
Sarah London: One thing I would add that we're tracking pretty closely are the ex parte numbers that each state is accumulating, which are those members that would be automatically either dropped or renewed at very different levels of maturity relative to the volume of members that could go through an automated process, but it's actually a helpful proxy for us to understand what would happen in early months versus, as Brent said, the states that are going to take a more measured approach in order not to create member abrasion and also reflective of the fact that the states have staffing issues and want to make sure that they have enough support for the process overall.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Michael Ha of Morgan Stanley.
Michael Ha: Firstly, just a quick clarification, following up on A.J.'s question. how much exactly did the favorable 2021 risk adjustment benefit your exchange [indiscernible] quarter?
Andrew Asher: It's obviously a big contributor. We expect that every Q2 so the swing was pretty dramatic because if you'll recall, we actually had a -- we missed our expectation in marketplace in Q2 of 2021. So it's an anticipated driver because that's the quarter in which you get first [indiscernible] data and then the final CMS data. So -- but we outperformed that as evidenced by the 1,250 basis point year-over-year improvement.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Calvin Sternick with JPMorgan.
Calvin Sternick: I wanted to circle back to the Medicare HBR comments you made, specifically on I guess how much of the PDP performance -- outperformance there is intentional in the way the business versus how much is coming in maybe a little bit better than expected? And then how are you thinking about the sustainability of those PDP margins in 2023?
Andrew Asher: Most of the year-over-year improvement was planned for in the bids. And plus each year as the yield drops because of the shifting of the responsibility and sort of the benchmarking that's unique in PDP. I mean it's a very low-yielding product. So the HBR has to be low because you have a certain amount of admin to reflected.  I think the yield is sort of in the $35 to $45 PMPM range depending on the product. And then there's a little bit, to your point, there's a little bit of outperformance on top of that, but most of that was planned.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Gary Taylor at Cowen.
Gary Taylor: I appreciate the way you keep front riding the MA stores. So everybody is on the same page with respect to that. I had a couple smaller knits, I might see if you can force a little bit.  The first would just be on days claims payable, you talked about a couple of factors that temporarily pushed that up this quarter. Did those reverse right back out next quarter, just so we should be anticipating a couple of days, at least sequentially on DCP.  And then the second one would be investment income. So to hit your guide -- is that going to be running $150 million a quarter in the back half, just so we're anticipating higher investment income contribution to earnings in the back half?
Andrew Asher: So yes, on investment income with $400 million. I think we were $94 million or so year-to-date first half. That includes we sort of wrote down the fuel investments, we cleaned up some things that hit other income and investment income in the first half of the year. And we had some equity investments that obviously took a hit with the equity markets.  But yes, we expect around $400 million for full year. So I don't know if it will exactly be $150 million a quarter because there's a ramping up of the Fed rates, obviously, embedded in that. But you're correct there. And your first question DCP. Yes, the state-directed payments element, I would expect that. That's literally we're getting cash from our state, and we've got to push it out to hospitals.  That typically happens the next quarter. It may take a couple of quarters depending on sort of the detail around that, but that's pretty much in and out. Pharmacy invoices are tough to predict. I mean we don't manage to a DCP. It's actually an output. It's interesting. I'm always looking to see where it came out when we closed the books.  But often, there are balance sheet elements that impact that, that are just timing, things have stretched over the quarter. But fundamentally, I do believe in strength of reserves and that is a measure, an imperfect one, but it is a measure of the strength of reserves.
Operator: And our next question comes from Benjamin Flox at Jefferies.
Benjamin Flox: I apologize if this was asked already, but I wanted to follow up on Star scores for plan year 2024 revenues. Our understanding is the industry as a whole is going to face some headwinds as some COVID era factors run off. So was the point in the prepared remarks that you kind of expect to underperform that industry headwind?  And then can you just give us a bit more color on the key pressures you're expecting?
Andrew Asher: The answer is yes. And if you go back to first time we started talking about this Q3 of 2021, you're absolutely right. There's an industry factor and we benefited from that probably, I'm thinking an outsized amount relative to peers. But for the plan year 2022, so the 2023 revenue were just over 50%. As an example, we're just over 50% of our membership in Forestar that would be less than half of that, absent the disaster relief provision.  But on top of that, as we started to see operational execution and indicators from sort of the end of 2020 and then into the first half of 2021 and then look at results throughout 2021 and now some of that's into 2022 in terms of that rating year '23, you're talking about, we believe we're going to underperform.  And what we're driving now is what we can control, this management team can control, which is execution in 2022 and beyond, which will drive rating year 2024 STAR scores that result in 2025 revenue and those are the Star scores you'll get publicly in the fall of '23, hopefully attract me there.
Sarah London: Yes. Maybe just to quickly at Wave top sort of rehash the history lesson that we went through at Investor Day on the why. And again, the time period that Drew is pointing to is really that back half of '20 and early part of 2021. And those 21 days of service are what impacted revenue anticipated from Starz in 2024. And so early 2020, we brought Centene and WellCare together a couple of things happen, right?  We tripled the Medicare book overnight. We brought 2 different parts together that we're operating in fundamentally different models. One was centralized at WellCare and one was decentralized very hard to run an enterprise quality program at our level of size and scale in a decentralized model.  And then we send everybody home for COVID. And so what we saw was the degradation of operations and performance in the back half of '20 and first half of '21, which again will impact '24 caught that in the middle of '21 and added new leadership to the quality program in the back half of last year, tuck them under the value creation office in order for that to be sort of unified prioritized initiative.  And then this management team, which is different from the past has committed to quality performance is a priority for the whole company, and we've baked it into our short-term incentive for every single employee. And so all of the work that Jim Murray talked about at Investor Day in terms of how we're watching operational performance for 2022 dates of service.  The executive team watches those on a weekly basis because that is what is telling us that we can be looking for a meaningful rebound in revenue year 2025.
Andrew Asher: Let me add one more thing on that. This is a long answer to a short question, but we are still committed to driving and pulling levers to achieve our multiyear plan. So while this is going to be a headwind for in isolated 2024 year, and it will turn around will be a nice tailwind for 2025 based upon our execution.  Our compensation is still tied to the targets we laid out, as you saw in the proxy, and this organization is going to drive towards executing on the multiyear game plan that we laid out for you.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Jennifer Gilligan give for any closing remarks.
Jennifer Gilligan: We want to thank everyone for joining us this morning. And if there are any follow-up calls, please feel free to reach out. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you, ma'am. This concludes today's conference call. We thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-26 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Centene Corporation First Quarter 2022 Earnings Results Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note, today's event is being recorded.  I would now like to turn the conference over to Jennifer Gilligan. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Jennifer Gilligan: Thank you, Rocco, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on our First Quarter 2022 Earnings Results Conference call. Sarah London, Chief Executive Officer; Brent Layton, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Drew Asher, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Centene, will host this morning's call, which also can be accessed through our website at centene.com. Any remarks that Centene may make about future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for the purpose of the safe harbor provision under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in Centene's most recent Form 10-K filed on February 22, and other public SEC filings. Centene anticipates that subsequent events and developments may cause its estimates to change. While the company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. The call will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of these measures with the most directly comparable GAAP measures, can be found in our first quarter 2022 press release, which is available on the company's website under the Investors section.  Additionally, please mark your calendars for our upcoming Investor Day scheduled for June 17. This meeting will be hosted in a virtual format available via webcast.  With that, I would like to turn the call over to our CEO, Sarah London. Sarah?
Sarah London: Thank you, Jen. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us as we review our first quarter 2022 results. I want to begin by acknowledging the passing of a great man, Michael Neidorff, whose leadership and passion built Centene into the purpose-driven market leader that it is today. Michael infused our entire organization with the belief that high-quality affordable health care should be within reach of every American, especially our nation's most vulnerable.  On behalf of the entire Centene team, I want to send our thoughts and prayers to Michael's family. We will miss him dearly, but I can assure you that Michael's legacy lives on in the men and women of this company, and our commitment to his vision has never been stronger. On our call today, I'll begin with an update regarding the company's leadership structure, touch on first quarter highlights and then provide you an update on strategy and our value creation initiatives. Brent will speak to our performance in our core business lines. And finally, Drew will review our financial results and full year 2022 outlook in more detail. First, the company's core leadership structure. We are updating this morning the construct of the office of the CEO. This group of individuals represents the most experienced, strategic and senior leaders of the organization who will assist me in setting policy and driving forward Centene's enterprise agenda. The office of the CEO includes myself, Brent Layton, our President and Chief Operating Officer; Drew Asher, our Chief Financial Officer; Jim Murray, our Chief Transformation Officer, who will take on expanded responsibilities in addition to our value creation office; and Ken Fasola, who, in addition to leading Magellan, will assume oversight of our portfolio of strategic non-health plan assets. This construct with key support from our Chief Administrative Officer and General Counsel, formalizes the manner in which we've been operating for the last several months and represents the agenda setting nucleus of the organization as we enter the next stage of transformation and growth. Now let's discuss our first quarter results. Centene delivered a strong first quarter performance, including adjusted diluted EPS of $1.83 up 12% compared to the year ago quarter. We closed the quarter with 26.2 million members, up 8% compared to the year ago quarter, demonstrating the strength and value of our products in the market and the success of our enrollment periods. As a result, we are raising our full year 2022 outlook from our previously provided range. We now expect our full year 2022 adjusted EPS to be within a range of $5.40 to $5.55. Drew will provide more details on the quarter and outlook in a few moments. Now to strategy. Over the last few months, the opportunities to optimize and strengthen our business have become even clearer. We remain hyper focused on executing our value creation plan with many work streams well underway and clear milestones ahead. At the same time, we are refreshing our long-term strategy in order to pave the way for growth beyond our 2024 horizon. As we have said before, focusing on our core business and prioritizing value creation are not just short-term ideas. They are pillars of, and critical inputs to, a long-term strategic vision for the company. Let me give you an example. Over the last 9 months, you have heard us repeatedly talk about operating excellence as a focus of our value creation work. It includes streamlining platforms, standardizing processes, modernizing systems and using data everywhere to be as smart as possible about how we do our work. It means fewer calls, fewer clicks and faster answers. Will it create SG&A savings? Absolutely. Is that our measure of success? No. The real goal of operating excellence is to fundamentally improve the experience that members, providers, community and state partners have with Centene. Success, put simply, is making it easier to do business with us. For our members, we believe we can deliver more seamless and efficient ways to give the information, access and care they need when and where they need it most. Our goal is to increasingly empower our members and their caregivers as agents and advocates in the care journey. For our provider partners, we believe there is a significant opportunity to align more closely in value-based partnerships, and we are committed to delivering the data and tools that will help them drive better health outcomes. For our state partners, we believe in being excellent at the basics, but we also intend to leverage our uniquely local approach to deliver innovative solutions that are infused with an understanding of the communities we serve and designed to help them succeed.  The goal across all stakeholders is the same: to build lasting trusted relationships. This has been a differentiator for Centene from the beginning, and we intend to build on this strength as we grow and innovate. More to come on this during our June Investor Day. In the meantime, you should feel confident the work we do over the next 3 years will not only align with but naturally fuel our next phase of innovation and growth, and we are designing and executing with that end in mind.  Now turning to specific updates on the value creation work. We remain on track to achieve our previously stated goals. Jim Murray and his team are moving at a rapid but thoughtful pace to execute on these initiatives with tremendous support and partnership from both our corporate business leaders and our local team leaders. While we are excited about our progress, we also ask you to recognize that some of these initiatives are complex and will take years to fully complete. We are being deliberate using a step-by-step approach to ensure that standardization and operational enhancements are taking place in the right way across the organization. This means that as we enhance certain enterprise-wide best practices, we will also preserve the local feel and approach that has served as this company's hallmark for 2 decades. I'll give you a few examples of the progress the team has achieved in the quarter. First, we successfully hit our pharmacy platform migration milestones and are already engaged in strategic discussions with our potential PBM partners about how to drive additional quality and value in delivering pharmacy benefits to our members. Last week, slightly ahead of schedule, we released the RFP that will cover our more than $40 billion of pharmacy spend in 2022.  We have made meaningful progress this quarter in evaluating our existing portfolio of real estate assets, given our commitment to increased work from home and flexible work models. We are in the process of determining the necessary square footage to support our employees moving forward and anticipate a significant downsizing of our current leased space. We have also advanced our efforts to centralize key functions such as utilization management and call centers to enterprise shared services organizations. To that end, we performed a lift and shift of reporting responsibilities for both these functions earlier this month. For the remainder of the year, we will be focusing on standardizing best practices and optimizing these operating models. In addition to the savings opportunity, we believe these organizational shifts will create a better experience for our members and providers as well as our employees. Lastly and importantly, we've kicked off our efforts around large-scale IT platform consolidation. As you know, Centene has grown tremendously through acquisition over the last several years. And as we have mentioned before, the resulting technology footprint includes multiple core platforms and over 500 support applications. The conversion process will require a multiyear staged approach to derisk the effort, but the opportunity for increased efficiencies is significant. And while this will be hard work, consolidation is necessary to enable the stakeholder experience we intend to deliver. These are just a few examples of the nearly 15 work streams in the process of being activated. As I stated earlier, we are very pleased by our progress but recognize that we still have miles to go before we sleep. Before I wrap up, I would like to highlight a recent example of the work we are doing to improve health equity through data-driven innovation. In March, Centene was 1 of 3 organizations who received the Innovation Award by the National Committee for Quality Assurance, or NCQA, for our focus on health equity. The award recognizes Centene's data-driven health equity improvement model for being a leading-edge strategy for improving health equity and health care quality.  The effectiveness of our health equity improvement model represents success on many levels. By using a data-driven process, we are identifying opportunities to reduce health care disparities, designing initiatives across community member and provider levels and tracking our impact. These efforts can produce higher quality outcomes for our members and, in turn, improvement to important metrics such as HEDIS scores.  To highlight some examples, Centene's health equity model was able to improve rates of immunizations for Latino children with our Silversummit Health Plan in Nevada, colorectal cancer screening rates for American Indian and Alaska native members in our Arizona complete health plan and maternal health outcomes among African-American and Black members with our Health Net plan in California.  Health Net has also been chosen to participate in NCQA's Health Equity accreditation plus pilot program. Addressing Health Equity in new and innovative ways is very much aligned with our purpose and will be an important part of our work going forward. Further, applying big data to drive local outcomes will be a critical and sustaining differentiating strategy for the enterprise. In closing, I'm humbled by the opportunity to lead this exceptional team and company. We have significant runway ahead to deliver for our members, enhance our operations, achieve our financial commitments and create value for our shareholders.  With that, I will turn it over to Brent, who will provide an update on our core business lines. Brent?
Brent Layton: Thank you, Sarah. Good morning, everyone. Before I jump in, I'd like to build on Sarah's remarks. I had the pleasure of working with Michael Neidorff for 21 years. His impact on this company is undeniable, and I will continue to be thankful for the opportunity he gave me.  I'd also like to take a moment to recognize this is Sarah's first earnings call as our CEO. And Sarah, I couldn't be more pleased to continue to work with you in your new role. And I think I speak for the entire team here at Centene when I say we're excited about what the future holds for us as an organization under your leadership. Now back to the business today. I'm happy to talk about the performance of our core business lines during the first quarter. In the first quarter, we have seen HBR in line with expectations across each of our core products. Our Medicaid business remains strong with membership increasing to nearly 15.3 million members at the end of the first quarter and contract reprocurement wins in Louisiana and Indiana. As I'm sure you've all gotten -- got used to me saying, our Medicaid growth continues to be aided by the ongoing suspension of redeterminations.  As Drew will explain further, we anticipate the return of redeterminations in August. We continue to work with our state partners to better understand how we can support this transition and are confident in our ability to retain and attract membership to our exchange products into 25 states where we have both Medicaid and Marketplace. As states begin to transition back to redeterminations, I believe we will begin to see new opportunities for Medicaid managed care programs as we move past the pandemic, and states look to improve health outcomes and make Medicaid programs more efficient. In our exchange product, following a strong open enrollment, we ended the quarter at over 2 million members. We are pleased with both our member retention and our new member enrollments.  As I discussed at the fourth quarter call, we introduced 3 new product offerings for the exchange in 2022. These products designed to meet the evolving needs of our members, have performed in line with our expectations, served as both a tool for our member retention and attraction as a means to provide member engagement and manage utilization. While we're pleased with the performance of these products, our core and better product offerings remain the foundation of our exchange offerings. We continue to monitor the administration's adjustment to the exchange market, including efforts to close the family glitch, which could allow an additional 5 million people to use tax credits to purchase Marketplace plans. In Medicare, we ended the quarter following annual enrollment with more than 1.4 million members across 36 states. Overall, we are very pleased with our strong growth of Medicare, yielding 200,000 net new members and 16% membership growth year-over-year 2021. We've managed well through another COVID variant at the top of the year as well. As we continue into 2022 and beyond, we see significant opportunity in Medicare. Our focus continued to be margin enhancement through clinical initiatives, network expansion and value-based contracting. Overall, 2022 is off to a solid start across all 3 core products. With that, let me turn the call over to Drew.
Drew Asher: Thank you, Brent. This morning, we kicked off 2022 with first quarter results of $37.2 billion in revenue and adjusted diluted earnings per share of $1.83 in the quarter up 12% from $1.63 in Q1 2021. Let's start with revenue for the quarter. Total revenue grew by $7.2 billion compared to the first quarter of 2021 primarily due to strong organic growth throughout the last year in Medicaid and strong Medicare membership growth during the annual enrollment period. Total membership increased to 26.2 million, up 8% compared to a year ago. It's important to note a couple of revenue drivers that were unplanned in the quarter. First of all, you will see that our premium tax revenue was $3 billion in the quarter. That's about $1.5 billion more than we had estimated. This was largely due to 4 states providing lump sums for us to pass through to providers. And remember, this revenue item is interesting but not relevant since it's 100% pass-through. That's why we are constantly orienting you to the premium and service revenue, which drives important metrics like net income margin and SG&A percentage. Premium and Service revenue of $34.2 billion in the quarter was about $1 billion higher than our expectation with approximately half of it due to a Texas retroactive hospital pass-through that CMS recently restored. Because there's a small administrative provision on this retro item, it's included in premium revenue, not premium tax revenue. The remainder of Premium and Service revenue outperformance was strong continued Medicare and Medicaid growth. Our Q1 consolidated HBR was 87.3% consistent with our expectation, leaning slightly positive. Since you now have visibility and comparability into quarterly HBR components, let's talk about each. Medicaid at 88.9% was right on track in the quarter. Our Medicare HBR was slightly better than our expectation driven by a good quarter for our Medicare PDP business. The PDP business may only be $2 billion in annual revenue, but it's a great asset. That's the largest contributor to our over $40 billion of 2022 pharmacy spend, and it's a good captive audience for our Medicare Advantage business. All right, back to the Q1 HBR. Our commercial business improved 420 basis points year-over-year reflecting pricing discipline and making progress towards the annual goal we laid out at Investor Day. Moving to other P&L and balance sheet items. Our adjusted SG&A expense ratio was 7.7% in the quarter, consistent with our expectations compared to 7.6% last year. The inclusion of Magellan and Circle each increased the year-over-year ratio by approximately 20 and 15 basis points, respectively. We expect our value creation plan to drive SG&A lower over the next few years. Cash flow provided by operations was $1.2 billion in the first quarter primarily driven by net earnings. Our domestic unregulated and unrestricted cash on hand at quarter end was $68 million as expected after closing the Magellan transaction in early Q1. Our goal continues to be to build cash at parent beginning in the back half of 2022 for share buybacks and debt paydown. This corresponds with the timing of the majority of our health plan dividends. Debt at quarter end was relatively flat at $18.9 billion. Our debt-to-cap ratio was down slightly at 40.7%, excluding our nonrecourse debt. Our medical claims liability totaled $16.3 billion at quarter end up $2 billion and represents 53 days in claims payable compared to 52 in Q4 2021. As we begin 2022, we're building momentum both in our businesses and our value creation plan. And as you've heard me say many times, one quarter doesn't make the year. However, we do have a quarter of actuals under our belt, and we all know that the PHE has been pushed out to July, and therefore, redeterminations would start after that. So let's go through some changes we made in full year 2022 guidance metrics. Premium and Service revenue was up $2.5 billion, including the first quarter results, the Texas item we discussed earlier and an assumption that redeterminations commence August 1, 3 months later than our prior assumption. Since we continue to grow due to the pushback of the PHE end date, we also expect the ultimate run rate revenue reduction to be higher at around $6 billion, up from our previous estimate of $5 billion. That will largely impact 2023. Continuing on with 2022 guidance, premium tax revenue, once again, with no impact on bottom line, is up $1.5 billion for 2022. And our HBR and SG&A ranges are reconfirmed and unchanged. Overall, given the results in the quarter and pushing back the commencement of redeterminations, we are raising our adjusted EPS guidance range to $5.40 to $5.55 with a little over 60% in the first half of the year. As we look ahead, I'm pleased with the value creation work so far. And as Sarah said, this goes well beyond cost-cutting. Jim Murray and the team are making operational decisions and changes that are focused on long-term durability of operating excellence. You've heard this company talk for years about quality and STARS, and now better late than never, STARS is a tier 1 initiative of the value creation office with new investments being made in member engagement, value-based contracting, operational functions and clinical initiatives. Given the STAR calendar, it will take a couple of years for our investments to show up in STAR scores that come out in late 2023, which will drive 2025 revenue. In the meantime, as we said in multiple venues, the STAR scores that come out in late 2022 that drive 2024 revenue will show a meaningful drop due to the sunsetting of the COVID era disaster relief provisions and our immature operations during these past measurement periods. On other value creation initiatives, we look forward to giving you more details at the June Investor Day, but let me give you a teaser on one that Sarah mentioned. While we are still finalizing the details, we expect to reduce over half of our domestic leased real estate footprint. Though there will be a onetime cost to this, which we will frame for you in Q2, the run rate benefit will be a nice contributor to our value creation goals. More to come in June. In summary, the business is performing well while we are focused on, enthusiastic about and investing in the future. Thanks for your support. Operator, you may now open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Today's first question comes from Justin Lake at Wolfe Research.
Justin Lake: Sarah, congrats on the new role. I wanted to ask a couple of things. One, on the MLR. Drew, you're giving us MLR by segment, which is incredibly helpful. Can you tell us how those numbers kind of shake out versus your expectations? I know you expected the exchanges to get 500 basis points better. I think you talked about Medicaid being -- at least year-over-year, Medicaid, probably up more than 100 basis points year-over-year. So just kind of curious how those came out versus your expectations. And then secondly, on the Medicaid side, how are the discussions going with states on the rate setting process for next year? Do you still expect them to kind of let these MLR floors absorb whatever upside there might be? Or do you think the states are looking to come after the lower utilization potentially be at lower rates?
Drew Asher: Okay. Thanks, Justin. Yes. So ripping through the HBRs by our lines of business, Medicaid was right on track in the quarter. And we sort of expect that to tick up during the year and then the fourth quarter would come down a little bit. That's the progression throughout the year. You're right. On our commercial business, we expect about 500 basis points year-over-year improvement. We got 420 in the first quarter. That's right on track with our expectation. Last Q2 was pretty ugly for commercial. So you'll see a wider gap there or improvement there, and we expect that to continue on for the rest of the year. So we're right on track. Commercial and Medicare was a little bit better than expectation due to the PDP business not only in HBR, but I'm actually pleased with that business. We had to collapse 6 of our products down to 3. Remember, we acquired Aetna's business a few years ago. And after a few years, you have to get down to the 3 products, and we had great retention based on some programs that were implemented so not just an HBR benefit, but also really good retention performance on that business. And then the sunsetting of the risk corridors, that continues. We're still down to about half a dozen COVID era risk corridors, and therefore, the paybacks we're seeing have diminished quite a bit from last year, and those discussions continue to be constructive.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, our next question today comes from John Raskin of Nephron Research.
Joshua Raskin: So I just wanted to draw on Sarah's comments earlier about the provider network. And how are you thinking about sort of network development? And specifically curious about potential impacts from providers that are seeing pressure on labor cost inflation. And then maybe any specifics around the changes with respect to value-based care in 2023 and beyond.
Sarah London: Yes. Thanks. I can take that, and then we'll probably ask Brent to comment on it as well. So first, relative to inflation impacts, we haven't really seen anything so far this year. The fact that our rates are contracted creates a buffer on that but obviously aware of the potential future impact. And it's yet another reason why the move more aggressively to align with providers in value-based contracting is a major priority as we go forward. We've made really good progress on that and I think probably relative to peers are further along on the Medicaid side. But I'll let Brent talk about kind of where we are today and then how we're looking about at that going forward.
Brent Layton: We're spending a great deal of time working with providers on value base. And when I talk about value-based, I'm talking about risk both up and downside. And I would say that, in Medicare, we've continued a very strong effort. So we've always been very focused on value-based true risk in Medicare, and we're continuing that and accelerating that. Medicaid, though, is really discussions, as we moved into the pandemic and now coming out of the pandemic, have allowed us to really be a very high percentage for the Medicaid product. And I think you'll continue to see tremendous growth for risk within Medicaid. And right now, we're looking for the best approach within the exchange. So we're very focused and value-based and there's a tremendous amount of effort and very excited where, ultimately, our conversations, relationships with providers are going and where they're at today.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, our next question today comes from Scott Fidel with Stephens.
Scott Fidel: And first of all, I just wanted to send my condolences on Michael's passing to the Centene team. And then on the question, I was hoping maybe you can give us a little more insight just to some of the policy dynamics that are playing out here around the exchange market. And Brent, I know that you had touched on one of those with the administration looking to try to address the family glitch. We've also obviously got the temporary subsidies that were in place from the ARPA bill, and those may or may not expire. So just interested on how you're thinking about some of these policy sort of developments playing out and how much flexibility the administration will have to implement these just through executive actions or will there need to be a legislative vehicle to address some of these and if you see one of those actually emerging here at this point in time.
Sarah London: Yes. Scott, thanks for your comments and for the question. So I'll touch on the enhanced APTCs relative to marketplace, and then we can talk about the family glitch as well. So the enhanced APTCs are currently scheduled to expire at the end of this year. And if those are allowed to expire, we estimate that it would impact around 10% to 15% of our Marketplace membership. That said, there is broad democratic support for the program. And so as you pointed out, over the next couple of months, we're watching very closely to see if they can identify an actionable legislative vehicle. And so one example of that would be a slim down build back better. And the prevailing view is that the enhanced APTC is being extended out to 2025 as well as drug pricing reform would be the most likely health care candidates for inclusion in a bill like that. So watching that certainly very closely over the coming months here. But I would also say that we don't see it as a binary end point. There are other legislative and policy options that are available to mitigate the impact. So we're talking to our state and federal partners actively about those in parallel. And so as you would expect, overall, planning for both best and worst-case scenario and proactively working to support and shape policy that's not just good for Centene, but policy, we think, is good for the entire industry. I will turn it over to Kevin Counihan, who is on the phone, to talk a little bit more about the family glitch and how we see that as an opportunity for Ambetter product but also some of the hurdles that we would need to overcome in order to make that as actionable as possible.
Kevin Counihan: Thanks. We're very pleased with the administration's policy decision on the family glitch. As you folks probably know, we've been advocating for this for quite some time, and it's really a long overdue. So it's a very welcome change. As mentioned, there clearly are some issues related in the draft final rule that we're working very collaboratively with CMS in terms of addressing. So much of health care policy is about -- should be about simplicity and making things easier and simpler for individuals and families to access affordable coverage. We believe the spirit of the family glitch provision attempts to do that, but I also believe that there's opportunities for refinement. And as I said, we're working very aggressively with CMS and constructively to address those.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, our next question today comes from Matt Borsch of BMO Capital Markets.
Matt Borsch: I was hoping you could help us think about the headwinds from the drop -- expected drop in STAR revenues going into 2023 and how you may have anticipated and incorporated that into your bid for 2023. I know that's confidential, but maybe just some sense directionally you can give us on that.
Drew Asher: Yes, it's a really good question. Actually, it's a 2024 question. 2023, so the STAR scores that came out in October of 2021, they're called the rating year 2022 STAR scores, which is revenue '23. Those were in good shape, obviously, aided with a tailwind from the disaster relief provisions. So those sunset as we go into 2024. And some of the measures where, quite frankly, we just weren't operating at the level we need to operate back in the back half of 2020 for ops and admin measures and then 2021 dates of service, which fuel the rating year '23 STAR scores, which is revenue year '24. So we're enthusiastic about margin expansion opportunity for 2023, and that's sort of -- we're trying to balance that with a little bit of growth in Medicare Advantage for '23. And then we've got a hurdle for 2024. And our jobs as managers, not victims, is to execute and pull levers, and the value creation plan is designed just to do that.
Sarah London: Matt, I was just going to add a little bit more detail, and Drew touched on this in his comments, but sort of as we look forward, right, because it is a multiyear effort, our ability to focus on it and make it a tier 1 initiative right now is very important to making that sort of meaningful rebound. So we think we've talked about this before, but we hired a Chief Quality Officer in Q4 of last year. are making real investment in processes and systems with a focus on the member experience. But I would also highlight this is another great motivator for alignment in value-based contracts with providers because that's the best way to improve member experience, make sure we're closing those gaps in care.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Kevin Fischbeck at Bank of America.
Adam Ron: This is Adam Ron on for Kevin. It seems like you were largely able to improve your exchange margins and hit the enrollment targets that you outlined. So I'm wondering after the open enrollment experience that you had, if you noticed any increased price competition and if you would expect that to continue and how you think about growing off the space setting aside the expiration subsidies.
Drew Asher: Yes. So there's certainly competition. You've seen that increase in some markets exponentially in the last couple of years. I think some companies are figuring out that this -- at the core is an insurance business. And so you've actually got to get to an earnings standpoint to have a viable business. And I think that's going to help the market sort of balance out a little bit better as we look ahead. But you're absolutely right. We powered through that competition. We welcome competition. And Brent, maybe a couple of new products that helped us diversify our portfolio.
Brent Layton: Yes. I mean, we actually raised our premium. We increased it, but yet we were still able to grow and be successful in our markets from the standpoint. And some of that has to do with the new products that we developed. One of the products was more of a clinic focused in South Florida and in Texas and also more of a tailored network approach we use, and that helped us retain members. We've been also not only grew, we retained a great deal of our members year-over-year, which we're excited about. In fact, last year, we grew a great deal through the Biden -- and we've actually been able to retain 69% of those from '21 into '22. So retain growth and being able to very much bring new product that really helped us retain and keep our membership and actually grow even if we raise premiums.
Sarah London: And I've pointed this out before, but I'll do so again because I think it's an important bellwether that the work that the Marketplace team did to really understand the competitive dynamics on a county-by-county level and then to build that up to the portfolio performance that we were aiming for, I think, is not only tremendously impressive work, but is also a good indicator of how we think about going into the calibration of margin and growth in Medicare in the upcoming bid cycle.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Gary Taylor at Cowen.
Gary Taylor: I know Michael will be missed, so I'll share my condolences as well. Just a 2-part question. First, Drew, I appreciate the comment on the Medicaid HBR seasonality. The commercial HBR seasonality was so unusual last year. I just wondered if you could comment on expectations for that line of business specifically, if we'll see a more typical seasonality where it's far lower in the first quarter, first half and higher in the second half. Second part of the question was just we read so much noise about the California PBM implementation with Magellan having gone poorly initially. And just wondered if you could comment on what you're doing to mitigate that. And can you provide any comfort that it won't have impact on the August Medical award?
Brent Layton: Let me hit the mechanical question first. You're right. Last year, we sort of whipsawed quarter-to-quarter in our commercial performance. Now part of that is COVID variants coming at us. And so I'll say everything else equal, Gary, we expect a steady tick-up based upon the benefit plan designs in the commercial business, as you would expect throughout the year, so a steady rise to get to our goals.
Sarah London: Yes. And then on the Magellan front, I would say the team out there worked very, very closely with the state in those early days live and has been performing very, very well since mid- to late February. There are 0 backlog in authorizations and I think has built a really positive relationship with through that collaboration. Relative to the RFP, California is a very important state for us, and we have -- throughout the Magellan acquisition process throughout the Rx go-live and throughout our bid process have been very focused on making sure that we are aligned with the state and meeting their expectations and looking to exceed their expectations. So there were challenges out of the gate, but I think the team recovered incredibly well. you'd have to ask California, but at least the signals we're getting from them is that they're very happy with the collaboration and the partnership.
Brent Layton: I'll add one thing. Obviously, California is a very important state to Centene, but we are very fortunate to have many years of experience in California, and we're honored to be in California. And we have a lot of preparation for this RFP. We've been preparing for a very long time, and we strive every day to be the best health plan in California. And that is our goal, and that's what we want to attain and will be.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Nathan Rich at Goldman Sachs.
Nathan Rich: Sarah, I wanted to follow up on some of your comments on the value creation plan to start. You mentioned putting the pharmacy RFP out. I guess could you maybe at a high level talk about the key elements of that RFP and what you're looking for in a partner and kind of where you see the biggest opportunities for cost improvement in your pharmacy book? And then maybe a bit longer term, but you talked about refreshing the long-term strategy to drive growth. I know you'll get into more detail in June, but could you maybe just talk about some of the key areas that you're looking at when you look at the business in terms of where you see the opportunity?
Sarah London: Sure. Thanks for the question. So I'll hit on the PBM front and invite Drew to weigh in as well because we've been having these conversations with potential partners together. We're -- we issued the RFP early. We're still on track for the year-end award, but part of the logic of getting the RFP out there earlier was to allow for the more strategic conversation about what the scope would be with that partner. The key criteria are obviously going to be quality and performance. Transparency is incredibly important and then also feeling that like we have a very close partner. And so economics are incredibly important, probably first, second and third, but then also making sure that as we deliver a member and provider experience, that we have a very responsive partner that is as focused on quality as we are. I don't know, Drew, if you want to add anything.
Drew Asher: I think you hit on the key word, which is partner. I don't want to have to arm wrestle every other month on issues and really want someone in tandem thinking about how we can deliver the most value to our state and federal customers and our members. So pretty pleased with the level of engagement so far.
Sarah London: And then on the strategy front, obviously, we'll get more into this in June and I think more over the back half of the year. But you've heard us lay out some of the principles. And so making sure that we are growing from the strength of the core business lines and looking at obvious adjacencies and then making sure that we are operating at a high level of excellence on an ongoing basis because we believe that will build the trusted relationships and, through that local approach, can give us a differentiated strategy for growth. So more to come in June on that.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, our next question comes from A.J. Rice at Credit Suisse.
A.J. Rice: Just wanted to follow up. First, a clarification on comments Sarah made about the Medicare bid strategy. I think previously, you guys have said that your focus in '23 will be on pricing for margin. I wonder if you would still say that, that would be the case. And then a more broad question, you referenced in the release that Medicaid utilization seems to be returning to somewhat normalcy. I wonder where are you at relative to a pre-pandemic level or baseline level on Medicaid at this point. Do you think you're fully sort of where you would be? Or is there still some utilization that has not come back? And if you want to make any comments on Medicare and the Marketplace as well on that, that would be great.
Sarah London: Sure. Thanks, A.J. I will just clarify relative to Medicare, the focus is absolutely on margins, still preserving slight growth but really starting to turn the dial on margin expansion. And it's -- as Drew has said before, it's a multiyear journey, but it starts in 2023. Drew, do you want to talk about utilization?
Drew Asher: Yes, sure. Yes, we're pretty close back to sort of the pre-pandemic levels on Medicaid. Let me give you a couple of examples. Like pediatric physicals and preventative, that snapped back pretty quickly, which is a good thing in 2020. But the adult visits are still lagging a little bit, and then ER has come back for all business lines, except for non-emergent in ER visits in Medicaid. So there's a couple of pockets where there's still a little bit of slight suppression, but we're largely back to pre-pandemic levels as we look at utilization metrics.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Michael Ha with Morgan Stanley.
Michael Ha: And my condolences as well to Michael and the Centene team. So my question -- a 2-part question on Medicaid pipeline. First, with the number of upcoming RFPs, I was wondering if you could highlight which near-term opportunities are top of mind of Centene. To us, it looks like they're mainly reprocurements, but are there any specific upcoming greenfield opportunities you've your eye on? And then second part question for Sarah. And first, congrats on the appointment. I know Michael has been speaking about Centene as more than just a health plan for [indiscernible] with your extensive background in health care tech really looking forward to you ushering the company forward. But yes, looking at Medicaid specifically continuity of ops. Could you talk about how you can help continue the companys RFP run rate that has been around 80% for the better part of the past decade?
Sarah London: So the best person to answer that question and the answer to your second question is Brent.
A Brent Layton: Theres no doubt the Medicaid RFP pipeline is reopening. Its much more like a 2017, 18 and 19. Clearly, the pandemic slowed down reprocurements in 20 and 21. And with that, were seeing both, yes, reprocurements and we have prepared for these, we try to run the very best health plans each and every day and respond to win these RFPs. But we also see a lot of new opportunities. We see new opportunities in states that have managed care for Medicaid that were not in. And yes, were beginning many, many discussions with states talking about enhancing their Medicaid program. So I think youll see a great deal of RFPs where it gives us new opportunity to grow and new opportunity really to have a positive impact. Were actually very excited about it, seeing that really normal course is reappearing.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, our next question today comes from George Hill with Deutsche Bank.
George Hill: Yes. Just a quick follow-up on the PBM RFP. Can you talk about how broad the PBM RFP is going? And like why is it going to what I would call the usual suspects? And maybe can you talk about how you think about an early renewal for '23, given that you've got a pretty good partner at CVS and they've got the ability to pull some of the cost savings forward.
Brent Layton: Yes. We need a partner that can handle the size and scale of $40 billion of spend and the complexity of a multiline business. So that does limit the field to some degree, but there's still adequate competition out there. And I mean each of the parties has their own unique opportunities to impress us.
Sarah London: And I would just reiterate relative to the timing that, again, we released RFP early in order to give time for those fulsome conversations, but we're still on track for year-end award. And as Drew has said and we have said multiple times that there's nothing like a good old-fashioned RFP to make sure that we're getting the best economics.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Steven Valiquette with Barclays.
Steven Valiquette: Great. Let me also offer my condolences to everyone who is close to Michael. Just a quick question here. In relation to your comment that you now expect the $6 billion revenue loss from the redeterminations from the $5 billion previously. Was there any change to your internal projection on where you think you'll end the 2023 in relation to the Medicaid membership numbers? Or is that $1 billion additional revenue falloff just purely related to the extra revenue that you'll book for the additional months in '22 that would still fall off in '23? I just want to understand the mechanics around that. But more importantly, just where you think your membership numbers will end '23. Any change there or not?
Brent Layton: Yes. Let me answer it this way. We've grown -- if you go back to March of 2020, the inception, the onset of the pandemic, we've grown 2.8 million members since then in Medicaid, excluding adds like North Carolina or Missouri expansion business, which was sort of an organic win. So we expect a little over half of those members to attrit through the redetermination process, granted, it's an estimate. But it's a very -- it's a very complex estimate that we've assessed over picking slope lines based upon direct conversations with the state. And Brent and Dave Thomas' team have done a really good job engaging with states and actually preparing for the [Catchersmed] opportunity in marketplace. But sticking with your question in Medicaid, so we expect a little over half of that 2.8 million members, which gets you to the $6 billion of revenue to attrit largely by the end of '23. I guess some of it could go into '24, depending on the states that really want to stretch out redeterminations, but I'd say largely by the end of 2023.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Calvin Sternick with JP Morgan.
Calvin Sternick: Yes. A couple of related questions here on the redeterminations and the exchanges. I guess, first, with so many members coming to market, either late this year or even into the first half of next year, do you anticipate any meaningful uptick in marketing spend to try to capture these members and just sort of how you think that would compare to historical spending levels? And then second, can you just remind us what programs or initiatives you have in place to try to capture Medicaid members as their income moves up and down to sort of retain the Centene products?
Drew Asher: Like I mentioned in my last response, the team has really put a lot of thought into making sure we've got the processes in place to be able to, in some cases, market to, in some cases work directly with the state in terms of making those redetermined members aware of the opportunity to move in the Marketplace. And I think, Brent, you probably got some insights into how that process has gone with the assistance from the CMS letter that was put out in early March.
Brent Layton: So the 29 states where we have Medicaid health plans, we have the exchange or our Ambetter product in 25 of them. So we're able to overlap the counties and in a lot of ways, overlap the provider network, first and foremost. Second, we spent a great deal of time with the states. And absolutely both at the federal level and the state level absolutely want people to have coverage. And both government entities are working very closely with us. In regards to the states, it's about communication. How can we actually communicate with our members in what way through texting and so forth to let them know what their options and opportunities are to work with them. and the exact same on the federal level from that standpoint? In regards to your question about marketing spend and so forth, another component is exactly when does the PHE in, number one. And number two, every state will work at a different time. Some will want to move fast, some not so fast, and that will impact it. But no matter what it is, we will absolutely focus on distribution. We've gotten very good distribution for the exchange, and we'll continue to do that.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Benjamin Flox with Jefferies.
Benjamin Flox: Just wanted to follow up on redeterminations, specifically on the impact of the Medicaid risk pool. We've took some state program leaders indicate they're going to make an effort to keep the 6 members on the roles as long as possible, which seems like it could front-end load some of the margin risk. Can you just provide an update on your thinking about managing through redetermination if and when those 2 begin?
Brent Layton: Yes. I think the longer the Medicaid members are on the roles, sort of the better for the member, obviously, and the more stable sort of the overall aggregate population. But look, it's our job to get out in front of our state customers with data. We've already started doing that. We've had conversations with CMS to prepare for any necessary moves in rates. Right now, we're focused on the sunsetting of the risk corridors. And as soon as we get some additional data as redeterminations start presumably in August, but I guess we'll see if that sticks, then to ensure that rates are actuarial sound, and that's sort of what we do for a living around here regardless of what changes there are in Medicaid programs. Also, you'll note that we've lifted the HBR this year in Medicaid into the 89s. And so it's our job to sort of keep it there regardless of what's thrown at us.
Sarah London: And I would just touch back on Brent's comments as well that the benefit of being so conversant with our states and helping them to even think about what the right strategy is going into redeterminations and what the impacts might be is that we have line of sight to how each one of the states is thinking, and some of that thinking is shifting.  So we have states that started off thinking that they could through the roles in 3 months and I think then better digested the fact that it was probably if coverage continuity and voter abrasion was important that, that's more like a 12-month plan, but we're seeing states everywhere from 5 months, which I think is probably the most aggressive all the way to 17 months. And again, just the fact that we're in those conversations gives us line of sight to plan and then, as Drew said, also be able to bring forward data that make sure that the rates are actuarially sound based on the impact we think we'll incur.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to the management team for any final remarks.
Sarah London: Thanks, Rocco, and thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. Please feel free to reach out to Investor Relations with any follow-up calls, and we'll talk to you soon.
Operator: Thank you, ma'am. This concludes today's conference call. We thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-09 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Centene Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, today's event is being recorded.  I would now like to turn the conference over to Jennifer Gilligan, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Jennifer Gilligan: Thank you, Rocco, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on our Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Results Conference Call. Michael Neidorff, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Sarah London, Vice Chairman; Brent Layton, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Drew Asher, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Centene, will host this morning's call, which also can be accessed through our website at centene.com. Any remarks that Centene may make about future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for the purpose of the safe harbor provision under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by those forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in Centene's most recent Form 10-Q filed on October 26, 2021, and other public SEC filings, including the risks and uncertainties described with respect to the potential impacts of COVID-19 on our business and results of operations. Centene anticipates that subsequent events and developments may cause its estimates to change. While the company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. The call will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of these measures with the most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our fourth quarter 2021 press release, which is available on the company's website under the Investors section. With that, I would like to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Michael Neidorff. Michael?
Michael Neidorff: Can you hear me now?
Operator: Yes, sir.
Michael Neidorff: Can you hear me now?
Operator: Loud and clear, sir.
Michael Neidorff: Okay. I'll start over. Good morning, and welcome to our Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. I'm joined today by Sarah London, Brent Layton and Drew Asher. We had a strong ending through 2021. Our portfolio is performing well as we executed across our 3 major product lines during the fourth quarter, building on our strong foundation and extending our market-leading position in government-sponsored health care. Our membership grew 4% to 26.6 million individuals, driven by increases in Medicaid, strong growth in Medicare and good performance in our Marketplace business. We also welcome the Magellan team to Centene earlier last month, with the acquisition successfully closing exactly 1 year after we announced the transaction. We are pleased to welcome the Magellan team led by Ken Fasola and Jim Murray. There is a dire need for mental health care in this country. 2 years into it, this pandemic and the acquisition of Magellan will allow us to expand our reach to provide increased access to behavioral health. In addition, Magellan will give us the capabilities to innovate and reimagine behavioral health, significantly enhancing our ability to provide integrated physical and mental health care to all our members. Also, in January, we welcomed 5 new Board members to our Board as part of our Board reflection process, who bring significant industry and various leadership experience. Bob Ditmore, John Roberts and Tommy Thompson have retired from the Board. And I want to thank them for their many years of service and contributions to Centene. As I look back on the onset of the pandemic, I am pleased with how we navigated the uncertainty, served our members and we grow -- and grew the business as a diversified health care enterprise. Just this year, we have added $14 billion. We have accelerated our plans for our value creation and have a clear pathway ahead to expand our margins and deliver strong multiyear earnings growth. We have the right team and the right strategy with significant opportunities ahead. Finally, I want to thank all our employees who continue to step up and serve our members during the surge of the Omicron. I couldn't be prouder of a good role that we have played in ensuring that our -- stay strong and healthy with the highest quality care, particularly during the pandemic. And you'll probably hear, I have a little frog in my throat, so I'm going to turn this over to Sarah London, who will help manage us through the question-and-answer period and I'll participate as I want to. Sarah?
Sarah London: Great. Thank you, Michael, and good morning, everyone. As Michael noted, we delivered a strong fourth quarter performance creating positive momentum as we start the new year and successfully executed on key operational objectives, including the introduction of new Marketplace products for the 2022 open enrollment period, repositioning that business for success in a constantly evolving landscape, the delivery of another strong annual enrollment period in Medicare Advantage, as the value we provide for beneficiaries continues to resonate in the market and continued progress on our value creation plan, including refining margin expansion opportunities and advancing the execution of our highest priority initiatives. On today's call, Brent will comment on our core businesses, including how we are carrying our Q4 momentum forward into 2022. Then Drew will provide details on our fourth quarter performance and financial outlook. Before I turn it over to them, let me provide a brief update on the value creation progress. From a structural perspective, we have added important talent and leadership to our value creation office. As we announced in early January, Jim Murray, who served as Magellan's President and COO, has transitioned to take on the new role of Chief Transformation Officer, leading the day-to-day management of the VCO. Jim brings experience in operating discipline and a track record for successful execution, adding another important layer of accountability to our value creation program. We are thrilled to have him on board. Now to the details. As we mentioned at our December Investor Day, 2022 is largely a year of foundational execution, and we plan to provide guideposts on our operational progress, incremental though some may seem, as a way of bringing you on the journey with us and offering a view into the work underway. And while we are only 1 month into Q1, we have already made progress on some of those key guideposts. First, our pharmacy platform consolidation project. As a reminder, the strategy here is to outsource administrative PBM functions to an external partner, thereby allowing us to reduce our 3 PBM platforms down to 1 and to focus that technology on the clinical, member and provider engagement capabilities that are most important to differentiating the overall member experience. This will drive SG&A savings across the technology footprint and allow for more efficient investment in process automation. Coming into 2022, we had 8 remaining state-specific programs that had not yet been consolidated on our external PBM platform. We successfully migrated 3 of these on January 1 and another on February 1 as planned. We are targeting the fourth migration for March 1 and the remaining 3 are scheduled for later in Q2. Overall, we are on track to be fully consolidated in time to issue our planned PBM RFP against our full $38 billion of pharmacy spend. I am pleased to say that work is well underway to prepare for the RFP release this summer, and we look forward to maximizing value for the enterprise through that process. Since December, we have also made good progress on the efforts we outlined around standardizing and rationalizing core operations. We initiated Phase 1 of our call center standardization, including process mapping as well as beginning the formal enterprise transition of our telephony infrastructure to the cloud. As we mentioned before, this will offer more convenient ways for our members to interact with us and get the information they need. We are starting with our Medicare and Marketplace products and expect this work to be completed in early Q3. We also kicked off Phase 2 of our utilization management work, which involves building an enterprise shared services function to serve all 3 major product lines with a primary focus on enhancing quality and productivity. We completed the Medicare transition and now have the Marketplace transition in motion. Lastly, back in October, we formally updated our work-at-home policies, as we have learned how to deliver the same level of productivity and service to our members in a more flexible workplace environment. The shift to work at home and enhanced flexibility will have a meaningful impact on our ability to recruit and retain talent, but it also means we need to reevaluate our real estate footprint, something Drew mentioned during the December Investor Day. We have already evaluated approximately 25% of our facility locations and see opportunities for material downsizing of our footprint, expect updates on that work as we get through the full real estate portfolio. Finally, I want to touch on the capital allocation pillar of our value creation plan and particularly the portfolio review process. Closing out the story on USMM, we used the proceeds from that majority divestiture to execute $200 million in share repurchases in December. We are aggressively working our way through the noncore portfolio with a consistent, rigorous and strategic evaluation process. We will continue to provide updates on this work as it progresses. While the value creation work is critically important, it is also complex. Let me assure you that we have full organizational commitment to our value creation objectives and are laser-focused on leveraging Centene's size and scale to unlock significant value for our stakeholders. But let me also take this opportunity to thank our leaders and our teams throughout the organization from our local market CEOs and operational leaders to frontline staff and clinical experts for their enthusiasm, agility and willingness to think differently and work differently in service of our members. Overall, our businesses are performing well. We are building on the strength of our core business lines, and we are making meaningful progress on our commitment to margin expansion, all while delivering for our members, state partners, employees and shareholders. I'd now like to turn the call over to Brent for some insights on our core business line performance during Q4.
Brent Layton : Thank you, Sarah. Good morning, everyone. I'm happy to be here today to talk about our performance of our core business lines. Over the past 2 years, we've discussed how Centene's size and scale and our ability to be nimble has allowed us to manage through this pandemic. We remain well positioned to provide quality services in a pandemic environment or a return to more normalized utilization. Government-sponsored health care continues to grow in the U.S., and Centene continues to gain momentum across all of our product lines. Our Medicaid business is still growing with membership increasing to $15 million as we closed out 2021. This growth was aided by the ongoing suspension of redeterminations, which I will talk about more in a moment. We continue to see success in our Medicaid business, such as our new contract in Nevada. In Medicare, we ended the year with more than 1.2 million members across 33 states. As we mentioned last month, we experienced strong growth during the open enrollment period and remain on track to meet our 2022 expectations. We benefited from the combination of WellCare's product expertise and Centene's strong provider network and geographic footprint. In 2022, Centene offers plans in 327 new counties as well as 3 new states. We continue to see significant opportunity within Medicare as our expanding footprint makes Centene's product offering available to more than 75% of the country's eligible beneficiaries. Finally, in Marketplace, membership was more than 2.1 million at the end of the year, and we are pleased with our open enrollment results. For 2022, we are excited about our product offerings, which have evolved to meet the demands of our members with greater flexibility, accessibility and affordability. At the same time, we're further expanding our reach, offering Marketplace product in 5 new states. This year, Ambetter is in 49% of all counties in the U.S. This product and geographic expansion translated to solid growth during the open enrollment period. And what makes the sustained momentum in Marketplace more impactful is the fact that we never participated in a race to the bottom with our rates. We remain committed to returning Ambetter margins back to their long-term pretax target of 5% to 7.5%. And I think the initiatives we undertook in Marketplace in 2021 and the pricing discipline showed clear evidence of our ability to execute on our margin goals across all of our business lines. Before handing the call over to Drew, I want to provide a quick update on our thinking of redeterminations. We continue to work closely with our state partners to understand the timing and how to best support the transition. Our current outlook continues to reflect a return of redeterminations in May. But again, this will not be universal and the timing will vary state-by-state. The continuity of care by members that roll off Medicaid remains a top priority. Our breadth of products and services provide Centene a great opportunity to deliver this continuity of care at a low cost through our Marketplace capabilities. We currently offer exchange products in 25 of our 29 Medicaid states. Overall, we are pleased with our competitive position of our portfolio heading into 2022. With that, let me turn the call over to Drew.
Andrew Asher: Thank you, Brent. This morning, we reported fourth quarter 2021 results, including $32.6 billion in revenue, an increase of 15% compared to the fourth quarter of 2020 and adjusted diluted earnings per share of $1.01 in the quarter and $5.15 for the full year. These results are at the top end of our 2021 adjusted earnings guidance provided at our December Investor Day. Let's start with revenue for the quarter. Total revenue grew by $4.3 billion compared to the fourth quarter of 2020, primarily due to strong organic Medicaid and Medicare membership growth during 2021. Total membership increased to $26.6 million, up 4% compared to a year ago. Our Q4 consolidated HBR was 87.9%, consistent with our expectations. As promised, beginning with today's earnings release and each quarter going forward, you will be able to see the HBR components that drive the overall consolidated HBR, commercial, Medicaid and Medicare HBRs. In commercial, you can see the high HBRs in the Q2 and Q3 time frame, driven by the risk adjustment items we covered at our June Investor Day and the Delta variant in the third quarter, as we discussed on the Q3 call. Structurally, Medicaid in the high 80s has the highest absolute HBR of the 3 business lines. And Medicare, inclusive of our Medicare Advantage and PDP businesses, posted the 2021 HBR in the mid- to high 80s. As we've said before, we believe there's an opportunity to lower the Medicare HBR as we look to 2023 and beyond. At an investor conference on January 10 this year, we provided insights about the Omicron variant and related COVID inpatient authorizations rising in the back half of December. As an update for January, COVID inpatient authorizations continue to climb and peaked, at least for now, in mid-January. Interestingly, with the Delta variant, Marketplace was the highest peak of our 3 business lines and Medicare was the lowest. With Omicron, Medicare was the highest peak and Marketplace was the lowest. But fortunately, the acuity, and therefore, severity we are seeing with Omicron is lower than the Delta variant, and measures like average length of stay and resulting cost per admit are lower than during prior variants. This seems consistent with the lower acuity seen in the national data. One more item on trend, influenza cases, so far, continue to be very low compared to a typical year. Moving to other P&L and balance sheet items. Our adjusted SG&A expense ratio was 9.2% in the fourth quarter compared to 9.7% last year. This was in line with our expectation that our SG&A rate would be the highest in the fourth quarter of the year because of open enrollment spending in both Medicare and Marketplace. Year-over-year improvement reflects leveraged expenses over higher revenues. Some of you have asked about our SG&A rate and our mix of businesses. So let me give you some perspective relative to the midpoint of adjusted 2022 SG&A guidance of 8.05%. First of all, it's important to remember that we have and will continue to calculate our SG&A rate and margin metrics off of premium and service revenue, which excludes the forecasted $6 billion of pass-through revenue. And as we covered at our Investor Day, we're breaking out depreciation from SG&A in 2022 and reporting it on a separate income statement line. We expect depreciation to run a little under $700 million for 2022. On an absolute basis, Magellan increases our SG&A rate by approximately 20 basis points. Our international businesses increased by a little over 30 basis points and our other health care enterprise businesses increased it by about 10 basis points, meaning the midpoint of our adjusted SG&A rate for 2022, excluding those businesses would be in the mid-7s, and our value creation plan is focused on driving that lower over time. Cash flow provided by operations was $675 million in the quarter, primarily driven by net earnings. We continue to maintain a strong liquidity position of $2.3 billion of domestic unregulated cash on our balance sheet at quarter end. Furthermore, we closed our $2.6 billion Magellan transaction right after year-end, which used our available unregulated cash. Our goal continues to be to build cash at parent beginning in the back half of 2022 for additional share buybacks and debt paydown. On that topic, as Sarah mentioned, during the fourth quarter, we repurchased approximately $200 million of our stock using proceeds from the sale of our majority stake in U.S. Medical Management. Debt at quarter end was $18.8 billion. Our debt-to-cap ratio was 40.9%, excluding our nonrecourse debt. Our medical claims liability totaled $14.2 billion at quarter end and represents 52 days in claims payable compared to 51 in Q3. Our balance sheet remains strong, and we expect it to strengthen even further as we improve margins and generate cash flow. As we begin 2022, we're building on the positive momentum from our fourth quarter results as well as our organizational commitment to the value creation plan. We are reiterating our full year 2022 financial guidance, including expectations for adjusted earnings per share of $5.30 to $5.50. As you think about the seasonality of 2022 earnings, it looks like consensus is about 58% of adjusted EPS in the first half of the year and 42% in the back half, and that's a pretty good proxy for our estimates. And as you heard from Brent, we are pleased with our execution in the annual enrollment periods for Medicare and Marketplace and are well positioned to achieve our 2022 membership expectations. Overall, our 2021 performance demonstrates the strength and agility of our organization. As Sarah touched on, we have a lot of work in motion to drive our multiyear financial commitments in the value creation plan. We look forward to updating you on our progress as we move through the year. Thank you for your interest. Operator, Rocco, can you please open the line for questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Today's first question comes from Josh Raskin at Nephron Research.
Josh Raskin: I just wanted to follow up on the process around potential divestitures and noncore assets, and I understand the complexities, Sarah, that you mentioned. I think I'm specifically interested if there's an opportunity to include certain PBM assets as part of this RFP process that you're starting, and then if you could just remind us on thoughts on international as well?
Sarah London: Yes, absolutely. So as we've said, there are no exceptions to the portfolio review process. We're being very clear-eyed about all of those noncore assets. We really used USMM to codify that process. And then we've been prioritizing sort of the largest and most independent of assets, which is why you heard an update on international. And as I'm sure you can appreciate for specific updates on execution phase are not always going to be able to be shared incrementally. So we'll definitely share updates with you that we can as we have them. On the PBM front, our strategy there overall has not changed. And so the various PBM assets, including the inbound Magellan assets, are going through that portfolio review process and I think will be subject to the same criteria as all the other assets. So stay tuned for more updates on that.
Josh Raskin: Great. And just a quick follow-up. Can you just remind us any RFPs that are coming up in the next year or 2 where Centene is the incumbent?
Brent Layton : Well, first of all, we're waiting to hear our award in Louisiana. So still we don't have no timetable or update but waiting on Louisiana's award. We are anticipating the California RFP to be released this month, and we've been preparing for that.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Stephen Baxter at Wells Fargo.
Stephen Baxter: So the commercial MLR and the new disclosures improved quite meaningfully versus Q3. So obviously, that runs against the typical seasonality here. I appreciate in the commentary on Omicron. I was hoping you could talk a little bit about how utilization versus baseline levels trended from Q3 into Q4? And then I guess also, whether there's any kind of revenue impact to consider since it looks like PMPMs were up a little bit? And then any impact from stuff like favorable development you flagged. Just trying to understand the moving parts first quarter utilization in the quarter.
Andrew Asher: Yes, sure. Thanks. Q3, as I said in my remarks, that's when we got hit with the Delta variant largely, sort of, peaking in August. And Marketplace, which is the vast majority of that commercial line item, sort of took at the hardest in terms of the relative peaks compared to prior variants. And it was the opposite of that with the Omicron variant, which started in the back half of December. So I think that's the -- largely the Q3 to Q4 progression that you're observing in that table, nothing else notable in terms of prior period development. We seek to reestablish at similar levels based upon consistent reserve methodology. So I think that was the driver that caused that.
Operator: Sir, our next question today comes from Kevin Fischbeck of Bank of America.
Kevin Fischbeck: Just wondering if you could talk a little bit about the exchange environment of one of your competitors, scaling back pretty significantly kind of highlighting irrational pricing on the exchanges. So I think you talked about being able to improve margins this year. Can you just kind of help us -- remind us where your margin target is for this year versus that long-term target? And how much of getting to that long-term target is based upon what you have in control or whether some of that is based upon -- if you agree that some people are rational, that pricing, broadly speaking, kind of returning to a normalized rate?
Andrew Asher: Yes. Good questions and they're all around Marketplace. As we sat here over the summer of 2021, with new product development, we're thinking about how to respond to competition and continuing to hone our portfolio for marketplace. Coupling that with a more disciplined financial bid approach, at least for those bids that were still open in that time frame, we expect meaningful movement in that HBR going from 2021 to 2022. I'll sort of walk you back to our Investor Day and the conference that we were at on January 10. We expect about 500 basis point improvement year-to-year in our commercial. So that commercial line, that's -- we price for and expect to execute on a pretty meaningful improvement, which still won't get us to our final destination, that 5% to 7.5% pretax zone for Marketplace. So it's -- it will be a meaningful movement. And of course, there were some things that we got hit with in 2021 that won't reoccur. That will be part of it, but we make conscious decisions on pricing, which is why we're so pleased to be 2 million-plus in terms of membership coming out of the open enrollment period.
Operator: Our next question today comes from A.J. Rice at Crdit Suisse.
A.J. Rice: Yes. I think in the prepared remarks, it was mentioned that Medicare margins, HBR, you think, will improve in '23 and beyond. I guess I would just wonder if you could flesh out more what are the levers to allow that to happen. Is it an expectation about improvement in STARS ratings? Is it expectation of some of the rapid growth you've seen recently, some of those members maturing? Give us a little flavor for how you have the visibility in '23 and beyond by improving it. And maybe my follow-up would be just to flesh out, I know Brent mentioned the California RFP, there's been some discussion in the press about potentially a preemptive deal with Kaiser. And just any assessment of the RFP process? Anything different about that, that you'd like to call out or highlight or give us perspective on?
Brent Layton : A.J., I'll start, and then I'll kick it over to Drew. In regards to, I think, the announcement you're talking about is Kaiser Permanente, we do not subcontract with Kaiser Permanente in California. So it does not change our RP strategy or any of our approach in the procurement that will be forthcoming. I'll turn it over to you, Drew.
Andrew Asher: Yes. Then on Medicare, yes, A.J., it's sort of a comprehensive project plan, which touches a number of the areas you mentioned. So it's not just pulling clinical initiatives, and we've got a slate of dozens of those initiatives that we brought from other experiences, and we've seen work in other places. It's also the bid process, and quite frankly, having a little bit more of a discipline and a trade-off between growth and margin. And what I'm pleased at is our base of business is 50, 5-0 -- will be 50% higher coming off of the 2021 and 2022 open enrollment period. So expect growth to slow considerably in Medicare, but that's a heck of a base to then approach the margin expansion opportunity. And so the bid process, pushing towards margin will be a multiyear effort. We're not going to try to go get it all in 1 year because we've got to balance the attractiveness of our products. You're right to mention STARS. s will be a little bit more volatility over the next few years. The STARS scores that were released in '21 called the rating year '22, which result in 2023 revenue, looked good. Now we were aided by the disaster relief provisions. And between that and some other operational challenges, the STAR scores that are released in October of 2022, called the rating year '23 STARS scores, which resulted in 2024 revenue, we expect, as I mentioned on the third quarter call, those are to drop. And we've got a lot of work to do to improve our execution around STARS as we look at what we can impact today are essentially the rating year 24 stars for revenue in '25. So we'll have to manage through that -- those cycles, but there are a number of levers to pull in clinical initiatives and just, as Brent mentioned earlier, harnessing the assets of the combined company and continue to push for excellent operational execution.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Scott Fidel with Stephens.
Scott Fidel: Actually, just quickly wanted to tack on to A.J.'s question. Just on the Medicare margin side. Just wanted to get your initial thoughts on the advanced notice that just came out for 2023, seemed pretty solid from my perspective. But just interested in how that reinforces your confidence on sort of getting that margin improvement in MA? And then just as a follow-up, just appreciate the color that you've given us on the year-over-year expected change in MLR for commercial. Just interested if there's anything you'd want to call out for us in thinking about Medicare and Medicaid MLRs in 2022 versus 2021. Obviously, now we're all going to be tracking those metrics closely now that you're providing them. So just -- that you want to call out ahead of time, that would be helpful as well.
Brent Layton : Yes, absolutely. In fact, pointing you back to the Investor Day slide where we gave a specific bridge by major line of business of HBR progression from 2021 to 2022. And so if you do the math, that shows the impact on the entire HBR. So if you sort of divide that by the percentage that, that business represents, you get to the 500 basis points in commercial. Medicare, we expect around flat. Once again, we didn't price to improve nor do we think it will degradate in 2022, and that creates an opportunity for '23 and beyond in Medicare. And then in Medicaid, we talked about the last few times, we were in public forums talking about a reversion to the mean and utilization returning to a more normalized HBR in Medicaid, which would be up about 130 basis points year-to-year. You see that represented in that waterfall from our Investor Day slides at 90 basis points, but that applies to the entire HBR. It's 130 if you just isolate Medicaid itself. And then with the advanced notice, I think what it does demonstrate is bipartisan support for the Medicare program and agree those rates and elements so far we expect to be workable for next year.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Justin Lee at Wolfe Research.
Justin Lee: I actually want to follow up through on your comments around Medicaid specifically. When you talked about margin normalization, 130 basis point move is pretty significant in Medicaid. Can you give us an idea where those margins were in '21 and where you expect them to kind of normalize in '22 to start off?
Andrew Asher: I think you'll have to orient yourself to the HBRs and sort of track in that manner. And don't forget, we also had pharmacy carve-outs in a couple of our states. So that was not insignificant. The impact of that, especially in California, so that was sort of a progression, a mathematical progression right off the top. And then, yes, we're making forward estimates of -- we see returning at least like emergency room access for Medicaid on the emergent side, so things that are truly emerging, that has returned. The non-emergent, we think there's still an opportunity to keep some of that suppressed and redirect members to their PCPs and physicians. So it's a culmination of forward estimates and a view into the right sort of rate environment for Medicaid.
Justin Lee: Okay. Maybe -- again, I don't want to pin you down on the 10 basis points. But for instance, one of your peers talked about making margin target closer to 4%. Most of the others talk about kind of a midpoint closer to 3%. Maybe you can help us just kind of orient to that in terms of what you think normal is.
Andrew Asher: Yes. Going back to our June Investor Day, where we first laid out our North Star margin goal of 3.3% after tax and sort of explained that 4.4% pretax. Medicaid is going to be a little bit below that, but it can't be too far below that because it's over 60% of our business. So maybe that helps you frame in your models the different businesses. Medicare would be above the average. And then Marketplace, the highest of the 3 at the 5% to 7.5% pretax as far as long-term targets.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Matt Borsch of BMO.
Matt Borsch: Yes. Maybe if I could just continue on the Medicare Advantage product. Should we take as -- from what you're saying that you're going to be more conservative or you plan to be in your approach on bidding Medicare Advantage for 2023? And then associated with that, as a follow-up, if you could just talk about the level and intensity of competition that you're seeing in Medicare Advantage today.
Andrew Asher: I'll tackle the first piece, and then Brent is really close to this on a daily basis, and competition can follow up. I think, Matt, by definition, if we're going to be seeking to expand margin, obviously, there's a trade-off there. You shouldn't expect this to grow 30% like we did last year in terms of membership, which was just a phenomenal, top line result. But now we've got to convert some of that to deliver on margins. So yes, by definition, we will be pushing margin harder in '23, '24 and '25 bids than we did in the '21 and '22 bids, and that's just sort of the opportunity that stands in front of us.
Brent Layton : There's always going to be competition, whether it's Medicare Advantage or whether it's Marketplace. I would say, though, that the smaller players in Medicare Advantage really did not have a meaningful impact in regards to our results and our growth. But we feel good about our positioning and -- over '22 and ongoing.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley.
Ricky Goldwasser: So as we think about MA in 2022, from what we saw, you meaningfully invested into very rich benefits. So how should we think about sort of Medicare margins in 2022? Maybe you can give us some baseline that we can think of as we're thinking of that margin expansion opportunity in '23 and beyond? And then if you can comment on just what you're seeing for core utilization versus baseline and how is that factored into '22 guidance in terms of just use of ER acuity -- and acuity levels?
Brent Layton : Yes, Ricky, I think I'd ask you to orient to the Medicare HBR that we disclosed for 2021, and our expectation of that being sort of in the zone of flat, consistent '21 to '22. That's -- as we explained at Investor Day, it's one of the pieces that our guidance is predicated on. And then, yes, every -- on utilization, every wave, Omicron or every COVID wave since the beginning, there's a -- the deferrable services are less and less impacted. It doesn't mean we don't think there are channel checks tell us that there are surgeries that are being rescheduled for February that would have otherwise been done in January, but the providers are getting more and more resilient in terms of being able to manage both. So there's been a continuing return to, call it, normal utilization over the past 6 to 9 months. Some areas aren't fully there. Like I mentioned, the nonemergent emergency room, which is good, and hopefully, that's a structural change for the industry. We're certainly working with our members and our physicians to try to get members to engage directly with their physicians for nonemergent services. But all of that's factored into the progressions of our HBRs that we laid out at Investor Day.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Stephen Valiquette with Barclays.
Stephen Valiquette: Great. So question around Medicare Advantage. Obviously, the early CMS data looks promising for Centene, the MA membership growth for '22. But just given the greater than average industry volatility in this year's Medicare, AEP. Just curious if you can remind us just on Centene's profile on how much of your typical MA membership growth is maybe driven by internal sales efforts versus reliance on external channels. And do you expect any notable changes in that mix going forward, just given some of the volatility that we're seeing and other trends across the MA marketing efforts.
Andrew Asher: Yes. We're not really seeing that volatility you're referring to. I mean we've got multiple channels. The Medicare team over the past 4 or 5 years has developed multiple channels, the W2 workforce are going back a long ways back. And then more recently, next -- in the last 3 or 4 years, Teledigital. We've got -- we actually created our own direct-to-consumer proprietary internal capability. That's another channel. We've got the brokerage channel, which we honed probably a few years ago after the Universal American acquisition. So we've been working on this for a number of years. And then the merger with Centene gave us, as Brent mentioned, access to a much broader footprint, and quite frankly, network just to complement what WellCare had built along the way. So just to give you one data point, our -- I think what you're getting at is sort of that distribution channel of Teledigital and telemarketing. It's about half of our sales, but it was about half of our sales last year, too. So not a real change in the distribution of where we're getting our growth from.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Dave Windley at Jefferies.
Dave Windley: I was wondering in Medicaid, if you're able to do analytics that would either tell you explicitly or give you hints as to which members were likely to be redetermined off when that turns back on, and if you can see that what are the relative claims patterns of those people or the HBR on that subgroup versus the whole?
Andrew Asher: Yes. No, obviously, we've been thinking about that. And while there are some characteristics, we don't have good employment data on those that may have gotten employment since they originally qualified for Medicaid. There's some cohorts such as moms post delivery in some states depending on state eligibility rules that they might have otherwise rolled off at a certain point postpartum. So we can look at some of that, but there's not -- it's not like you've got a cohort that we're getting with a rate sell that says, "to be redetermined in the future", so we can make estimates of that. And we've seen, over time, the impact of eligibility going up and down the FPL scale. But we think we're well prepared for that time when it comes. We'll see if it pushes out past our May 1 assumption, which our guidance is built on. And the teams are really focused on 25 out of 29 states being prepared. And I think Brent can probably add some color, some interesting color, for you guys on our engagement with states on that topic.
Brent Layton : Yes. I mean we have been in constant contact well starting last year with both the federal government, and obviously, our state partners. And as Drew said, we've really built a platform between our exchange through to Medicaid. And from that standpoint, whether it's network and communication and planning, we're preparing for this. So wherever that date is, we believe that we have the ability to really be a solution as people want to -- obviously, states want to make sure their citizens have health insurance coverage, and we've been working with them and we're preparing for it.
Operator: On our next question today comes from Nathan Rich of Goldman Sachs.
Nathan Rich: Drew, could you maybe just remind us whether the '22 guidance includes any expected savings from the value creation plan? I think going back to the December Analyst Day, the SG&A bridge had 15 basis points of leverage on the core business, but I wasn't sure if that included anything specifically from the program. And then it sounds like the company is tracking well against the early guideposts that you laid out, especially around pharmacy. I guess I'd just be curious, is there a potential to see savings from some of those actions this year as we think about progression over the balance of the year.
Andrew Asher: Yes, it's a really good question on sort of the jump-off point because we're crystal clear internally also the midpoint of $5.40 for 2022 is a jump-off point, upon which we will pull levers to get the $2 of opportunity, including the SG&A bucket, that $700 million of SG&A bucket that we laid out at Investor Day. So those should be incremental largely showing up in '23 and '24, but incremental to the jump-off point of the $5.30 to $5.50 guidance. And Sarah can give you an update on some of those activities.
Sarah London: Yes. As you noted, we are making good progress. We are very focused on hitting those EPS targets for '22, '23 and '24. And we'll always look for upside. But I think the way we look at it, you don't get to kick the extra point if you don't score the touchdown first. So we're staying really focused on our goals, first and foremost, in year.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Gary Taylor at Cowen.
Gary Taylor: Well, first, I just want to say hello to Michael and wish him well, but I did want to see if there was any updates you can provide. Wondering if there's any update on CEO search and process timing you can provide another 5 new Board members in January. But is that likely a first half or second half announcement? And is there any visibility for investors outside of -- we'll just wake up 1 day and we'll see who the CEO is?
Michael Neidorff: Let me start that. There's a process we're going through. We're following good governance. We're looking at various candidates, and they recognize that some time ago, earlier when this was publicized, I'd talked about them. I spoke to the Board of my desire to step down as CEO, and the process is in place. And I think -- there's too much more than that. We're beginning over our SKUs. So it's a clear process. And I hope to see results over -- between now and midyear at the latest.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, our next question today comes from Calvin Sternick with JPMorgan.
Calvin Sternick: Just wanted to ask on the exchanges and the enhanced subsidies and any update on legislation and timing for something to get done there and just any sense for the likelihood that something will get done there in 2022.
Michael Neidorff: Jon, do you want start with that, and then let Brent pick up?
Brent Layton : Michael, I'll start that and then I'll let Jon Dinesman speak from there. I mean it's clearly a priority of the Biden administration. This has clearly had an impact. It's clearly led to large enrollments from that standpoint. We do anticipate that there will be many efforts, and we anticipate future legislation. But Jon, I'll let you add to that, sir.
Jonathan Dinesman: Yes. The one thing that's important is it had strong support to coming out of the house, also maintain that strong support in the Senate. So there's a clear recognition, especially by the Democrats that this was critical to strengthening the ACA and even the mansion proposal included this. So anybody who guesses on timing is really doing a guess, but we still feel like confident that if there is a bill that passes that this will be included.
Operator: And our next question today comes from George Hill at Deutsche Bank.
George Hill: Yes. Just on the PBM project, I guess, as the project continues to press along, are you able to give us any more color maybe on which parts do you feel like you want to in-source versus feel like outsourced? Do you feel like this is a complete outsourcing project? Or you guys hold on the higher-value projects like formulary network management? Just kind of as we think about the scope of the RFP and the outsourcing project, just kind of what stays and what goes?
Sarah London: Yes, it's a great question. I would say we have a pretty strong operating hypothesis going into the RFP about what pieces we want to partner for and what we want to keep in-house, but we're also doing a pass at that work through the lens of value creation to make sure that we still feel like that hypothesis holds. And I think some of that will also be informed, quite frankly, by the conversations that we have with potential partners through the RFP process. But I would say, on balance, keeping those capabilities that allow us to create a differentiated experience for our members and providers, is always going to be the priority.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to the management team for any final remarks.
Michael Neidorff: Thank you, all. I want to thank everybody for joining us today. And we really look forward over the course of the year to continue to report our results. Clearly, I believe we have the right product mix, the right strategy for those products. The margin expansion program is clear, and everybody in the organization knows what has to be done. And most importantly, we have the right team working on these things to bring you good health. So it's a -- I'm really looking forward to the results about the year. Thank you for participating.
Operator: Thank you, sir, and thank you all for your participation on today's conference. Today's call has now concluded. You may disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-26 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Centene Corporation Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note todays event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jen Gilligan, Senior Vice President, Finance and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, maam.
Jen Gilligan: Thank you, Rocco and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us on our third quarter 2021 earnings results conference call. Michael Neidorff, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Sarah London, Vice Chairman; and Drew Asher, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Centene will host this mornings call, which can also be accessed through our website at centene.com. Any remarks that Centene may make about future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for the purpose of the Safe Harbor provision under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by those forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in Centenes most recent Form 10-Q filed today and the Form 10-K dated February 22, 2021 and other public SEC filings, including the risks and uncertainties described with respect to the potential impacts of COVID-19 on our business and results of operations. Centene anticipates that subsequent events and developments may cause its estimates to change. While the company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. The call will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of these measures, with the most directly comparable GAAP measures, can be found in our third quarter 2021 press release, which is available on the companys website under the Investors section. Additionally, please mark your calendars for our upcoming 2022 guidance meeting to be held on December 10. We will invite sell side analysts to participate in person in New York and ask others to participate virtually. With that, I would like to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Michael Neidorff. Michael?
Michael Neidorff: Thank you, Jennifer. Good morning and thank you for joining Centenes third quarter earnings call today. As you will notice today, we are evolving our presentation format to a streamline version and with essential facts and commentary. I am pleased to have Sarah London and Drew Asher joining me today. Brent Layton has a conflict that could not be avoided, but you can expect him to join us on future calls. First, on the quarter, we were pleased with the results and the fact that the matrix were straightforward with minimum noise. In the quarter, we generated revenue of $32.4 billion, an HBR of 88.1% and adjusted earnings per share of $1.26. Drew will provide additional context. Overall, the numbers reflect a return towards normal utilization, while still covering reasonable amounts of COVID costs, which seemed to have peaked in August. Importantly, our performance provides a strong foundation for our value creation plan and we remain committed to our margin goals. Further supporting our strategic progress during the quarter, we announced a series of organizational changes, including appointing Sarah London as Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors and Brent Layton as the companys President and Chief Operating Officer. I would also like to acknowledge that David Steward, an 18-year veteran of our Board of Directors, retired to pursue personal business interest. We do not plan to replace his position as we continue to work on refreshing and streamlining the board to a size of 9 to 13 members. Turning to the current landscape, overall, the portfolio is performing well. We delivered a strong membership increase in Medicaid, our position for continued growth in Medicare, and we continue to stay the course in marketplace. Sarah will provide further details. We are working closely with states on the timing of redetermination, which has so far been extended until January with the opportunity for additional extensions 3 months at a time. As redeterminations resume, I would like to remind you that not all states will be doing so at the same time. In addition, we look forward to offering members who no longer qualify for Medicaid the opportunity to enroll in our marketplace product. We expect that advanced premium tax credits will keep costs in line for these members and we value the opportunity support, continuity of care and preserve provider relationships, which in the long-term leads to higher quality care, which is much more cost effective. Looking ahead to 2022, there are several additional factors we continue to monitor and evaluate. These include the pace of the RFP pipeline, ongoing growth in Medicare, the opportunity for improvement in marketplace launches as well as the COVID landscape overall. We will provide full detail on these factors and their potential impact as headwinds and tailwinds at our Investor Day in December. In addition, we are committed to achieving an investment grade rating and a disciplined capital allocation framework that takes into consideration our priorities, including investing in our business, debt management and share repurchases. Before I close, I would like to highlight the importance of vaccine mandates in stopping the transmission of COVID and protecting those who cannot yet safely receive inoculations, particularly the immunologically compromised and young children for whom vaccine access is getting closer, but still pending. Centene has been a leader on this critical issue mandating vaccinations as a condition of employment. We also continue to support our members in assessing the vaccine to national outreach and campaigns and creative participation, such as the Pro Football Hall of Fame and NASCAR. I would also like to remind you that this platform for vaccines has been in development for the past 25 years and scientists are indicating is likely one of the safest vaccines under development. In closing, we are pleased with our third quarter results and the sustained momentum across the enterprise. We remain focused on executing across the value creation playbook we have in place. As always, we intend to continue to provide transparent updates as we progress through our initiatives and I look forward to seeing many of you at our December Investor Day. Finally, Id like to thank all our employees for their unwavering commitment and service throughout these unprecedented times. Thank you for your continued interest in Centene. And I would turn the call over to Sarah.
Sarah London: Thank you, Michael. Good morning, everyone. I am going to provide highlights of our product line performance before touching on the early progress we are making around our value creation plan. During the quarter, we continued to build on our market leading position and are experiencing solid growth and good outcomes. In Medicaid, our business continues to perform well. Membership increased to $14.8 million, aided by continued suspension of redeterminations and the go-live of our business in North Carolina. In Marketplace, with more than 90% of our membership receiving some form of subsidy, we maintain our low income focus and our commitment to providing healthcare access and affordability to our members. At the end of the third quarter, our Marketplace membership was 2.2 million and we are pleased with the progress of our clinical initiatives as we head into the fourth quarter. Looking ahead, our 2022 Marketplace offerings reflect the diverse and evolving needs of our Ambetter consumers. We are introducing a group of new products designed to optimize flexibility, access and affordability. In addition, we plan to grow our coverage map by entering 5 new states with Marketplace products. As we continue to monitor policies and plans around the return of Medicaid redeterminations, we believe that our enhanced footprints within both Medicaid and Marketplace position Centene well to support our members with options for coverage continuity. In Medicare Advantage, we continue to see a compelling growth opportunity for the company. We are expanding Centenes footprint to reach 48 million Medicare-eligible adults across the country, which is more than 75% of eligible beneficiaries. Today, Centene serves more than 1.2 million Medicare Advantage members across 33 states. Beginning in 2022, the company expects to offer plans in 327 new counties, representing a 26% increase and 3 new states, including Massachusetts, Nebraska and Oklahoma. Now, turning to our value creation plan, as we outlined this past June, we have embarked on our strategy to leverage Centenes size and scale and drive margin expansion through SG&A efficiencies, medical management initiatives and strategic capital deployment. We are focused on generating sustained growth and margin expansion. And although it is still very early, seeing the enterprise-wide commitment from the outset has given me confidence that we are on the right track to achieve our goal. Brent, Drew and I are leading this effort and we believe we now have an organizational structure in place to drive this forward across our business and functions. On the SG&A front, we have identified opportunities across the company, where we believe we can be more efficient. This isnt about cost-cutting. Its about positioning the company for long-term success. For example, we piloted new technology within our call centers for use by Centene employees. This technology trial yielded significant reductions in cycle times and now will be rolled out enterprise-wide. Another opportunity we have mentioned as a value creation target is pharmacy. As we alluded to in June, we are now taking steps toward consolidating down to a single PBM platform and rationalizing those platforms we view as nonessential. We began this work in Q3 and look forward to providing more detail around this overall program in December. In addition, we are progressing on the review and potential sale of certain non-core assets as part of our portfolio optimization process, which has taken on an increased focus as part of the value creation plan. Again, we are in the very early stages. And as we continue to leverage our size and scale to our benefit, these are just a few of the many levers we are pulling to achieve our adjusted net income margin target of at least 3.3%. Let me remind you that as we progress through these and other initiatives, particularly in 2023 and 2024, we anticipate seeing a greater impact pushing us toward our goal. Before handing the call over to Drew, let me provide a quick update on the Magellan transaction. We are still awaiting one final regulatory approval in California and continue to expect the deal to close by the end of 2021. We continue to work with the regulators to move the transaction to completion. Now, let me turn the call over to Drew to provide more details on our third quarter performance and our updated outlook.
Drew Asher: Thank you, Sarah. This morning, we reported third quarter 2021 results, including $32.4 billion in revenue an increase of 11% compared to the third quarter of 2020 and adjusted diluted earnings per share of $1.26. Revenue grew by $3.3 billion compared to the third quarter of 2020 and total membership increased of 26.5 million, up 5% compared to a year ago. Our Q3 consolidated HBR was 88.1%, right on track with our full year guidance. At a webcast presentation in mid-September, we provided insights into the first 2 months of the quarter. As a reminder, in July, we saw subsidence in pent-up demand in our Marketplace business, followed in August by a spike in COVID costs due to the Delta variant. Consistent with national data, our COVID costs peaked in late August, dropped throughout September and the sharp drop of COVID cost continues in October. While the Delta variant had a higher peak, as measured in authorizations compared to January 2021, it peaked and fell rather quickly. With our diversified enterprise, we were able to manage through this given our steady performance in Medicaid and Medicare. Accordingly, we are maintaining the midpoint of our consolidated HBR range for 2021, just shrinking the width of the range since we are three quarters through the year. Our adjusted SG&A expense ratio was 8.6% in the third quarter, with higher short-term variable incentive compensation costs compared to Q2 given the positive trajectory of the business. While we are getting some SG&A leverage on our growth in 2021, there is a lot more to come over the next few years as we execute on the value creation plan. One item to point out from a mix standpoint circle a well-positioned ASC-like hospital enterprise in England has an SG&A rate in the 30s on service fee revenue of approximately $1.4 billion. This has an approximate 30 basis point mathematical impact on our consolidated SG&A rate for Q3 2021 and going forward. Continuing on highlights of the quarter, cash flow provided by operations in the third quarter was strong at $1.8 billion. With respect to unregulated cash, we had $2.7 billion at quarter end, which includes the $1.8 billion we borrowed to partially fund the Magellan transaction. We expect to need approximately $2.3 billion of unregulated cash to close Magellan in the fourth quarter. Debt at quarter end was $18.8 billion. Our debt-to-cap ratio was 41.2%, inclusive of Magellan financing and excluding our non-recourse debt. Our medical claims liability totaled $14.1 billion at quarter end and represents 51 days in claims payable compared to 48 in Q2. This 3-day increase was driven by the timing of state-directed payments, claims payments and state fee schedule changes. You will see a couple of items in our GAAP to adjusted EPS reconciliation, a $309 million one-time gain as a result of our acquisition of the remaining 60% of Circle in early July 2021 and a write-down of our investment in RxAdvance of $229 million in the quarter as we are simplifying our pharmacy operations. Both of these are non-cash items. Before we get to updated 2021 guidance, I want to comment on the recently announced rating year 2022 Star scores. This will drive 2023 Medicare revenue. We are certainly pleased with over 50% of membership and 4-star contracts and our first 5-star contract. Rating year 2022 benefited from the continuation of disaster provisions due to COVID. With an expectation of those provisions sunsetting and upon reviewing the in-process results of our quality program, we expect rating year 2023 scores to drop followed by a subsequent jump in rating year 2024 scores. This essentially has the effect of providing some fungible investment dollars for calendar year 2023. We have updated our full year 2021 outlook, including a narrowed adjusted EPS guidance range of $5.05 to $5.15. This outlook incorporates revenues within a range of $125.2 billion to $126.4 billion, increased by the inclusion of Circle and expected state-related pass-through payments of $500 million. It includes an expected HBR of 87.6% to 88.0% and an SG&A ratio of 8.2% to 8.6%, 20 basis points higher than the prior guidance, with the largest driver being the mixed math on Circle as we just discussed. While we still have a quarter to go to finish 2021, the strength of our diversified enterprise has enabled us to manage through the volatility of COVID, pent-up demand and resulting 2021 Marketplace pressure. This enterprise strength will only improve as we execute on the value creation plan over the next few years. With regards to 2022, consistent with our public comments in September, we continue to expect modest adjusted EPS growth next year. We look forward to providing more details around 2022 expectations and going more in depth into the long-term value creation drivers during our December 10 Investor Day. Thank you for your interest, and operator, you can now open up the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Todays first question comes from Josh Raskin at Nephron Research. Please, go ahead.
Josh Raskin: Hi, thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Michael Neidorff: Good morning.
Josh Raskin: Good morning, Michael. Question on sort of 2022 top line. And I know the June Investor Day, I think you talked about $124 billion, a pretty stale number at this point. But Im curious, specifically as to sort of how you think about that top line just directionally next year and specifically, as were starting to see a little bit of the competitive environment for both MA and exchanges in the open enrollment period for next year?
Michael Neidorff: Well, I will give you the bridge and Investor Days that walk you across to the full results. But as Drew and others in this room have indicated today, we see continued strength in our Medicare product, Medicaid and we see  we think were holding our own and doing better in the Marketplace. So on balance, we see growth in the top line, obviously, and some modest growth to the bottom line coming from that.
Josh Raskin: Got it. Just a follow-up, so if we thought about that as sort of mid-single-digit top line growth and something very similar on the bottom line, is that kind of what you guys are talking about in terms of modest growth?
Michael Neidorff: Thats a good place to be right now. Yes.
Josh Raskin: Okay. Perfect. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today comes from Matt Borsch of BMO Capital Markets. Please, go ahead.
Matt Borsch: Yes. I was just hoping maybe you could sort of revisit the headwinds and tailwinds for next year? Im not looking, obviously, guidance isnt going to come until your December 10 event. And maybe if there is a particular focus there, sort of the magnitude at least directionally of the headwind you expect from the Medicaid redeterminations?
Michael Neidorff: Yes. Ill start, and Sarah and some others can jump in. But weve said that we saw there is a headwind there, but were not sure of the timing. It will vary by state. And depending on the state of the economy and where things are, it could be continued 3 months at a time, so were not going to be precised on the timing. But we see it mitigated by the fact that with the advanced tax credits and things supporting the Marketplace that individuals will be able to move over to our market case maintain their network, their relationships with physicians, which will be a mitigating factor. And as we get closer, we see how its all developing. In December, we hope to be able to give you additional detail.
Matt Borsch: Okay.
Operator: Okay. Thank you. It appears our next question today will come from A.J. Rice at Credit Suisse. Please, go ahead.
A.J. Rice: Thanks. Hi, everybody. I would just be curious, you guys have talked now for two quarters about this idea of reviewing non-core assets as well as today, youve got more explicit commentary about the pharmacy benefit management restructuring. I know youre probably not going to say what youre looking at doing on the non-core assets, but do we have a sense of timing? Is that something that will happen over the near to intermediate term? Or is that more of a long-term review? And on the PBM restructuring, is that  I think before you talked about maybe 23 relevant contracts were coming up for renewal. Is something based on your announcement today making that a more near-term opportunity to realize savings? Or is this still sort of something that will impact 23 and 24?
Michael Neidorff: Ill start, and Drew and others can jump in, Sarah, but the evaluation and what were doing with non-core assets to start at any time. Its an ongoing thing. Its not something in the future, but I expect as we achieve the expected results from what were doing and you can stay tuned, youll see it starting to happen sooner than later. And  but once again, were not  its not how fast, its how well. And were sure that we get  we maximize the value and protect the individuals involved in it. So  but its something that its not  were not talking look for this in 23, 24. It could be  you should expect some indications of whats happening sooner. Sarah, do you want to add something?
Sarah London: I would just echo that were actively in the process. And as Michael said, I think there will be more information coming both in the short-term and on an ongoing basis because this is part of the discipline of looking at the portfolio overall. On the pharmacy front, I would say were very focused short-term on logical consolidation as we talked about as well as rationalization of non-core platforms. And as weve said before, we have an RFP launching in 2022 thats more focused on the long-term. This, I think, is a great example and sort of microcosm of the value creation opportunity. And so our plan is to actually go through this in detail in a case study in December, so you can understand all of the moving parts.
A.J. Rice: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Kevin Fischbeck at Bank of America. Please, go ahead.
Kevin Fischbeck: Great. Thanks. If I understand what youve been saying so far around utilization. It sounds like the Medicare and Medicaid businesses have been performing relatively well, but the exchange businesses are still seeing pressure. Can you comment a little bit more about what exactly youre seeing from an MLR and cost structure perspective? And then how you feel like your pricing for next year would reflect that? Have you caught everything? Should we expect normal margins next year? Or is there a reason to believe that it hasnt been fully reflected yet?
Drew Asher: Thanks, Kevin. This is Drew. We certainly expect to make progress towards our 5 to 7.5 pretax long-term goal for marketplace next year, and we sort of price to sort of move in that direction. With respect to the quarter, as I mentioned, we saw subsidence in pent-up demand in July, which was good to see. Actually, Marketplace took it the hardest in terms of the August spike in the Delta variant of COVID, but it retreated pretty quickly. So there was still pressure in the quarter on Marketplace. But youre right, the strength of Medicare and Medicaid were carried through the portfolio as a whole. And we look forward to the expansion that Sarah mentioned in Marketplace and some of the new products that will address some of the competition. And we expect to make margin expansion progress in Marketplace next year as one of the tailwinds going into 2022.
Kevin Fischbeck: Yes. I guess one of your competitors signaled that there was maybe lower visibility than normal in the risk adjustment on the exchanges this year because of the special enrollment period. I guess how do you feel about that this quarter and your visibility into that this year and next?
Drew Asher: Yes, youre right. We managed and we sort of tracked the four cohorts of the Marketplace business, the renewal cohort, the new cohort in AEP, the SEP, special enrollment period, pre-May and then the SEP May plus, when the subsidies, the enhanced APTCs were in place. And so we can track the med cost drivers. And youre right, because its a partial year for those new members, you have a more limited risk adjustment opportunity, both in terms of having the acuity reflected in risk adjustment and then just the calendar of having them less than 12 months. But we expect them to roll into next year with the full year of that opportunity.
Michael Neidorff: There is also some COVID-related costs that were not subject to risk adjustment. So that has an impact on it as well. So its not a typical year. It was really atypical in a lot of ways.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. Great, thanks.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Justin Lake at Wolfe Research. Please, go ahead.
Justin Lake: Thanks. First, a quick follow-up on Kevins question, Drew, can you  I think you had talked about the fact that at least at the high end of the MLR range, youre assuming that exchanges might be kind of breakeven this year? Can you give us an update there? And then one thing I noticed on the accruals for medical cost payable. Look like your reserves grew pretty significantly in the quarter relative to premiums. Is that just trying  Drew, you kind of take over  taken a little bit more conservative view on kind of how you set that? Or was there something mechanical there? Thanks.
Drew Asher: Yes. On the last point, it was a little bit more mechanical. I mean, clearly, reserve strength is an important factor of running a good business. But we outlined the 3-day increase sequential as there is pass-through payments that are sitting on our balance sheet that need to get to their ultimate homes. And then there is some timing of pharmacy invoices and other things, sort of mechanical thats driving that 3-day increase sequentially. And then on Marketplace, youre right, we priced for margin expansion off of this year. As Michael said, look, this is a choppy and difficult year in Marketplace with the various COVID impacts, including the pent-up demand in Q2 and the risk adjustment changes that CMS made earlier this year. But the good news is we maintained our HBR guidance. Weve got a great portfolio, a diversified portfolio across the businesses. So we were able to withstand those headwinds in 2021 that we expect to flip into tailwinds going into 2022 in the Marketplace business.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Randy Giacobbe with Citi. Please, go  Im sorry, Ralph Giacobbe with Citi. Please, go ahead.
Ralph Giacobbe: Thanks. Good morning. Again, just to Justins question. Can you give us a sense of exchange margins and where they are this year, I guess, first? And then second, you talked about redetermination, both in terms of sort of timing around sort of the PH. I just want to understand that a little bit state discretion around that, I guess? And then the last piece of it, can you give us a sense of how you view profitability between Medicaid and HICCS generally, so if you do recapture those lives, how we should think about the economics of that? Thanks.
Drew Asher: Yes. On the margin question, were below our target. Thats obvious this year, and we need to make progress towards that in 2022 with respect to Marketplace. And then youre right, there is an opportunity. Were sort of pegging the redetermination timing. We mentioned this in that September conference that was webcast in the summertime of 2022. Thats consistent with the CBOs baseline update in July. But thereafter, as Michael mentioned, its going to be a state-by-state sort of determination of the duration of that redetermination process but its great to have an expanded footprint in Marketplace. And youre right, we need to sort of price for those members in 2023 to come into the Marketplace business and make sure we are  we have got attractive products for them.
Michael Neidorff: I mean, I just want to add to one question, in terms of, I am not going to try and get how a state will determine when they are going to do something. We have enough experience to know that its not that predictable and it could be a new director, besides that do it now, there is just so many different variables, where its just an individual judgment that its not a science that we can hang our hat on.
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay, fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Scott Fidel at Stephens. Please, go ahead.
Scott Fidel: Hi, good morning. I wonder if you can talk a bit about the current staffing pressures in the broader healthcare market? And whether thats having any impact on any of your businesses? And then how thats influencing provider contracting and whether you need to make any adjustments for that? And then just as a follow-up, just wanted to clarify on Joshs question, Michael, I think you did say that you think that mid-single-digit revs and EPS is a good placeholder for now. I just want to  actually for 2022, just wanted to clarify that  actually you on that? Yes.
Michael Neidorff: Ill take part, others can jump in. Yes, thats a good place to start for a placeholder now until we get together in December. Relative to staffing, yes, were feeling pressures. We have some  we think some solutions that are will work for us and were making work, but Im not going to, for competitive reasons, disclose it all. And the other thing its done is  were accelerating our use of AI and were updating our systems and capabilities so that were becoming more efficient, which will have the benefit also longer term of contributing to our margin expansion. And so using some of these techniques and Sarah and others are developing and the team, its freeing up nurses and others to do higher-value activities and case management. So were facing some of the same issues. Just were fortunate to have the size, scale and versatility to be able to deal with it.
Drew Asher: On the 2022 question, once again, its probably best to wait for that bridge because Magellan piece of it, the annualization of Circle. So probably better to wait and see all of the pieces rather than to make a broad estimate of 2022. And then once again, I want to mention  I mentioned one of the tailwinds being improvement of Marketplace margins. In fairness, I want to remind you guys of what we said in past conferences on a couple of the headwinds, Medicaid reversion to the mean on MBR, on HBR as well as pharmacy carve-outs in a couple of our states, which are not insignificant in terms of the revenue and bottom line impact. So those are all factored into our assessment of modest adjusted EPS growth for next year.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Lance Wilkes at Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Lance Wilkes: Yes. I had a question for you, Sarah, and it was really related to strategic investment spending as kind of a component of the margin improvement plan. And I was just interested in maybe the overall implications for CapEx expenditures, for strategic investments like digital and value-based care. What would be your priorities and the magnitude of investment? And then on the non-core divestitures, are the benefits of that proceeds that then you can use for something, or are the benefits of that getting rid of sort of money losing or lower-margin businesses? Thanks.
Sarah London: Yes. Thanks, Lance. Great question. So, as we think about the value creation plan, as Michael has already touched on, a big piece of it is driving efficiency in our operations. And so obviously, focused on agility and data and working towards leveraging Artificial Intelligence, automation. We have talked a lot about thats a huge priority, and we think there is a lot of low-hanging fruit there. So, making sure that we have the right talent and we have the right tools. Obviously, Apixio is a piece of that, but we think there are others. And there are pieces of that, that we are developing ourselves. So that, I think is a real foundational piece of all of this. And then being able to reinvest the savings that we get from those efficiencies to continue sort of the flywheel of value creation is also part of the plan. And then relative to the divestitures, I think the answer varies  will vary on a case-by-case basis. And in some cases, that has to do with positioning assets in such a way that we think they will be beneficial to longer term strategy in different areas, whether thats around provider enablement, further domains that we think are important as we move to value-based arrangements or core tools that we think will have a greater benefit to the broader industry. So, it really is on a case-by-case basis. And as we get through those, our intention would be to provide a broader rationale for all of that decision-making.
Michael Neidorff: I am going to give you one example on AI and things that I have been talking about to some extent. And we are rolling this out. It takes a nurse 18 minutes to go through a chart to preauthorize on average. We now have AI and systems in place at that same decision approving it can be done in one second. Think about that. Think about the fact that we will have a satisfied member who is sitting there. The doctors in and say, My goodness, it was approved before I could finish typing the request. Now if its a no, there will still be human intervention because we are not going to have that. But I think we were talking yesterday in technology. Probably two-thirds of these cases are approved using the AI. We have rolled it out to five states or six states now. So, its well tested. But thats an example. So all of a sudden, we now have the ability to take a nurse and move her from the routine  from the monotonous reading charts to doing things in case managing, and that creates a much more productive environment. I just used that as an example that makes it real as to how we are overcoming the labor issues. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today comes from Ricky Goldwasser at Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ricky Goldwasser: Yes. Hi. Good morning.
Michael Neidorff: Good morning.
Ricky Goldwasser: Sir, a couple of follow-up questions here. First one, just for clarification, Drew, I heard you both say 2022 EPS growth is going to be modest, but then I also heard you say mid-single digits. So, I just wanted to make sure we are thinking about it correctly. To me, modest is low-single digit versus mid. Secondly, on the PBM and consolidation into a new platform, I am assuming that, that CVS that you work with in the past. But I think I also heard Sarah, you are saying that you are going to launch an RFP in 2022? I just want to clarify that. And what would be the timeline for that? And then the new question is just if you can give us examples of the new products that you are introducing in the marketplace? I think you have been talking about some exciting new things that you are putting in the market, if you can give us some details around that?
Drew Asher: Hi Ricky, this is Drew. Let me start with your first question. The modest adjusted EPS growth next year takes into account everything we know sitting here today. I think you are referring to the mid-single digit reference was  goes back to our June Investor Day, thats on the revenue. Thats sort of long-term organic revenue mid-single digits. And I think a question was asked earlier that maybe conflated to two. On the PBM opportunity, Sarah?
Sarah London: Yes. So as I have said, in the short-term, we have been focused on consolidating with our existing external vendor. And then you are correct, we are launching an RFP in 2022 that would award 01/01/2023. And so the goal there is to make sure that we are staying sharp relative to our external partners and getting the greatest economic benefit where we are leveraging an external partner for our core capability.
Drew Asher: Let me jump in because I am the guy who loves doing these RFPs for PBM services. Yes, we would launch sometime in 2022 for the  our contract ends at the end of 23 for 01/01/24, and thats going to be a huge opportunity for an external PBM.
Michael Neidorff: On the new products, I am going to be a little tight lift on it until it hits the marketplace. But I would say it takes advantage of our systems capability the broad and effective networks we have. I think it will put us in a competitive place without following the joint race to the bottom.
Ricky Goldwasser: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Stephen Baxter at Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Stephen Baxter: Hey. Thanks. I wanted to follow-up on the exchange discussion for 2022. So obviously, a lot of data has become available in the past couple of days. It seems like you are consistent, with your comments, much more focused on margin, perhaps more so than others in the marketplace. I was hoping you could discuss what you are seeing across the market at this stage? And whether you think there is a conclusion that you reached about the outlook for membership growth as you think about 2022? Thanks.
Drew Asher: Yes. You are right to point out that we tilted a little bit more towards margin than we have in the past in terms of our pricing posture, but we are still well positioned in a number of markets. And its  look, we are just in the AEP now. Its too tough to call whether we will grow a little or shrink a little. But the important thing is to maintain the base and drive margin expansion as we roll out and test some of these new products and provide what we think is an excellent value proposition to the growing population eligible for exchanges. Thanks to the special enrollment period and the enhanced advanced premium tax credits.
Michael Neidorff: We did well doing a special enrollment period very well, in fact. And I remind you that the advanced tax credits have tended to minimize the pricing advantage that we may have. And so, on balance, I will say I want to be cautiously optimistic that we will be  that people will be pleased with the results we achieved.
Stephen Baxter: Thanks. And just a quick related follow-up. I just wanted to ask about the recent announcement that you launched a virtual first plant and the exchanges in partnership with Teladoc. Any sense you can give us on the longer term strategy there? And maybe also talk a little bit about the cost difference that provides you versus traditional offerings? Thank you.
Michael Neidorff: Pardon me? Go ahead.
Drew Asher: Kevin Counihan, you are on the call.
Michael Neidorff: Kevin is there?
Kevin Counihan: We have two virtual care products. First, we have in the marketplace. We have our Ambetter virtual access product that we are piloting in four states. And the second one, which I think you are referring to, is the Virtual First product that we are piloting for employers. The things that they have in common is 24/7 access for urgent care, prevention, screenings, and care management, zero dollar cost for virtual care via the Teladoc network and also access to our in-network providers, as needed. So, we are  there is a lower price point for each of these products. And we are excited about their introduction.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today comes from Gary Taylor at Cowen. Please go ahead.
Gary Taylor: Hi, good morning. Just had a couple of questions. Thinking about the potential headwind from the Medicaid MLR normalizing or returning to mean, Drew. How do we think about the year-to-date sort of retro state adjustments you have called out? I think the beginning of the year was kind of thinking that would be $400 million. I think last quarter, it was up to $675 million, we know some of those expiring like in Michigan, but do we just  I guess the conclusion is just that the underlying Medicaid medical expense benefit to you this year is still larger than those retro adjustments?
Drew Asher: Yes, those are starting to tail off. You are right, it was $675 million in Q2. At the end of Q3, our full year forecast is $820 million. And while some of those risk corridors carry into the first half of next calendar year, because it coincides with the states fiscal year, those, we expect largely to sunset the COVID era risk corridors and other mechanisms. So, you are right. Thats been the governor on the underlying stronger utilization performance in Medicaid during the pandemic and coming out of it. So obviously, that mutes the forward impact. But we still do think there will be sort of a reversion to a little bit higher HBR as we look ahead in Medicaid. I think its responsible to assume that.
Gary Taylor: And would you say the same  not to the same degree, but when we look at year-to-date performance and Medicare Advantage across the industry and some of the deferred care there, that also seems like a potential place where you could see some resetting or normalization of the MLR? Is that something you contemplate in your 22 outlook also?
Drew Asher: Not so much in terms of Medicare Advantage. Thats  if you look at the Delta COVID, the Delta COVID impact in the quarter, because the high vaccination rate of seniors. Actually the peak in Medicare Advantage was actually below the January, whereas Medicaid and marketplace were above that January peak. So, I would look for more steadiness in Medicare Advantage. We expect to grow that business. And then as I have stated, I think at the June Investor Day and on the Q2 call, that becomes a margin expansion opportunity for 23 and 24 as we can impact those bids, looking at those future calendar years.
Michael Neidorff: Yes. I dont want to cast everybody. We dont want to get too far ahead of ourselves. These are the kinds of things we will have to talk about at our Investor Day. And we will have much more clarity, we would hope  over the next couple of months, we can give you some really good information for your models.
Gary Taylor: Well, I was going to ask about 2024 guidance next, but I guess I wont because?
Michael Neidorff: Thank you for not asking because I wont say the same thing again.
Gary Taylor: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question today comes from George Hill with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
George Hill: Hi, good morning guys and I appreciate you taking the question. I guess one, I wanted to follow-up on Rickys questions about the PBM RFP. And I dont know if you would be willing to frame any kind of sense of magnitude around the savings opportunity, the margin expansion opportunity that you see there. Thats question one. And then I guess, just a very quick follow-up for Drew, would just be the free cash flow performance in the quarter. It was great, Drew. I guess do you just see this as kind of a catch-up, or can you talk about maybe whats sustainable here, or if there is kind of to be a free cash flow reversion swing below net income that we should look forward to?
Drew Asher: Yes. On the PBM RFP, we have stated a number of times, we have got well over $30 billion in pharmacy spend across our products. And obviously, thats grown as the business grows. And you are right to point out, and actually if you look at our slides from the conference in September, its certainly one of the value creation opportunities with sort of a stair-step benefit 01/01/24, despite the fact that every year we push on pharmacy costs and do market checks to improve the performance of the business. So, we will have to wait and go through that process to see the value.
Michael Neidorff: Yes. And when you look at the combined basis, the scale of our PBM purchases, the drug purchases.
Sarah London: Yes. And I would just add, and again, I think we will go through this in great detail in December. But when you think about potential savings, its not just from that RFP process, right, its also the fact that we are streamlining in terms of a vendor partner that we are rationalizing non-core platforms, which will result in SG&A savings. We have got operating model opportunities there that we will go through and then a lot of process automation opportunities within the PBM space. So, when you think about the value that the PBM work can drive to the value creation program, its  I think it obviously is inclusive of the RFP, but it goes beyond that.
Drew Asher: And then on the cash flow statement  sorry, go ahead.
George Hill: I wanted to jump in with a quick PBM follow-up, then to maybe phrase it in a different way. I say besides cost, what other factors are going to be important to you guys as you think about the process on the RFP?
Drew Asher: Well, quality is always at the top of the list. Execution, the complexity of operating sort of a complex customer such as Centene, I mean thats pretty critical as well.
George Hill: Thank you.
Drew Asher: And then on cash  sorry I am going to the cash flow question. The cash flow obviously is driven by changes in the balance sheet. And so there are some things on the balance sheet represented by that three-day increase in DCP that will be paid out in the future. So, you have to take that into consideration when you take a look at our cash flow statement.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Michael Neidorff for any closing remarks.
Michael Neidorff: Thank you. Yes, I have  a member of the team here has indicated I misspoke when I said we are going to be dropping the Board from 9 to 13. That number is actually 9 to 11, down from the current 13, which is at 12 now. So, I wanted to clarify that. So, I thank the people for  we look forward to our Investor Day in December when we can answer more of the questions with more detail and certainty. And stay healthy, and have a good quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, sir. This concludes todays conference call. We thank you all for attending todays presentation. You may now disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-27 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Centene Corporation Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note todays event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Michael Neidorff, Chairman, CEO and President. Please go ahead, sir.
Jennifer Gilligan: This is Jen. Thank you, Rocco and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us on our second quarter 2021 earnings results conference call. Michael Neidorff, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and Drew Asher, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Centene, will host this mornings call, which also can be accessed through our website at centene.com. Any remarks that Centene may make about future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for the purpose of the Safe Harbor provision under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by those forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in Centenes most recent Form 10-Q filed today and the Form 10-K dated February 22, 2021 and other public SEC filings, including the risks and uncertainties described with respect to the potential impacts of COVID-19 on our business and results of operations. Centene anticipates that subsequent events and developments may cause its estimates to change. While the company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. The call will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of these measures with the most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our second quarter 2021 press release, which is available on the companys website under the Investors section. Additionally, please mark your calendars for our third quarter earnings conference call to be held on Tuesday, October 26. With that, I would like to turn the call over to our Chairman, President and CEO, Michael Neidorff.
Michael Neidorff: Thank you, Jennifer. Good morning and thank you for joining Centenes second quarter earnings call. You have heard me say, we make decisions based on the facts as they are today. And today, with the continued rise in the highly virulent Delta strain of COVID-19, I must open our call with similar comments to those made this time last year. The environment has changed again in just the last week or so and the Delta variant is causing a new wave of pandemic. Its a pandemic of the unvaccinated. According to a leading epidemiologist, our team has been working with for the past 18 plus months, the Delta variant has 1,260 times greater concentration in respiratory material than the original variant. An individual infected with the Delta strain can spread the virus to an average of 5 to 8 individuals, up from an average of 2.4 individuals from the original strain. 83% of the COVID cases today in the U.S. are Delta, up from 10% just a month ago. Hospitalizations are up 57% in the last month. The deaths have increased by 19% in the last week alone. And importantly, 97% of people currently hospitalized for COVID-19 are unvaccinated and 99.5% of the COVID-related deaths are among the unvaccinated. Our additional concern because of the high concentration in respiratory droplets, this variance seems to be transmissible or transmissible among children and is more dangerous than the original virus. It is clear that one of the issues we must address is vaccine hesitancy to stop the transmission of this virus and to protect those who cannot safely receive the inoculation, including young children. The variant is real and we are taking it very seriously. You have seen us execute strongly throughout the pandemic and that will not change, especially as it remains clear that the pandemic is not over and the environment could remain choppy for the balance of the year. Turning to our second quarter performance, results met our expectations and were consistent with the update we provided in mid-June. We generated revenue of $31 billion, an increase of 12% compared to the year ago quarter. Adjusted diluted earnings per share was $1.25 versus $2.40 last year. As a reminder, last years utilization rate in the second quarter was significantly lower as a result of the pandemic. We ended the quarter with membership of 25.4 million as several tailwinds we have previously discussed remain in place. These include the suspension of redetermination, which we expect will continue into 2022 and we are aware of recessions extending beyond that into 2023. We continue to participate in an active RFP pipeline. In addition, we are pleased that the Missouri Supreme Court unanimously upheld the will of the people and their Medicaid will be expanded in Missouri. We have been preparing for expansion for months and are fully prepared to bring healthcare access to hundreds of thousands of citizens here in our home state of Missouri. Additionally, yesterday, North Carolina announced the winners of the Tailored Health Plan awards. We are pleased that our provider led entity, Carolina Complete Health with the North Carolina Medical Society, was selected to work with two of the LMEs and our health plan, WellCare of North Carolina was selected to work with three of them. In Medicare, we delivered another quarter of healthy growth with membership growing approximately 25% since the beginning of the year. In addition, preparations are well underway for open enrollment beginning this fall. In marketplace, we added a net 110,000 lives since the beginning of the year. While typically, we would have lost members during this period. This represents 6% growth. To this point, Medicaid and Medicare are performing very well and are continuing to normalize in line with our expectations. We talked last month about the dynamics in the Marketplace business, where we are witnessing continuing COVID-related costs and increased non-COVID utilization, which we believe is still largely driven by some pent-up demand. Drew will provide additional details on non-COVID utilization. Although this is impacting our margins in the short-term, we continue to view this environment as transitory, driven by the various dynamics of the pandemic. Importantly, where possible, these trends have been factored into our pricing and strategy for 2022. Overall, we remain confident in the long-term opportunity of our Marketplace business. We expect to continue to offer a competitive product and to be in a strong position as the leading provider. And as you look at the healthy growth across our portfolio today, you can see we have the size, scale and strength to continue to execute on our objectives. With the first half of the year behind us, we are maintaining our full year 2021 adjusted EPS. This reflects the underlying strength of our business and our demonstrated ability to manage through a dynamic environment. We will continue to provide you transparent updates as the second half of the year unfolds. We remain focused on our business and we continue to make progress against the margin expansion goals we outlined last month. While we are at the beginning of this process, I am encouraged to see strong alignment across our enterprise and initial traction towards these goals as Drew will discuss. We are also making progress on the Magellan acquisition and remain on track to close on the deal in the second half of 2021, having received Justice Department approval, an approval in all, but one state. Before I hand the call over to Drew to discuss our results in more detail, I would like to reiterate a few points that I touched on today. First, the Delta wave of the COVID-19 pandemic is creating a new set of dynamics, particularly for the unvaccinated. We are taking this very seriously and watching the short-term impact on our business. As a healthcare company, our absolute priority is to ensure our members, employees and communities are healthy and we are making every effort to provide our members and workforce with opportunities to receive the COVID-19 vaccine. We have made outreach phone calls to nearly 9.5 million members to support them at accessing the vaccine, created PSAs that will air on 150 TV stations across the country and directly participated in over 80 vaccination events. In addition, our teams have formed innovative partnerships with organizations, including NASCAR, the Pro Football Hall of Fame, Walmart, Lyft and the White House to increase awareness and accessibility of the vaccine. We also continue to evaluate when we can safely return to in-person work and are ensuring that our office return-to-work timeline gives employees sufficient time to receive the COVID-19 vaccine. I want to make you aware that this still may not be enough. And if we do not effectively manage the strain, the next one could be even worse and there may be a need for vaccination requirement implementation by government and industry. As we have done for the past 1.5 years, we will continue to manage through the dynamic landscape and we will provide you with transparent updates based on the information as we see and know it. Our size and scale enable us to navigate an evolving environment as we pursue growth and most importantly, margin expansion. Together with our margin expansion goals, our capital allocation priorities discussed at our June investor event remain in place. Thank you for your continued interest and support of Centene. I will now hand the call over to Drew.
Drew Asher: Thank you, Michael. This morning, we reported second quarter 2021 results of $31 billion in revenue an increase of 12% compared to the second quarter of 2020 and adjusted diluted earnings per share of $1.25. Before I get into the Q2 earnings drivers and insights, lets start with revenue. Total revenue grew by $3.3 billion compared to the second quarter of 2020 due to Medicaid membership growth resulting from the ongoing suspension of eligibility re-determinations, strong membership growth in the Medicare business, and our late 2020 acquisition of PANTHER. Total membership increased to 25.4 million, up 3% compared to a year ago. While I will touch on all of our major business lines, the primary topic to cover for the quarter and the full year outlook is the Marketplace business. Recall, we gave an update at our June Investor Day regarding a few of the negative drivers in April and May for this line of business. Our Q2 consolidated HBR was 88.3%, which was higher than our expectation driven by the Marketplace business. Let me provide an update on the three Marketplace pressure points we covered at Investor Day. Number one, as a reminder, we incurred a $175 million or $0.22 headwind compared to our prior expectations in the second quarter related to the 2020 risk adjustment year. For the 2021 risk adjustment year, we received Wakely data in June and it was largely consistent with our expectations of shifting from being in a large payable position for 2020 to a slight receivable position for 2021. Number two, COVID costs. We previously provided insight that while COVID costs were falling from Q1, they were still higher on an absolute basis from what we had forecasted in April and May. We saw the COVID costs continue to decline in June, consistent with our expectation, but we will be watching external trends closely as COVID costs could reverse course and increase based upon macro COVID trends, as Michael indicated. Number three, pent-up demand. As previously disclosed, March and April Marketplace results were impacted by a broad return to the doctors office in the outpatient setting, after which we saw a slight utilization downtick in May. We had expected a continued downdraft in June and the remainder of the year. Instead, June Marketplace medical costs trended higher compared to May. We now expect pent-up demand to subside at a slower rate in the back half of 2021. The activity is in the area of outpatient services for continuing members as well as members who are new to us in 2021, with a higher cost per claim due to mix of services as these member cohorts access healthcare. And though our SCP members only represent 20% of our membership, we are also seeing higher non-COVID related inpatient utilization for this cohort who now has access to healthcare due to the expanded SCP rules. We expect these recently added SCP members to return to expected levels of utilization after initially accessing services. Our team has isolated the heavier utilizing cohorts through our real-time data and is taking action, where possible, including a slate of clinical initiatives designed to improve quality and curb trend. However, we do expect a higher HBR in Marketplace to drive the consolidated 2021 HBR, as we will cover in a minute, since some of the deferred demand will just have to work its way through the system during 2021. The remainder of our business as a whole performed consistent with our expectations in Q2. In Medicaid, we are seeing strong performance and a steady march toward normalized utilization, with this benefit largely offset by state rate actions and risk corridors. In Q1, we disclosed $550 million of such actions for 2021. This annual view increased in Q2 to $675 million. In Medicare Advantage, we continue to grow during the year, and we see a similar trend towards normal utilization. We have grown membership organically 25% since December 31, 2020. Moving to other P&L and balance sheet items, our adjusted SG&A expense ratio was 7.7% in the second quarter compared to 8.5% last year and 8.1% in the first quarter of 2021. The adjusted SG&A expense ratio benefited from lower short-term variable compensation costs and the leveraging of expenses over higher revenues due to increased Medicaid membership and recent acquisitions. This was partially offset by increased sales and marketing costs as a result of the Marketplace SCP and growth in Medicare. Let me go deeper into the first item since its important for you to understand drivers. Think of the HBR pressure caused by our Marketplace business and our short-term variable compensation as somewhat offsetting toggles. Youll also see this in our full year guidance elements. If the deferred demand bubble in Marketplace causes us to land toward the high end of our consolidated HBR guidance range, we would be toward the low end of our SG&A range because of a reduction in our short-term incentive plan for 2021. Think of this as a potential 35 basis point swing in those metrics. On the other hand, if pent-up demand and high new member utilization settles quickly and we come in toward the bottom of our HBR range, we would incur typical short-term incentives, which would have a corresponding effect of putting us toward the top of our SG&A range, and the outcome could be in between those bookend scenarios. While we recognize the current challenges in Marketplace, we have implemented a slate of mitigating initiatives, including operational, clinical and available pricing actions. Current performance does not change our perspective as we look out to our long-term margin goals. Continuing on highlights of the quarter, cash flow provided by operations was $1.7 billion in the second quarter, primarily driven by net earnings before the legal settlement reserve, which is expected to be paid in future periods. We continue to maintain a strong liquidity position of $1.1 billion of unregulated cash on our balance sheet at quarter end. Approximately $700 million of that was deployed on July 1, as we completed the acquisition of the remainder of Circle Health. Recall, we acquired 40% of Circle in 2019 and 2020 with the intention to subsequently acquire the remaining portion. Circle is a very well-positioned and leading ambulatory surgery center business in the UK and comes with a strong management team. We expect Circle to be above our company-targeted adjusted net income margin by 2023. Debt at quarter end was $16.8 billion. Our debt-to-cap ratio was 38.9%, excluding our non-recourse debt. Our medical claims liability totaled $12.8 billion at quarter end and represents 48 days in claims payable compared to 49 in Q1. DCP was mechanically impacted by the timing of state-directed payments. We updated a few of the 2021 guidance elements based upon what weve seen through the second quarter and for the items we just discussed. While we are maintaining the same wide adjusted EPS range of $5.05 to $5.35, you will notice some changes in the underlying metrics, including higher revenue from continued growth in Medicare and Marketplace; delayed state pharmacy carve-outs; higher state pass-throughs of approximately $1 billion and a continued suspension of redeterminations; a higher HBR range, as we just discussed, solely due to our Marketplace business; a lower SG&A range due to the potential reduction of the short-term incentive plan, depending on how Marketplace pent-up demand plays out. But in addition, we are also getting some leverage on the higher revenue base. Overall, this continues to be a relatively wide range as we referenced at Investor Day, given the choppiness in our Marketplace product. We still have 6 months of the year to play out, especially with varying scenarios around the subsidence of pent-up demand and the unknowns with COVID. The guidance continues to exclude Magellan. It excludes our recent Magellan financing and Circle Health. We are determined to execute on our multiyear value-creation plan laid out at the recent Investor Day and achieve our long-term adjusted net income margin target of at least 3.3%. We have launched a formal program internally, encompassing all aspects of the organization marching in unison toward pulling the necessary levers to achieve the value-creation plan. We have developed some of these muscles over the past couple of years, such as the Centene Forward program for discrete initiatives, our HBR office for clinical quality and cost initiatives and the integration skills from past large acquisitions. As I said at Investor Day, this journey wont be a straight line, and the fruits of our labor are expected to show up more so in 2023 and 2024 than in 2022. But we know how to do this, and we are committed on taking the actions to deliver value creation to shareholders. What matters most is pulling the levers in the next 12 to 18 months to bear fruit in 2023 and 2024. Our balance sheet remains strong, and we expect it to strengthen even further as we improve margins and generate cash flow. Thank you for your interest. Operator, you may now open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Todays first question comes from Justin Lake of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Justin Lake: Thanks. Good morning. Appreciate all the detail. Wanted to touch on two questions, one, Drew, at the Investor Day, you talked about EPS probably seemed to indicate you expected EPS to be closer to the low end of the range. Can you  of the  from a  from the $5.05 to $5.35. Can you reconfirm whether thats kind of the expectation for the second quarter? And then can you talk to where the exchange margin profitability? I remember youve taken down the targets there. But where is the profitability coming out this year and do you expect to get back to normalized exchange profitability next year? Thanks.
Drew Asher: Yes. Thanks, Justin. So at Investor Day, youre right, we revised the long-term pretax margin to 5% to 7.5% for the Marketplace business. And that is unchanged even with a little bit of choppiness in the near-term. I cant give you an exact date when were going to get there and stay there. But were below that now, obviously, with the pressure that we outlined in Q2 and some of the pent-up demand. And then with respect to the guidance range, Id say my comments are the same from Investor Day. We kept the range wide for a reason. And there is clearly paths to get into that guidance range. So we maintain that despite some of the pressure that we outlined for Q2.
Michael Neidorff: And I might just add that  My focus upfront is were going through what could be another real surge in pandemic. And so to try and call it, recognizing that which way it could go will have an impact, and we will see how it plays out. But its something we have to be very cognizant of.
Justin Lake: Understood. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Josh Raskin of Nephron Research. Please go ahead.
Josh Raskin: Thanks. Good morning. So I know we spoke a little bit about this at the Investor Day, but what gives you the confidence that these HICS costs are just pent-up demand issues, right and not new members coming through the SCP or even old members that are using higher levels of services now that they understand the benefits? And maybe you could help us what types of services were running above expectations, types of procedures, etcetera. And then lastly, I think last quarter, you talked  I think it was at the Investor Day, you talked about this could potentially positively impact the risk adjustment. So I wonder if there is any offset there.
Michael Neidorff: Ill ask Drew to start, and then Brad, you might add to it?
Drew Asher: Okay. Lets start with risk adjustment. Like I said in the prepared remarks, the Wakely data, thats a third-party actuarial firm that aggregates for most carriers data came in. Thats date of service through April. That was consistent with our expectations, and that largely represents, Josh, the members that rolled into this year and incurred claims during the first 4 months. So thats consistent with our expectations. On the pent-up demand, certainly, its the nature of the services, the outpatient nature. Weve seen orthopedics, joint degeneration, unfortunately, some psychiatry and chemical dependency drivers in marketplace. And really, the outpatient pressure coming into a little bit in March and then April and May, and then it popped in June. The SCP members, I think I mentioned this in my script as well, were seeing them access inpatient services and then quickly  while its early, quickly returning to a more normalized utilization. Its early, so were tracking that, and were sort of managing this in those four cohorts.
Josh Raskin: Got it. Do you know, Drew, if these members came from other plans or if these were coming from different segments, Medicaid or uninsured, etcetera and Im just curious if those previously insured versus previously uninsured are acting differently?
Brent Layton: Josh, this is Brent Layton. In the new members that were seeing, the vast majority have been uninsured. There is been very few called switchers. So this has been uninsured. And Ill echo what Drew said because that is what were seeing in the separation and really of the utilization that he talked about.
Josh Raskin: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today comes from Kevin Fischbeck of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Kevin Fischbeck: Great, thanks. Maybe just to follow-up on this concept of pent-up demand, I mean its interesting because in general, it seems like the commercial utilization was less impacted during COVID than the other cohorts. Are you at all worried that it will be a similar potentially delayed type of pent-up demand in Medicaid and Medicare over the next 12 to 18 months? And if so, I guess, how are you treating that from a pricing perspective?
Michael Neidorff: I think Drew referred to before, where possible, we build it into pricing. But particularly in Medicaid, we have a younger population, and its mostly children. And to-date, they were not as affected, but the way to see with this new COVID as the Delta, but they have not been affected, so we dont see a lot of pent-up demand there. Medicare, once again, they have been a little more sensitive to getting to their position because of age and other health factors. So we dont see as much pent-up demand there as we have in the Marketplace, which had new members in it.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. And I guess as far as the Medicare days, you mentioned that the 6 75 of rate cuts, is that something thats temporary? Does that reverse next year? Or should we be thinking this as you can get to normalized margins even with this new lower rate outlook?
Michael Neidorff: Well, I think as Drew said, we anticipate returning to a normalized rate structure. I just want to add, all this has an overlay of what happens with this new Delta, which is so much more contagious than with the unvaccinated population, particularly. So I mean thats why we put the emphasis upfront. This could change how the whole dynamics of it, as we saw a year ago. So were going to continue to watch and monitor and manage through it as we have historically.
Kevin Fischbeck: Thanks.
Michael Neidorff: Thank you.
Operator: And the next question today comes from A.J. Rice at Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
A.J. Rice: Thanks. Hi everybody. I guess two things. One, I think in the prepared remarks, you mentioned that there is a possibility that redeterminations, holiday get extended into 2022. I know at the Investor Day, you gave a guidance range for  on revenues for 2022, your current expectations. Would the delay in redeterminations materially impact that revenue outlook if indeed that happened? And then the other thing I was going to just ask about is, as youre talking about this variation, and because of the Delta variant, on your risk corridors on the Medicaid side, are you well into those now so that if there is a little variation in utilization, its not going to really matter because youre sort of already at a point where youve given back to the state or those risk corridors not really lengthy to provide much protection in the back half of the year?
Michael Neidorff: I think there is  first, let me do with the redetermination. We just gave you some insight as to what some discussions are taking place. And I think the time to talk about the revenue and how it may or may not be impacted will be at the end of the year when we see where they are. And Im just trying to give people an insight that these are things that it could be a tailwind, but we have to wait and see. On the risk adjusted, some of them are starting to drop off, and Drew can probably give you more detail on that.
Drew Asher: Sure, A.J. Yes, youre right. In some states, we are into the risk corridors, even the standard ones or the minimum MBR depending on state-by-state, which youre right, that would give us a cover for increased costs, but not everywhere. Its sort of a mixed bag across our portfolio.
A.J. Rice: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today comes from Matt Borsch with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Matt Borsch: Yes. Thank you. If I could just ask a question on the Marketplace dynamics, so if you look at the medical costs, and forgive me if you mentioned this, but can you give us a pickup of how much is COVID, direct COVID care and how much is everything else? And maybe how that compares this quarter to what you saw previously?
Drew Asher: Ill take that one, Michael.
Michael Neidorff: Go ahead.
Drew Asher: So COVID, the COVID costs going back to April and May, we had budgeted or we had forecast some, but it was on an absolute basis higher. And then with our revised view coming out of Investor Day, the June number continued to fall on an absolute basis, and it was sort of right on our forecast. So COVID really wasnt  while that pushed us based on our Investor Day discussion, there is really no major change in our view on that. Obviously, the elephant in the room is what happens going forward with the Delta strain, as Michael covered. Thats a much smaller component relative to sort of non-COVID utilization, whether its the outpatient utilization on the majority of our block or the inpatient utilization on sort of the 20% SCP membership.
Matt Borsch: So for now, this is all that pent-up demand really? I mean it could be about COVID if  depending on how things develop. But for now, its not a pent-up demand?
Drew Asher: Correct.
Michael Neidorff: And I think I want to add one thing. I think you heard Drew talk about the cost for claim. Some of that pent-up demand is where individuals delayed services. And we see that in cancer treatments and diagnosis. So, there is a little higher acuity. But once again, these are transitory things and not something that we see as fundamental and something will continue. And thats the COVID really spikes again and people end up not going to hospital and doctors as we historically saw. So, there are unknowns out there. Hence, some of the caution or more cautious approach we are taking until it becomes clearer.
Matt Borsch: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ricky Goldwasser: Yes. Hi, good morning. So, with Delta impacting the non-vaccinated population, do you have a sense of what percent of your membership are vaccinated?
Michael Neidorff: Boy, its  I want to say the last I saw was somewhere around 50%.
Ricky Goldwasser: Okay. So, when we should think about kind of the risk there, we should think 50% of the membership and then as we think about
Michael Neidorff: Now remember, let me back up, a lot of them are children who are not eligibly vaccinated. So, I mean the Medicaid is women and children. And so I need to clarify that.
Ricky Goldwasser: So should we think about the 50% as 50% of eligible population and then you have the children?
Michael Neidorff: No, thats total, including the children.
Ricky Goldwasser: Okay, great. And then just when we think about sort of the Delta variant, from what you have experienced to-date and you are seeing, any sense of how to compare the hospitalization rates versus what we have seen earlier in COVID? And really, as we think about kind of like your HBR assumption, are you assuming that members might refrain from going back to core utilization because of that Delta risk, but then the expenses that are related to COVID are lower than what we have seen at the beginning of this year or end of 2020, just trying to understand the dynamic?
Michael Neidorff: I think  I know I think the answer is its not clear, and thats what we are trying to say. Thats  those are things we are going to continue to monitor. We can assure we can manage through COVID-type issues. And so we have that positive feeling of in terms of our ability to deal with it, but we wanted investors to understand that it is out there. Its not business as usual as everybody had hoped. We wish everybody was vaccinated. And we now see that even those who were not as forceful and encouraging are now moving to it. And so I think what  always we want people to understand is COVID is not over. And I think for us, I think its just business as usual. I think that will be a mistake. Now, I am not saying its going to necessarily impacted the point that our guidance changes, but we just maintained it, as I said in my prepared remarks, while we monitor it, keep you informed, how it unfolds and the impact it has on not just us, but everybody. I mean, its just how we return to work. We see them reinstating masks things of that nature. So, its a variable.
Ricky Goldwasser: Thank you.
Michael Neidorff: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Stephen Baxter of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Stephen Baxter: Hey, good morning. Thanks for the question. Just wanted to ask another one in exchanges, just hoping you can help a little bit with quantification as we can kind of think about what that means for your pricing next year. I guess how much higher was core medical costs relative to baseline in Q2? Like how does that compare for the special enrollment population? And I guess then what does that mean for the non-SCP membership? Thanks.
Michael Neidorff: Drew?
Drew Asher: Sure. As I said at Investor Day, you might recall that with what we saw through April and May, we were able to reflect that in pricing. So literally, during those months, came in, made some adjustments to pricing, meaning pushed pricing to reflect what we thought would continue into 2022. Recall, we expect a lot of this to sort of settle out during 2021. Its just during which month in 2021 is the question. With what we saw in June, we did have about half of our marketplace bids and pricing open for various reasons, and we could make judgments on what we wanted to change, if anything, and the other half, though are sort of submitted and baked.
Stephen Baxter: Anything that you can add on just sort of on a relative basis, like what Q2 was versus what you might have priced for, is it 1% higher, is it 3% higher, anything like that?
Drew Asher: Yes. I mean, given the competitive nature of the marketplace and the fact that none of thats public, I think we will keep our pricing decisions close to the best.
Stephen Baxter: Got it. Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Lance Wilkes with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Lance Wilkes: Yes. Just two more Delta variant sort of questions, first one is on redetermination suspension. And just kind of if you can give some color into the mechanisms that could cause delay or push out that at a State or Federal level? And then the second was just any further color on July utilization in outpatient and invasion. If you are seeing anything thats reflective of people slowing down use as a result of mask mandates or Delta?
Michael Neidorff: Yes. I want to be careful now when we are talking about July, its still early. And while we have good data in that, we dont get ahead of ourselves on that one. But as it relates to the Delta and your concern there, its real, but we dont know to what extent people are going to use the  their good senses and do what they can to protect against it. And so we have to kind of  thats why we are calling it out to say its a variable, and its a less predictable variable, particularly when you look at the intensity of it, and its so much stronger than the original. And the bad part is that we are trying to tell everybody who listen that if we dont deal with this effectively and get vaccinated and the things that prevent it, the next one is even worse, our epidemiologists were telling us. So, this is something that continues to progress. And its not just the Centene population. Its everyone in total. So, thats why we are calling it out. We want to keep it in front of people, so that everybody is aware that we are dealing with it. We are doing the PSAs. We are doing everything we can to get people vaccinated, we  the phone calls, the robo calls and everything else. So, its not where you stand, but where you are moving in and we are working hard to be preemptive in it.
Lance Wilkes: Redeterminations, is that just an extension of public health emergency that would be
Michael Neidorff: Yes. I am sorry. I was trying to  yes, you are right. Thats where we determine where we are with the COVID. It will just be an extension of it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today comes from Scott Fidel with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Scott Fidel: Hi. Thank you. Good morning everyone. First question, just wanted to go back to HICS again and just on the 2022 pricing strategy and couple of interesting dynamics in the HICS market because it looks like utilization is certainly pretty hot in the market, but there is also some competitors out there, including some of these newer public companies that are pricing very aggressively and dont seem to have the same type of margin targets that some of the more established companies traditionally have had in the market. So, I am interested if you are going to approach 2022 pricing really sort of based on actual expected cost trends and you are willing to sacrifice memberships, if necessary to do that. With the risk adjustment, do you feel that, that would be able to protect you against potential adverse selection that could occur? Traditionally, when we think about a company pricing conservatively well, there is a pricing aggressively, there are some concerns around adverse selection. Just interested if you are comfortable that risk adjustment could help offset that type of traditional risk?
Michael Neidorff: Yes. I will take that one. I think, one, I am not going into a great deal of detail on 2022 because thats  we save that for December. I think what Drew tried to cover was that we did take into consideration to the extent we could, and as we always do and where positively, we took some steps. I will say the same thing that I said last year, and it proved to be an appropriate way to do it. And we are not going to do any races to the bottom because if you are losing on every member, you dont make it up on volume. And so we are very sensitive to that particular approach. And we do believe that the risk adjusted, thats what its there for. So, somebody rushes in and they get adversely selected against because of it, then that will provide protection for those that have the higher acuity patients. So, I think thats about as much as we can say about it for now. But we are going to continue to stay the course, which we think we have demonstrated is the appropriate course.
Scott Fidel: Okay. And then I just had a follow-up on  just interested if you have had any updates just on the Ohio situation and on the contract renewal just post the PBM legal settlement with the state.
Michael Neidorff: Yes. We continue to be very optimistic on it and expect a resolution in the very near future. They wanted some additional data, which we have had. Our consultants provide them, and they are analyzing that. And as we said, with the settlement and the no harm and all court cases, we moved everything. There is no reason for them not to reinstitute our bid. We did come in number two. And so I am very optimistic on it.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Mike Newshel with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Mike Newshel: Thanks. So, CMS recently proposed a monthly special enrollment period on exchanges, but just for people below 150% of the poverty level. I am just wondering if you are expecting any meaningful impact on your exchange business since you do focus on lower income and then both from like an enrollment and revenue perspective and also any potential adverse selection problems for margin?
Michael Neidorff: Go ahead, Kevin.
Kevin Counihan: Sure. Yes. Thanks for the question. First of all, as you know that, that is a proposed policy change as you underscored, and we are in the comment period right now. So, I think it may be just a bit premature to say that this is going to be policy. We do have some concerns about this with respect to potential adverse selection, particularly since there were some states where the APTC is not going to fully cover the cost of the premium. And in that instance, there is that risk of that for selection. We think there are ways to ameliorate that in pricing, as Drew has acknowledged. And so we will see how CMS ends up ruling.
Michael Neidorff: I think that would be particularly adverse selection and for those that have the very low prices pushing to gain membership on pricing.
Kevin Counihan: Yes, thats true.
Operator: Thank you. And todays final question comes from George Hill at Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
George Hill: Hey, good morning guys and thanks for taking the questions. I guess, Michael, just as you look forward to the closing of the Magellan transaction, I guess can you talk about how you are thinking about the PBM business and the pharmacy business, both as it relates to the government businesses that you serve now and the opportunity to maybe enter some of the non-government businesses?
Michael Neidorff: Yes. I think I will ask Sarah to respond that. She is close to it of working through it.
Sarah London: Yes. Thanks for the question. We have been making really good progress on our integration planning. And as we said at Investor Day, we are focused on the restructuring of our involved pharmacy business to focus on member services and clinical operations and relying on an external PBM. And so the goal is to position Magellan, as we have said before, within healthcare enterprises, where it will remain independent and focus on its third-party business. So, I think you should expect an update from us once we get through that transaction and how we are specifically thinking about the Magellan Rx business.
George Hill: Maybe then as a quick follow-up, I guess could you talk about how you feel about the segments competitiveness ex the government business?
Sarah London: Sorry. Can you repeat the question, if you dont mind?
George Hill: I said just like how do you guys feel like you will be positioned competitively once the transaction closes ex-supporting the government business?
Sarah London: Well, we think the Magellan PBM business has a lot of opportunity for growth. We also think there is really interesting synergies relative to our existing specialty pharmacy assets with their portfolio. So, thats been the major focus of the integration planning.
George Hill: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Neidorff for closing remarks.
Michael Neidorff: I just want to thank you all, and we will continue to focus on our margin expansion and our capital allocations, as we have talked about, while managing through what could be a difficult pandemic, but I would think we have what it takes to get through it. So, we look forward to it, and we maintain an optimistic attitude. So, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you, sir. This concludes todays conference call. We thank you all for attending todays presentation. You may now disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-27 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Centene Corporation First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there'll be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Jennifer Gilligan, Senior Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Jennifer Gilligan: Thank you, Rocco, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on our first quarter 2021 earnings results conference call. Michael Neidorff, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jeff Schwaneke, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Centene, will host this morning's call, which also can be accessed through our website at centene.com. Any remarks that Centene may make about future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for the purpose of the Safe Harbor provision under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by those forward-looking statements, as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in Centene's most recent Form 10-Q filed today, and the Form 10-K dated February 22, 2021, and other public SEC filings, including the risks and uncertainties described with respect to the potential impacts of COVID-19 on our business and results of operation. Centene anticipates that subsequent events and developments may cause its estimates to change. While the company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. The call will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of these measures with the most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our first quarter 2021 press release, which is available on the company's website under the Investors section. Additionally, please mark your calendars for our upcoming Investor Day to be held virtually on June 16, 2021. With that, I would like to turn the call over to our Chairman, President and CEO, Michael Neidorff. Michael?
Michael Neidorff: Thank you, Jennifer. Good morning and thank you for joining Centene's first quarter earnings call. Today -- on the call today, I will review our first quarter performance, provide an update on our markets and products, and discuss how we are positioned to sustain our momentum in the ongoing pandemic environment. While we have made great progress in working our way out of the pandemic, nationally, as we have seen recently, it is not yet over. We are off to a strong start in 2021, with solid revenue and earnings growth. It was a good quarter. Our teams continue to execute well, generating revenue of $30 billion, an increase of 15% compared to the first quarter of 2020. Membership was $25.1 million at the quarter end. This represents an increase of $1.3 million compared to the year ago quarter. Adjusted diluted earnings per share of $1.63 compared to $0.86 in the prior year quarter, representing an increase of 90%. Overall, we are pleased with our first quarter performance and the trajectory of our business. And today, we are updating our full year guidance. This is primarily driven by several tailwinds. These include first, continued Medicaid membership growth, amid suspended eligibility redeterminations. Our current guidance anticipates the suspension continuing to at least August 1, based on the fact that is renewed 90 days at a time. Second, the marketplace special enrollment period, which I will discuss in more detail shortly. And third, the hold on the Medicare sequestration. Our results to date also reflect a decrease in normal utilization, offset by COVID-19 expenses and stake recoupment of premiums, which Jeff will provide additional detail on shortly. As we have done throughout pandemic, we continue to monitor the headwinds and tailwinds, we anticipate will impact our operating landscape for the remainder of the year and possibly into 2022. Consistent with past quarters, I will provide you with updates based on the facts as we know them today. When taken together, we believe the essence of these factors to be positive. Anticipated tailwinds include, continued lower than normal utilization. Overall, the first quarter was lower compared to the prior quarter, although we saw an increase in non-COVID utilization in our marketplace business. While the trajectory of utilization depends on the pandemic and remains uncertain, we continue to expect utilization to come in below historical averages during the second quarter, with the potential for some normalization starting to occur in the second half of the year. Other key profitable tailwinds we see include; potential for continued growth resulting in higher-than-anticipated membership in our marketplace business from the special enrollment period, and a probable extension of the Medicaid eligibility redetermination suspension beyond August and through the end of the year, possibly into the beginning of 2022. As a potential headwind, we continue to monitor additional state rate adjustments. For 2021, we anticipate a $550 million revenue impact of state revenue actions and rate actions. Jeff will provide some additional color on this shortly. But I will share that we have seen only one action in the first quarter of the year. And we are not currently aware of any additional planned adjustments or quarters. In fact, some quarters may -- we believe may be allowed to expire. To reiterate, overall, as we see them today, we believe these factors balance in our favor. As we conclude the first quarter of 2021, we are pleased with our ability to drive significant growth and our updated guidance reflects the strength of our business through the year. We also remain vigilant that this is a year with unique drivers, including the suspension of Medicaid eligibility redeterminations and the marketplace special enrollment period, which we cannot be certain will continue throughout all of 2022. Consistent with prior years, at our June Investor Day, we will provide an update on these factors in 2022. We recognize a lot of factors as we see them today, balance to the positive, the outlook remains fluid, independent on the prevalent policy landscape. The strength of our diversified business is apparent across our product portfolio. In our Medicaid business, we continue to participate in an active RFP pipeline. We successfully renewed our contract in Hawaii at the end of March. And North Carolina and Oklahoma both remain on track to go live later this year. For 2021, we continue to expect a composite rate adjustment of 1.7%, consistent with our initial guidance. Our Medicare business delivered continued growth. Medicare grew by over $1 billion year-over-year in the first quarter, representing growth of 41% and demonstrating the strength of the platform and our ability to leverage our national scale going forward. In our marketplace business, we are pleased to be operating in a supportive environment. The administration continues to invest in the product. And just last week, announced an additional $80 million for navigators to boost enrollment. Based on data released by CMS, Centene is a clear leader in new enrollment on the federal exchange. And since the beginning of the year, we have enrolled over 320,000 new members in our market case product. We believe these results demonstrate the strength of our strategy to provide consistent quality care and not to participate in a price-related race to the bottom with narrow network coverage. I will remind you that now networks often encourage out-of-network utilization, which tends to be uncontrolled and expensive. We see opportunity to further grow with the enhanced advanced premium tax credits that took effect April 1. The impact of which we believe will encourage consumers to prioritize quality, consistent -- consistency and experience over premium loan. Moving ahead, we intend to maintain and consider building additional products around this strategy. On the technology front, we're making meaningful progress to advance our capabilities to provide high-quality integrated care for our members. We look forward to providing you more details on our unique technology strategy at our Investors Day in June. We continue to advance towards the completion of the Magellan Health acquisition and remain on track to close the transaction early in the second half of 2021. The Hart-Scott-Rodino waiting period expired in mid-March, and we're working diligently towards obtaining the necessary state approvals. Our integration planning efforts are in full swing, and we are enthusiastic about the combination, which will enable us to expand access to special care and nurture -- to specialty care and nurture a fully integrated model across behavioral and physical health. I will remind you that Magellan will be part of our Healthcare Enterprise portfolio, which will allow them to maintain independent and serve third-party customers. I would like to take a moment to comment on the situation in Ohio. We are still an active RFP process, where we finished second out of 11 bidders, according to a scoring summary released by the Ohio Department of Medicaid. Regarding the legal and regulatory landscape, Centene has been clear that we maintain the claims to be unfounded. For additional information about our position on this matter, I want to direct you to our website for links to our court filings. We look forward to answering any questions from our governmental partners regarding this issue and remain committed to the highest levels of quality and transparency and how we serve our state partners. Before I close, I'd like to talk about Centene's role in COVID-19 vaccine distribution. Over the past few months, our data and care management teams have worked tirelessly to identify members at the highest list for COVID-19 and provide those individuals with personalized and culturally sensitive outreach. In addition, we have partnered with Lyft to support individuals with transportation to vaccine appointments. And with the Gold Jackets of the pro football hall of fame, with whom we have had an ongoing partnership, we created PSA's focus on increasing awareness about the safety and efficacy of COVID vaccines. This type of innovative work is happening across the organization, and I want to recognize and thank our employees for their unwavering commitment and dedication. In closing, we started the year strong and look forward to carrying this positive momentum through the remainder of 2021 as we experience a supportive environment in expanding access to care. We continue to see long-term opportunities to drive growth in our top and bottom line and enhance margins as we provide the highest level of care to our members at the lowest cost. I look forward to seeing all of you, albeit virtually at our investor event on June 16th. Thank you for your continued interest in Centene. I'll now hand the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Schwaneke: Thank you, Michael, and good morning, everyone. This morning, we reported first quarter 2021 results and what was a good start to the year. First quarter revenues were $30 billion, an increase of 15% compared to the first quarter of 2020, and adjusted diluted earnings per share was $1.63, compared to $0.86 last year. As a result of the strong first quarter performance, we increased our full year 2021 adjusted EPS guidance by $0.05 per share to a range of $5.05 to $5.35. I will provide further comments related to our updated financial guidance shortly. First, let me provide additional details for the first quarter. Total revenues grew by $4 billion over the first quarter of 2020 due to a full quarter of contribution from WellCare and the ongoing suspension of Medicaid Eligibility Redeterminations, partially offset by an overall decrease in marketplace membership, state rate and risk-sharing actions and the repeal of the health insurer fee in 2021. Our marketplace membership decline in the quarter was less significant than previously expected as a result of membership gains achieved during the special enrollment period. Total membership increased to 25.1 million in the quarter, up 5% compared to a year ago. Since the pandemic began in March of 2020, we have added a total of two million Medicaid members. Our HBR was 86.8% in the first quarter, compared to 88% in the first quarter of 2020. The HBR benefited from lower overall medical utilization trends due to COVID pandemic and lower costs associated with the flu. This was partially offset by COVID-related costs, state risk-sharing mechanisms and higher COVID and traditional utilization in the marketplace business. Our adjusted selling, general and administrative expense ratio was 8.1% in the first quarter this year compared to 8.6% last year and 9.7% in the fourth quarter of 2020. The adjusted SG&A expense ratio benefited from the ongoing suspension of Medicaid eligibility redeterminations and the leveraging of expenses over higher revenues due to recent acquisitions. Cash flow provided by operations was $43 million in the first quarter. The lower operating cash flow for the quarter was primarily driven by a delay in premium payments of $910 million from the state of New York due to the end of their fiscal year, which was collected in April. We continue to maintain a strong liquidity position of $369 million of unregulated cash in our balance sheet at quarter end, debt at quarter end was $16.8 billion, which includes $152 million of borrowings on our revolving credit facility. Our debt-to-capital ratio was 38.5%, excluding our non-recourse debt, compared to 39% in the fourth quarter of 2020. Our debt-to-capital ratio was 38% when netting our unregulated cash with our debt at quarter end, which represents a 90 basis point decrease since March of 2020. Our medical claims liability totaled $12.8 billion at quarter end and represents 49 days in claims payable, compared to 51 days in the fourth quarter of 2020. DCP was impacted by the timing of medical and pharmacy claim payments. We are making excellent progress toward the closure of Magellan, and we remain comfortable with our previously communicated accretion targets. Over the last several months, we have gained increased visibility into a number of important factors and have included those items in our updated 2021 financial guidance. These factors specifically include the ongoing suspension of Medicaid eligibility redeterminations through August 1. The delay in the California pharmacy carve out until July 1, and the delay in the New York pharmacy carve out through year-end 2022. The new business win in Oklahoma with an assumed go-live date of October 1, expected marketplace membership gains through the special enrollment period, Medicare membership fee schedule increase and sequestration delay and updated expectations of state rate and risk-sharing mechanisms. These changes increased our total revenue guidance for the year by $4 billion at the midpoint to be within a range of $120.1 million and $122.1 billion. Our HBR guidance increased by 50 basis points at the midpoint due to the mix of items, such as the Medicare fee schedule, increased state risk-sharing mechanisms and Medicaid growth, which all carry a higher HBR. Taken all together, this has an overall neutral effect to earnings, and the dynamics are consistent with the headwinds and tailwinds we provided on our fourth quarter earnings call. Additionally, as I highlighted earlier, we have increased our adjusted diluted EPS guidance for the full year at the midpoint by $0.05, reflecting our strong first quarter performance. Let me highlight some more details on some of these items. We now expect Medicare Advantage enrollment growth to exceed 20% in 2021. This strong growth demonstrates the value of the WellCare acquisition, provides positive momentum for the organization to build off of, as we formulate our bids for Medicare Advantage in 2022. As Michael mentioned, marketplace enrollment expectations for 2021 are better than our previous estimates. As the special enrollment period provides Centene with an opportunity to reach many more eligible consumers. This strong growth demonstrates our organizational commitment to leadership in this product. We continue to view marketplace as a long-term growth opportunity for Centene. We have increased our estimate for state rate and risk-sharing mechanisms from our previous guidance to $550 million for 2021. In the first quarter, the state of New York implemented a risk corridor retroactive to April 1, 2020, that increased our payback by $40 million. At this time, we are not aware of any new corridors or retroactive rates and the increase in our full year estimate reflects the performance of risk mitigation programs enacted last year. As Michael noted, we continue to monitor utilization. During the first quarter, we saw overall utilization that continues to be below the historical baseline and also slightly lower than the fourth quarter of 2020. COVID inpatient admissions and costs peaked in January and decreased throughout the quarter. We continue to see a diverging pattern of COVID and non-COVID utilization. The updated financial guidance reflects typical utilization that remains below the historical baseline during the first half of 2021, continuing to trend to normalized levels by the end of the year. COVID utilization, including testing and treatment costs are expected to partially offset the impact of lower traditional utilization. The duration and intensity of higher COVID costs will be impacted by the trajectory of the pandemic and vaccination rates. Finally, as Michael discussed, we continue to monitor some additional factors that are not in our updated guidance today. They include the potential for the additional SEP membership gains in marketplace above our expectations driven by the enhanced advanced premium tax credits. The potential for Medicaid Redeterminations to be extended beyond August 1st, any additional state rate and risk-sharing actions and the uncertainty associated with both COVID and traditional medical utilization for the remainder of the year. We believe these additional factors represent a net tailwind to the company for the remainder of 2021. The seasonality of our earnings remains unchanged with approximately 60% in the first half of the year. I'll close by reiterating our confidence in the strength of our business, our balance sheet remains strong, and we believe we have ample liquidity to meet our operational and strategic needs. We remain focused on executing against our strategic plans and are committed to delivering shareholder value. That concludes my remarks, and operator, you may now open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Today's first question comes from Josh Raskin with Nephron Research. Please go ahead.
Josh Raskin: Thanks. Good morning.
Michael Neidorff: Good morning.
Josh Raskin: I think I'm still trying to -- good morning, Michael. I'm still trying to process an Investor Day on a Wednesday, not a Friday. So I'm a little off. My real question is Medicare revenues 41% in the quarter. I know some of that was anniversarying of WellCare. But MA lives were up 19% sequentially. It sounds like the outlook for the year closer to 20%. So that's up from previous expectations. So can you break out how much of that revenue growth was organic in the quarter? Maybe a sense of what revenues will do this year? And where are you seeing that success in terms of geographies and products from competitors or fee-for-service?
Michael Neidorff: Yes, I'll start off. We -- I think the growth is very balanced across our various markets. There's no one market contributing. We've been expanding into new markets very successfully. And as we have -- as we said, when we went into the WellCare deal, we felt that they had some competencies in this area that we could build on. We also have a national presence as a total Centene Corporation. And so we've just been building out it organically basically. It is -- there's some -- obviously, you take some from competition and just -- some of it is just from the fee-for-service. But it's very balanced across all the potential elements we grow. There's no one contributing more than another.
Josh Raskin: And just as a follow-up, I know the stars has been a big focus, and you guys are looking for improvement. Should we think about 2022 is an improvement here and not necessarily looking for another 20% growth here? But just in terms of positioning and margin, et cetera, do you feel like sort of better results, better competitive positioning going forward as well?
Michael Neidorff: Yes. I think -- well, first of all, I'm going put a number on the growth until June. But I like significant growth. I think people know it. So we -- we'll be working against that. Relative to the stars, we were within a few basis points last year, being at 4 stars and we have very aggressive programs. And as you know, it takes time to achieve that. They look -- it's a one or two-year look back. So on the stars front, we can -- we believe, we'll continue to make progress on it. And we tell the Medicare people, it's not just 4 Stars, but 4.5 and beyond. So we're reaching for the stars, so to speak. And so, it's very balanced in that way, Josh.
Josh Raskin: Perfect. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Kevin Fischbeck: Great. Thanks. Just wanted to see how to think about the guidance and how much we should be thinking about as being a good base. First, we're thinking about future growth. It sounds like most of the revenue guide is one-time in nature. Is that fair? I guess, you're waiting for the Oklahoma contract, but most of the other things, whether it's sequestration or redeterminations or maybe even a special enrollment period, might be things that we wouldn't necessarily flow through to the future year. And I guess, similar type question, but on MLR. It sounds like some of the MLR guidance is on items that are happening this year, but maybe you wouldn't expect to be in the baseline for next year, just how do we think about those two dynamics?
Michael Neidorff: Yes. And Kevin, I'll start. I -- we'll give you more guidance in June at our Investor Day, which is our practice, particularly on the top line. These are unusual years. We think that the redetermination will continue throughout the balance of the year, but we'll report a quarter -- 90 days at a time, as the federal government does it. And that's in the interest of being reasonably conservative. So we're being cautious there. Marketplace, where we've demonstrated this past quarter, with the growth that we've had, that we are the leader in the field and are in a very strong position to continue that growth. And we're going to continue it through the balance of this year, as we see it. And we see some upside there. I think what's also important, as it relates to the redetermination. If they do drop off the redetermination, people who maybe lose Medicaid coverage could pick up the marketplace, because once again the cost structure is such with the tax allowances that they can do that without any cause. And so, I think, we're going to see -- I'm now hearing a bird somewhere in the background. I'm hearing.
Kevin Fischbeck: Yes.
Michael Neidorff: So, I think, we will see growth continue. But as we said, governmental policies do have something to play, and it is a fluid situation, and we work very well both sides, as we've talked about in the past. We're working with them now in various policies and approaches. And as that unfolds, I think, between now and June, I hope to have more insight than we do as to what it will mean for the balance of this year and going into 2022. The essence is positive.
Kevin Fischbeck: Maybe just a quick follow-up there. You mentioned that some rate corridor may expire. When would you get visibility on that?
Michael Neidorff: Pardon me. Just in terms of -- the states have just been not talking about adding to them what we have talked about -- the attitude is things seem to be stabilizing. And so I'm trying to give you a sense of where we are today and what we're seeing. And I'm not saying, which specific ones because it's who we are. We only had one adjustment this past quarter, which is a very positive sign. So once again, I'm trying to give you just some insight as we see it together.
Kevin Fischbeck: All right, great. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Justin Lake with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Justin Lake: Thanks. Good morning.
Michael Neidorff: Good morning.
Justin Lake: A couple of questions on the quarter. First, the PYD looked pretty strong relative to last year, I was wondering if you could parse out the impact that had on the quarter? And then you talked about the -- a little bit higher cost on the marketplace business. Any more color there you can give us in terms of what you're seeing there, any geographies? And then where margins end up for this year given that cost pressure? Thanks.
Michael Neidorff: Jeff, do you want to take those?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, sure, Justin. As we look at development, we obviously track this from quarter-to-quarter. We're looking for consistency, in our view it's very consistent with what we've seen in the past. Now you have to, obviously, account for the acquisition of WellCare, but roughly around that 1% range of prior year medical cost. So I would say nothing unusual on the development front from our perspective, which is, I think we've had a consistent practice over a long number of years. On the marketplace business, on the cost side, what we did see was just a little bit higher inpatient authorizations on COVID, specifically in January. And then a little higher non-inpatient, really just compared to our expectations. So it doesn't really change the margin profile for the year. I would just say a tad higher than versus what we had modeled in Q1.
Michael Neidorff: That could have a positive impact on this adjustment for us.
Jeff Schwaneke: That's right. The other thing we're tracking is the acuity of our membership. So -- and obviously, the SEP members as well. So that's all going to factor into the risk adjustment calculation. And that's relative to your competition, and the data on that doesn't come out until really the end of Q2, so more to come on that.
Justin Lake: Great. Thanks for the color.
Operator: And our next question today comes from A.J. Rice at Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
A.J. Rice: Thanks. Hi, everybody. I was interested in Michael's comments about the marketplace or the public exchanges and the narrow network competition. I think when you guys -- obviously, you've been a big leader there. The last few years, one of the secret sauces that we had was to approach it with a more limited network approach relative to some of the guys that came out as a traditional commercial product. Now it sounds like maybe some other competitors are leapfrogging and doing even more in that area. I'm wondering if you think about the membership and what's happening with the membership, I know it's a membership that's prone to switch, but it's not driven by premiums because there's a lot of subsidies. Is it mainly networks that are driving people to pick and choose on the exchanges in your view at this point? Are there other things that are factors in driving how people choose and the strategy involved to...?
Michael Neidorff: I think what's important is, we did see some significant pricing in the end of last year that cost us the membership. As we said, and that's because they had an now network, and we're able to do that. We opted not to join that race to the bottom and keep -- maintain our broader networks. But I'm going to ask Brent to oversee this business to pick it up. Brent?
Brent Layton: During the Special Enrollment Period, what we are seeing is really a focus on strong provider network, so not narrow networks. We're also seeing a commitment to customer service from enrollees. We're hearing this everywhere. That at the end of the day, people that left us in 2020, today in 2021, what they're finding is true commitment to a strong provider network and really focus on the customer. And that's really fueling our growth. When you have a supportive administration, you have a Special Enrollment Period that's now going for 180 days. You have the enhanced tax credits being implied on April 1. And really, at the same time, we really have a commitment to a strong distribution strategy. This is leading to our growth.
A.J. Rice: Okay. All right, thanks. Maybe just, Jeff, the 90-day PH, Public Health Emergency, if that were to get extended to year-end, what would that mean for you guys?
Jeff Schwaneke: I'll give you a little flavor on the membership. I think we expect our membership to peak roughly 2.2 members -- 2.2 million members since the pandemic began roughly in July. And if it got extended, we think that go up to 2.4 million [ph]; so we'd top out at 2.4 million [ph] before the end of the year.
A.J. Rice: Okay. All right, thanks a lot.
Michael Neidorff: What that really means is, we recouped what we -- we have recouped to date plus from what we lost in the last quarter of last year, and we see it continuing to grow significantly. Yes.
A.J. Rice: Thanks.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Matt Borsch with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Matt Borsch: Yes. Hi, good morning.
Michael Neidorff: Yes. Hi, good morning.
Matt Borsch: Maybe I could ask you to talk about the -- what you're seeing in terms of your profitability in Medicare Advantage? I'm asking the question just in the context of the impressive growth that you've shown there, but wondering if some of that has come at the expense of margin, and maybe that was planned.
Michael Neidorff: Well, we have not gotten specific by product line. I want to assure you, Matt, that everything we do, it will be driven by profit and with a view to expanding margins. And I think we have a clear-cut approach to it.
Matt Borsch: Okay.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. Matt, this is Jeff. A couple of things. Obviously, as Michael mentioned, it's a unique year. Well, we had the Medicare fee schedule cut. So that's not helping. And then obviously, we have a lot of room for margin expansion in the future years based on stars performance. So, I think as you look at this year in isolation, I would say, margin expansion opportunities going forward, primarily from eliminating the cut and then obviously, performing better on stars, which is one of the important tasks that we're focused on.
Matt Borsch: If I could ask a different question on the Medicaid redeterminations. If we get into that, whether it's later this year or at the beginning of 2022, has your thinking in terms of the impact changed at all versus maybe what we had discussed. I'm thinking back in the December Investor Day?
Michael Neidorff: Well, I think -- sort of, I think it's important to say, we're going to have a better view of that come the June Investor Day. I mean, that's typically what we talk about it. I did comment, though, that our position in the marketplace, that if there is redetermination, if people lose Medicaid coverage, we believe that we will be in a position to where they will flip into our marketplace because it's the same network and things of that nature, that would be a good incentive and their costs are subsidized. So I think that it's a matter of where that membership goes.
Matt Borsch: Got it, thank you.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Scott Fidel with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Scott Fidel: Hi, thanks. Good morning.
Michael Neidorff: Good morning.
Scott Fidel: First question, just would be interested if you have any clarity for us on what you're learning just about the New York rates being updated, if at all, just obviously, a lot of developments there in the New York budget more broadly after the art [ph] bill was passed, so interested if -- I know you guys called out the risk corridor, the retroactive one that was put in place, but any updates to like -- because I know there had been a 3% assumed caught previously in the budget, if you got an update on that? And then also just on the quality payments in New York as well, which I know has been a dynamic for you guys, just where things are trending there as well?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, Scott. This is Jeff. I mean I think it's just too early to tell. We don't necessarily -- when these things aren't finalized, they have a tendency to move late in the game, as we've seen in the past. And so I guess from my perspective, I would say it's just too early to tell where it's going to land. But we're comfortable, obviously, with what we have in the numbers for this year.
Scott Fidel: Okay. And then, just a follow-up question. I saw that you guys have your updated view in the revenue guidance on the start date of the carve-out of the Medical PBM contract. I know the state had announced that they were going to be conducting a review just around the Magellan acquisition and looking at some things. Just interested at this point, has that review concluded and you've now gotten visibility from the state, or is that still ongoing? And if there has been any feedback so far on any changes that the state would be requiring as part of the Magellan acquisition? Thanks.
Michael Neidorff: Sarah, do you want to make a comment on that? You worked hard.
Sarah London: Yes, happy to. Magellan is working very closely with DHCS and California Department leadership on a conflict avoidance plan that is still in process, but progressing well. We don't yet have clarity from the department on when the program would be kicked off, but we're hoping to have a sense within the next month or so of the resolution of that conflict as planned [ph].
Scott Fidel: Okay. So that stated, do you have in the updated revenue guidance that's just that sort of an estimate at this point. Okay, thanks.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ricky Goldwasser : Yes, hi, good morning. A question on the utilization and the acuity level. So Michael, you said that you are tracking acuity closely. What are you seeing to date in terms of the calculation that's coming back, what's the acuity levels on the core ex-COVID? And then, when we think about you're saying utilization is below baseline, I assume that relates to core utilization as well, but maybe you can give us a little bit more color on how it's trending per market? And do you think because you're now seeing sort of the mix towards more of an MA population that's impacting sort of utilization trends you're seeing versus Medicaid in the market?
Michael Neidorff: I think Jeff just comment that in the marketplace we saw some incremental increase in utilization when that's offset some in Medicaid. Jeff, why don't you tell the numbers?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, on the utilization front, a lot packed into that question, so I'm not sure I heard the final piece of that, but we really haven't seen a change in the acuity outside of our expectations. Specifically, just take the Marketplace business, we knew our acuity was going to change based on the open enrollment, and that's why we commented that we think our risk adjustment payable will go down substantially this year. So far, I would say we haven't seen any acuity change in our base membership other than what we've expected. So that I hope that answers part of your question. And if it doesn't, what was the second part?
Ricky Goldwasser: Yes. So to your point, no change in acuity versus your expectation. So to add in that, what is embedded into guidance by year-end, are you assuming unchanged acuity or higher acuity? And then the second part of the question was under-utilization, you said no change, I'm trying to understand how did look for the Medicare population versus Medicaid?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, two things. What I would say is, we know the acuity of the members we have, right. And we have projected that in our guidance, and if you go to our prepared remarks, what we've said is we expect utilization to stay below the historical baseline for the first half trending towards normal by the end of the year. So I hope that helps. And yes, there is a difference in behavior between, I would say, Medicaid marketplace and Medicare, the demographics of those members are extremely different from an age perspective. So there are different utilization patterns. But we obviously incorporate that into our guidance.
Operator: Next question today comes from Lance Wilkes with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Lance Wilkes: Yes, good morning. Could you talk a little bit about your long-term strategic growth outlook at this point? And in particular, I was interested in how do you look at your major priorities beyond Medicaid and marketplace and how much of the growth longer term do you think you're going to come from those areas like Medicare, Health Care Enterprise, or value based care? Thanks.
Michael Neidorff: I appreciate the question. I think we will get into more detail on 2022 growth, give you some sense of where it's coming from in June, which is our practice. We still see ourselves very much as a growth company. We see balanced growth and plus all the product lines, we demonstrated growth in Medicare. We've talked about that being a growth engine for us. We think marketplace will continue to be a growth engine, as well as Medicaid. We have a government in place now that believes that people should be insured. And so, we will work. Now, if we come up with the numbers for you that are reasonable, we will give you in June. But we see us growing across all our products and growing responsibly with expanding margins and containing costs and improving quality. So it's a balance that we're trying to strike and we have a couple of new products that we're working on, that I'm not going to talk about for confidentiality reasons.
Lance Wilkes: And just to clarify on the healthcare enterprise and some of the things with value-based care delivery that maybe you're doing in Florida or places like that, how material are they to growth prospects over the next one, two, three years?
Michael Neidorff: Well, I think it's going to see that those things put in place for long-term growth, and now we have some technology you're going to hear about at the June Investor Day that will drive growth and will drive demand for our products because of what it can do for the quality and as systems utilizing talk about the provider and recipients to light.
Lance Wilkes: Got it. And just to be clear, to put the technology, are those mainly drivers of the managed care business or do you think those are standalone enablement business, like kind of in line with Magellan supporting other health plans?
Michael Neidorff: No, I think what this is with the systems it's going to drive improvement in quality and reduce costs. So you have higher performance, quality standpoint, improved quality, but it's going to significantly reduce our costs.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Robert Jones of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Robert Jones: Great, thanks for the questions. Actually just wanted to go back to A.J's question about the competitive landscape, Michael, in the marketplace. You've mentioned a few times, obviously, end of last year that you saw some more competitive pricing behaviors from some of the players there. I was wondering if maybe during the special enrollment period, you've seen any of those competitors change behavior or continue with a more aggressive pricing strategy? And I think, within that, just curious how widespread has this been, is it really kind of contained to a state or two, or are you seeing it more broadly?
Michael Neidorff: So I think we will focus on ourselves and how we do things. As we said at the time, we're not going to join that race to the bottom, and we know that's not something we're going to do and it couldn't be sustained in my opinion. So what we've done is we maintain our network. We have the subsidies that are necessary. They have really taken price off the table in my opinion, where people will look at the quality of the service that Brent talked about, and that's what we're seeing the growth in return of membership to us, as well as the incremental new membership. And so, I think what we really focus on is how to continue to grow it, and I know your long time as online in consumer packaged goods. When you trying to go in against some ways, that's a clear leader in the marketplace, which we were earlier in a category, the only way you can hope to try and come in is on price. And so, I think we had a strategic positioning that the people everything membership land price in a COVID environment as we come out of it. As I think we've demonstrated in the first quarter of this year, we've recouped all we lost and then some, and we'll be giving you guidance in June, and it shows continued growth.
Robert Jones: Got it. That's helpful. And maybe just one quick follow-up, Jeff, I know at the Analyst Day, you talked about the cadence of earnings maybe being a little bit more front-half weighted, like 65%. Any updated thoughts, as you got one quarter under the belt now, as far as how you're seeing earnings play out for the year?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, yes, I think in a 60% percent front half would be where I would direct you to, and again, if you just think about the utilization kind of assumptions that we have, that gives you the reason why there is more earnings in the front half of the year.
Operator: And our next question today comes from George Hill with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
George Hill: Yes, good morning, and thanks for taking the questions. Jeff, just kind of a simple one, can you talk about the vaccine initiatives and the uptake that you're seeing in the managed Medicaid population? And then, my quick follow up would be, as I know that we've seen a continued suspension of the redeterminations, but we continue to see smatterings of press releases, as it relates to raising barriers to access like increased use of prior off and step that it's coming out of various states. I'm wondering if you're seeing this and is it having impact on utilization or might be too early to tell?
Jeff Schwaneke: So your first one was on the vaccine take-up rate, obviously part of what some of the initiatives that Michael had mentioned where we're trying to stratify our membership population for those that are most at risk, and trying to get the vaccination to them. I think some of the challenges we've had on the data side is that potential members could get vaccinations from alternative sites. So that's not within our ecosystem. But we are tracking that data as best we can, and trying to obviously get our high-risk members to get vaccinated. And the second question again, I didn't catch that last part?
George Hill: Yes, just re-subscribe grew like all the state Medicaid agency press release distribution lists, and we're starting to see a smattering of data flow around state agencies wanting to raise barriers to access, so reinstituting prior authorizations with care delivery reinstituting step edits, I'm just wondering if you're seeing any of this, if you expect it to impact utilization, will it be meaningful not seeing it? Any commentary on that.
Jeff Schwaneke: I'd say it's early, we haven't seen -- I'm not aware if we've seen anything at this point in time, and that's something that we'll obviously be continuing to watch.
Michael Neidorff: I want to add one thing about the vaccine. Well, our focus has really been with the goal jackets from the Hall of Fame and others is to help people that in our population that may be hesitant, for various historic reasons, to not take the vaccine, to say it's okay and having people that are well-respected in sports and other areas. We had Bob Costas way back doing a Public Service announcer wearing a mask. So it's a matter of getting people that are respected, encouraging, and providing an incentive. And what we're trying to really focus on is they're not doing this for themselves, but they're doing it for their loved ones. They're doing it for their parents, children, spouses, other members of the family. And what's really important is just encouraging. So that's why we spent a lot of time, energy and work with government officials to try and demonstrate that we're being responsible in that area.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to the management team for any final remarks.
Michael Neidorff: We thank you and we look forward to Investor Day in the second quarter as I said earlier. I believe we have the momentum to continue the positive impact we'll have in the marketplace. So stay safe everybody. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you Sir, this concludes today's conference call. We thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-09 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Centene Corporation Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2020 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note, today's event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jennifer Gilligan, Senior Vice President, Finance and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Jennifer Gilligan: Thank you, Rocco, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on our fourth quarter and full year 2020 earnings results conference call. Michael Neidorff, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jeff Schwaneke, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Centene will host this morning's call, which also can be accessed through our website at centene.com. Any remarks that Centene may make about future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for the purpose of the Safe Harbor provision under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by those forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in Centene's most recent Form 10-Q filed in October and Form 10-K -- and our previously filed Form 10-K and other public SEC filings, including the risks and uncertainties described with respect to the potential impacts of COVID-19 on our business and results of operations. Centene anticipates that subsequent events and developments may cause its estimates to change. While the Company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. The call will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of these measures with the most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our fourth quarter 2020 press release, which is available on the Company's website at centene.com under the Investors section. Additionally, please mark your calendars for our upcoming first quarter 2021 earnings results call on April 27, 2021. With that, I would like to turn the call over to our Chairman, President and CEO, Michael Neidorff. Michael?
Michael Neidorff: Thank you, Jennifer. Thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining us. Personally, and on behalf of the corporation, I'm very pleased with the results we delivered in 2020. Early in 2020, we stated that the year would be choppy, and it was. We also told you that Centene would manage through the crisis we face, care for our stakeholders and emerge stronger for it, and we did. In 2020, we added over 10 million members, representing growth of 67%. We delivered full-year revenue of $111 billion, representing 49% growth and adjusted diluted earnings per share of $5, up 13% over the prior year. Importantly, we continued to invest in the foundational strength of our enterprise and create long-term pathways for growth. Turning now to 2021. While we continue to operate in a pandemic environment, we intend to demonstrate the same transparency and agility we did during this past year. Last night, we filed an 8-K announcing that the Board has authorized up to $1 billion of stock repurchase. This includes the unspent portion of the previous authorizations. Our capital deployment priorities include providing new subsidiaries, such as Oklahoma, with risk-based capital, reducing debt to further enhance our bond ratings, and facilitating value-creation through M&A. The repurchase will be done under a 10b5, with accretion being the key criteria. Our 2020 (sic) [2021] financial guidance now includes PANTHERx. One month into the first quarter, our view of 2021 remains largely consistent with what we shared at our December Investor Day, and we are reiterating our adjusted EPS guidance of $5 to $5.30. We are not changing our EPS guidance at this time, but in the spirit of our continued commitment to transparency, we want to provide the head and tailwinds impacting our operational landscape. Among the key potential headwinds, additional state rate actions due to COVID-related reductions in utilization, beyond the $400 million we've already incorporated. We will remind you that CMS has not approved the previously submitted rate actions. However, as we have said, we have built them into our guidance and cash flows. And CMS maintains that rate actions must be actuarially sound. The potential for higher than anticipated overall COVID-related costs is the second headwind. And third, a Medicare physician fee schedule update. Continued membership growth, talking about the tailwinds, continued membership growth as a result of the extension of the Medicaid redetermination suspension. I will note that CMS has indicated they will likely extend the public health emergency through the end of the year. Lower utilization trends in the first half of the year beyond our current projections is another tailwind. Further, the potential for a meaningful increase to the FMAP, which is unlikely to be in the COVID bill but will be part of subsequent reconciliation bills, and the marketplace special enrollment period, beginning next week. We anticipate the impact of the fee schedule to be approximately $200 million, which is expected to be largely offset by the redetermination tailwind. The other head and tailwinds are difficult to quantify with certainty at this point in time. But taken together, we expect they will tend or trend to the positive. And with a new administration in place, the government's approach to additional pandemic measures may change, and we may see a more supportive environment for expansion of care. With one month under our belt, much remains in motion, and any attempt to update guidance would lack precision. We anticipate being in a better position and that it would be more appropriate position to update our guidance at our first quarter earnings call. During 2021, we intend to further leverage the foundation that we have established in recent years and have set the stage for our next decade of growth and value creation, which will be measured by increasing margins. We will continue to drive growth from our position as a leader in government-sponsored health care through product and geographic expansion. We are pleased to have been selected for two statewide managed care contracts in Oklahoma, including a sole source contract in foster care, both of which the state expects to start in October. In addition, we expect continued growth in our Medicare as we leverage our national scale. We have established in this business over the long-term, and short to medium term. We expect to deliver above-market growth with significant additional opportunities for value creation. To meet our margin expectations and expansion objectives and ensure organizational efficiency, we are also focusing on leveraging our size and scale to unlock the value inherent across our broader whole health platform. To that end, we have today announced an organizational restructuring initiative that will include a reduction in workforce of approximately 3,000 employees and the elimination of 1,500 open positions. Overall, this represents a workforce reduction of roughly 6%. Please note that the elimination of the 1,500 positions was accounted for at our December Investor Day. The reductions are primarily in areas where we have significant overlap from acquisitions and where we have opportunities to leverage our size and scale for increased efficiency. Importantly, we remain focused on innovation, growth and agility, and we are continuing to invest in people and systems that align with key areas of growth for the Company. As we look out over the next decade, we will continue to lead the industry by providing the highest level of care at the lowest cost to meet the evolving needs of our members, especially those with complex care requirements. We are transforming our health care model and making material advancements in our technology capabilities. Behavioral health is one of the most underserved areas in the population today. And through the planned addition of Magellan, we are investing in our specialty care capabilities while also focusing on improved integration of behavioral and physical health, resulting in better patient outcomes at lower costs. I'm pleased to note that we are making strong progress on the regulatory process for the Magellan acquisition and filed all the required Form As within days of announcing the deal. We have also filed necessary papers for Hart-Scott-Rodino approval with the Department of Justice. Another area of focus is pharmacy, which represents a large and significant market opportunity. Our growing specialty pharmacy platform will provide enhanced insight into the specialty pharma pipeline, clinical requirements and cost management opportunities. Importantly, it will also drive additional opportunities for patient engagement, better adherence rates and ultimately, improved outcomes. We're also cementing the organizational structure of our Healthcare Enterprise platform, which is creating an environment to foster the revolutionary change that is overdue in our healthcare system. For example, Apixio and Interpreta are collaborating on a comprehensive predictive infrastructure that will serve as a foundation for future innovation. All of this, combined with our performance in 2020, the strength and scale of our diversified Healthcare Enterprise and our strong execution provides me and should provide you with great confidence in our outlook and ability to deliver any opportunities ahead. I also want to thank our employees who continue to move this Company forward, while always remaining focused on serving our members. And we look forward to welcoming them back into our offices. With that, I'll turn it over to Jeff.
Jeff Schwaneke: Thank you, Michael, and good morning, everyone. This morning, we reported fourth quarter and full year 2020 results that were in line with our expectations at Investor Day, reflecting solid execution during an extraordinary year. Fourth quarter revenues were $28.3 billion, an increase of 50% over the fourth quarter of 2019 and adjusted diluted earnings per share was $0.46 compared to $0.73 last year. I will start my comments this morning by providing a more in-depth review of the fourth quarter results, then I will offer an update around our financial outlook for 2021. Our updated guidance now includes PANTHERx, which closed at the end of 2020. Now, some fourth quarter details. Total revenues grew by $9.4 billion over the fourth quarter of 2019 due to the acquisition of WellCare and growth in the Medicaid and Health Insurance Marketplace business. This growth also includes the impact from the suspension of Medicaid eligibility redeterminations and the reinstatement of the health insurer fee in 2020, partially offset by the divestiture of our Illinois health plan and retroactive state premium rate adjustments and risk sharing mechanisms. Total membership increased to 25.5 million in the quarter, up 67% compared to a year ago. Since the pandemic began in March, we have added a total of 1.7 million Medicaid members, slightly higher than the 1.6 million members anticipated at our Investor Day in December. Our HBR, or health benefits ratio, was 88.4% in the fourth quarter, consistent with last year's fourth quarter. Compared to the fourth quarter of 2019, the HBR benefited from lower medical utilization trends due to the COVID pandemic and the reinstatement of the health insurer fee, offset by retroactive state premium rate adjustments and risk sharing mechanisms and higher testing and treatment costs associated with COVID, particularly in the marketplace business. Within the marketplace business, we experienced an increase in testing and treatment costs related to COVID, specifically in regions where infection rates sharply increased during December. As a result of the increased COVID costs, our marketplace business performed slightly below our targeted pretax margin range of 5% to 10% for the full year. We expect our marketplace business to return to the targeted margins in 2021, reflecting our continued pricing discipline. Through year-end 2020, we paid approximately $3.6 billion associated with COVID claims. This compares to the $2 billion we discussed on our third quarter call. Our full year figure applies consistent methodology and includes all of the COVID-related claims codes consistent with CDC guidelines. Our adjusted selling, general and administrative expense ratio was 9.7% in the fourth quarter this year compared to 9.5% last year and 8.9% in the third quarter of 2020. The year-over-year increase was due to enhanced growth and profitability initiatives for our Medicare and Health Insurance Marketplace business as we reinvested the risk corridor payment that we received in the third quarter. This was partially offset by the leveraging of expenses over higher revenues as a result of the WellCare transaction. Cash flow provided by operations was approximately $3 billion in the fourth quarter, impacted by the timing of certain state payments and an increase in payables related to the risk sharing mechanisms. We continued to maintain a strong liquidity position of $1 billion of unregulated cash on our balance sheet at quarter end. Unregulated cash included approximately $500 million of items that are expected to reverse in early 2021. Debt at quarter end was $16.8 billion, which includes $97 million of borrowings on our revolving credit facility. Our debt-to-capital ratio was 39%, excluding our nonrecourse debt, compared to 39.1% in the third quarter of 2020. Our debt-to-capital ratio was 37.5% when netting our unregulated cash with our debt at quarter end, which represents a 140 basis-point decrease since March. As Michael mentioned earlier, our capital allocation priorities remain unchanged, with focus on funding of organic growth, value creation through M&A, and leverage reduction. We will be opportunistic with share repurchases with accretion being the key criteria. Our medical claims liability totaled $12.4 billion at quarter end and represents 51 days in claims payable compared to 52 days in the third quarter of 2020. DCP was impacted by the timing of state directed payments. The WellCare integration continues to be on track, and we remain comfortable with our synergy capture efforts in 2021. While it is still early, we are making excellent progress toward the closure of Magellan. As Michael noted earlier, we have filed all the applicable regulatory approval documents, and we continue to have constructive dialogue around integration planning. Turning now to our 2021 expectations. As I mentioned at the beginning of my prepared remarks, we are updating guidance to include the acquisition of PANTHERx, which closed at the end of December 2020. This adjusted two of our guidance metrics for 2021 as follows: First, our total revenues increased at the midpoint by $2 billion, which is consistent with what we communicated at our Investor Day; and second, our SG&A ratio decreases by 20 basis points at the midpoint, reflecting PANTHER's low administrative cost ratio. Additionally, while not part of our formal guidance metrics, the cost of service ratio is expected to increase by approximately 200 basis points, driven by PANTHERx being included in service revenue and cost of services. At this point, we have not included the impact of winning the two Oklahoma contracts into our guidance. The two contracts are estimated to begin October 1st, which would potentially add $250 million to our 2021 total revenue. For the full year, we now expect our revenue to be within a range of $116.1 billion and $118.1 billion. We continue to expect mid-teens percentage Medicare Advantage enrollment in 2021 This strong growth underscores the rationale for the WellCare transaction, as well as the effective integration efforts that have taken place over the last 12 months in the pandemic conditions. Marketplace enrollment results were slightly better than our previous projection, as both retention and effectuation rates were higher than anticipated. We continue to view marketplace as a long-term growth opportunity for Centene, which will drive our product development and positioning with the experience we have gained as the industry leader. Additionally, we continue to expect typical utilization to remain below the historical baseline during the first half of 2021. We're turning to normalized levels in the second half of the year. COVID utilization is expected to be elevated during the early part of the year, particularly offsetting the impact of lower traditional utilization. The duration and intensity of higher COVID costs will be impacted by the trajectory of the pandemic and vaccination rates. Finally, we have lowered our GAAP EPS guidance range by $0.14 at the midpoint. This is due to the inclusion of the estimated intangible amortization of PANTHERx and an additional charge related to the workforce reduction Michael previously mentioned. We intend to invest these savings into important growth and strategic initiatives, including investment for the upcoming special enrollment period as well as automation and technology development and incremental start-up costs associated with the Oklahoma contract. Taking all of these factors into account, our adjusted diluted earnings per share guidance remains unchanged at $5 to $5.30. As Michael highlighted, there are various potential headwinds and tailwinds for 2021 that we have not included in our guidance today as many of the items remain uncertain and difficult to quantify. Utilization and COVID expenses, in particular, are highly dependent on the trajectory of the pandemic, and we'll continue to provide investors with timely updates. I'll close by reiterating our confidence in the strength of our business. We're pleased with the significant growth we achieved in 2020. Our balance sheet remains strong. And we believe we have ample liquidity to meet our operational and strategic needs. We remain focused on executing against our strategic plans and are committed to delivering shareholder value. With that, I will now turn it back to Michael.
Michael Neidorff: We're going to deviate a little bit today from the standard call. We have Jon Dinesman available. And last night, the Ways and Means committee provided information on things they're thinking about relative to strengthening the uninsured and bringing them into the market. So, I'm going to ask Jon to take a minute and just highlight the key factors they go out. And Jon heads up our Washington office and hes a very-respected Government Relations individual in Washington. Jon, if you would?
Jon Dinesman: Thank you, Michael. As you mentioned, yesterday, the House Ways and Means Committee released their COVID relief package. We are pleased to see that they included substantial increases in ACA premiums for those in need. For 2021 and 2022, it provides for an enhanced advanced premium tax credit for those making between 133% to 400% of the federal poverty level. Another key provision relates to those that are unemployed. They will be eligible to receive advanced premium tax credit and will be treated like they are at the 133% federal poverty level for the remainder of 2021. It will be important to get greater detail as the COVID package moves forward. But, we are pleased to see them wanting to leverage the ACA for those most impacted by the pandemic. And Michael, with that, I will kick it back to you.
Michael Neidorff: Thank you, Jon. Operator, we can now open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Today's first question comes from Josh Raskin with Nephron Research. Please go ahead.
Joshua Raskin: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. So, if I look at the numbers, you finished 2020 with an adjusted net margin of a little bit under 3%. And I think you actually mentioned in your prepared comments about margin expansion in the future. So I was wondering if you could give us sort of longer term goals and sort of as you think about your mix of business with the addition of PANTHER and some of the other acquisitions in the healthcare services side that tends to run a little bit higher. I'm just curious, where you think that net margin ultimately can go to? I'm not thinking about 2021, but more sort of two, three years out?
Michael Neidorff: Yes. We've talked about -- we said pretax, we'd like to be in the 3% to 5% range. We also said we want to see our increases be very sustainable. So, I'm not looking for big swings where we jump up to 5.5 and then back down and prior period adjustments and all the things that occur in that environment. And so, we're looking at 3% to 5% on a very sustainable basis. Equally important is our continued diversification of our business, which really unlike -- a lot like individuals that invest in our Company, have diversified portfolios. We are in the government services area. But, as we diversify with -- and move more and more into the pharmaceutical and others, some margins may be less, some greater, but on balance, Josh, 3% to 5% is the goal on a very sustainable basis. And I think we'll see margins increasing again this year.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Kevin Fischbeck with BOA. Please go ahead.
Kevin Fischbeck: I just wanted to go back to the headwinds and tailwinds. It wasn't 100% clear to me whether these were things that you guys explicitly included in your guidance or saying that they were kind of [Technical Difficulty]
Michael Neidorff: You're breaking up a little bit, Kevin. I think, I heard you saying you want to understand what the headwinds and tailwinds were and were they included in our guidance. And what we said is that -- what I've said is those -- we commented a couple were, but on balance, we have not adjusted our guidance for them. It's just too early. We have one month of experience. And as you just heard, the environment is changing. And to the positive, that's why I said that we see that when you take the headwinds and the tailwinds, the tendency or the trend is to the positive. But, until we have more definition, and it's difficult to prop from one point, you can't. So, we said that we have one month under our belt. These are where -- this is where it stands. Here are the headwinds. But, there's a lot of tailwinds to offset and there's strong tailwinds. So, we're encouraged by that. We're encouraged by what Ways and Means put out. Now, that may not be the final form, but it shows the direction they're leading. So, while they're not in the guidance, I want to be clear on that. We found it important for transparency for people to understand these are the things we should be evaluating.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay, great. And maybe just one clarification. On the FMAP relief, if you guys -- if states got more FMAP, would that potentially improve your rates, or does that just give you better visibility into rates being actually sound?
Michael Neidorff: Well, I think both. In other words, with the FMAP, the -- what the states can do on -- and they're looking at expansion, as you just heard and other things of that nature, is to give the state some relief. And I think it will minimize the need to try and pull back rates. So, on balance, it's a good thing for us. But I want to emphasize that when we hear the states are adjusting risk corridors or they're trying to pull money back, it's because they see the utilizations down. And so, they see that as a reason to do it and to offset it. So, there's a balance there. FMAP will just give them more comfort and help them cover the additional employees. Brian, [ph] is there anything you'd add to that? No? Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question today comes from A.J. Rice of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
A.J. Rice: Just to maybe go to -- talk a little bit about the marketplace and some of the developments there. First of all, make sure I understand. I think Jeff's saying that you ended up a little below your target margin range of 5% to 10% in 2020 and attributed most of that to the COVID situation. Did you see materially different utilization patterns, COVID, non-COVID in the marketplace versus your traditional Medicaid population and the Medicare population? And then, maybe just to ask you to comment a little bit about the open enrollment dynamic that Biden administration is putting in place. Do we see that as garnering significant incremental enrollment? Is there any risk of adverse selection because they're reopening it? Just your thoughts on how that's going to play out? It sounds like you're generally positive about it.
Michael Neidorff: I'll take the second part of the question and let Jeff pick up on the differences in the utilization. We see it as a positive. I mean, there's 9 million people they estimate that are uninsured. And we want to remind you that it's not all marketplace. A lot of these individuals will qualify for Medicaid. And as we saw last year, that was a positive. The FMAP gives the states the funding they need to cover those employees, which is additional positive, as well as adding additional SSI and other coverages that we've seen states doing. So, we see that as essentially a potential significant positive for us. As it relates to the marketplace, we'll see some -- we see increases in people coming in there. I'm not going to -- I don't have any basis to say we'll see adverse selection on it. I think, we've -- we have programs in place to attract a balance, but we're not trying to just acquire -- to attract just the well and the young. We're in the business to attract a good mix, a combination, which states and the federal government recognizes us for. So, I think on balance, it's going to be a very good thing for us. But Jeff, do you want to talk about the difference in this?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, sure. Thanks, A.J. On the first part of the question, yes, it was more acute in the marketplace business, specifically in the inpatient side with the COVID authorizations, and it was a little bit different. I think, some of that's driven by the demographics. You have to remember in the marketplace business, over 90% of that population are adults, whereas in the Medicaid side, it's -- there's a lot of kids in there. So, it was more acute in the marketplace and it pulled us down right below our 5% to 10% range, at the end of the year.
A.J. Rice: Okay. Maybe to just kind of ask on the comment that was made about the package, they're passing COVID relief. Is that going to cover people in the coverage gap in the non-expansion states? Is that part of what they're going after? I know that's a couple of million people, or is it too early to tell whether they will address that and this relief package?
Michael Neidorff: I think, they -- we know that the administration wants to bring uninsured in, okay? And they're very committed to it. But, I asked Jon to speak. Its just fresh off the press. And we haven't had a chance to study it to the depths we like to. So, I guess, A.J., we're going to wait and give you more definition as it unfolds. But, the essence of it is as positive.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Justin Lake with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Justin Lake: I wanted to ask about fourth quarter utilization. And I know it's early into January, but anything you could share with us on utilization and how those retro rates and rebates kind of looked in the fourth quarter versus what you expected? It looked like your MLR was a little higher. And then, specifically, was there something in New York -- one of your peers mentioned the New York retro cut that happened very late in the fourth quarter. Anything you could tell us on that one that might have affected Q4 would be helpful as well. Thanks.
Michael Neidorff: I'll start out and just -- and then I'll let Jeff pick up on the others. But, I think what's really important -- and thanks for giving me a chance to say this. So, when you look at the kind of year it's been with the COVID and the peaks and how strong the peaks are and the geographic diversity of it were very strong, I think it's very difficult to evaluate, very minute changes in MLR, product by product, business by business. And so, I just -- I want to encourage everyone to look at the most broad things that you know, they came in within a more than acceptable range for the environment in which we're in. I consider it really well done. But, I'll let Jeff speak to your specifics.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. Real quick on that, Justin. So, it's really been the same phenomenon for the year that we've seen. So, in the fourth quarter, I would say total utilization is below the historical trend line. So, obviously, higher COVID costs but lower traditional utilization. And in the fourth quarter, you remember at our Investor Day, we estimated the full year state risk sharing mechanisms would be $790 million. We ended the year roughly at $1 billion. And effectively, that was offset by lower utilization during the quarter. Now, I'll just give you some details on that $1 billion. A piece of that was New York. We had an estimate in for New York, but we didn't have any details on it. We got those details in January. And then, there were some other smaller states, but half of the difference -- you went from $790 million to $1 billion, half of that difference is really related to, I would say, true-up of estimates and normal performance of existing corridor programs that were already in place.
Justin Lake: Okay. Does that educate us all into -- versus the $400 million?
Jeff Schwaneke: Say that again?
Justin Lake: Does that educate us at all into that $400 million, given that it was another $200 million higher than you thought for the end of the year?
Jeff Schwaneke: Again, I think, the -- what Michael has said earlier, the risk corridor, the $400 million is going to change anyway just based on utilization. I guess, that's what I would point to. And we haven't even finished closing the books for January. So, at this point, what we've done is effectively take December's guidance, the December 18th guide and adjusted for PANTHERx. And we'll provide more information at the end of our first quarter call on a lot of the headwinds and tailwinds that Michael mentioned.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Matt Borsch with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Matt Borsch: Maybe if you could talk about the -- your guidance relative to redeterminations and Oklahoma. I guess, what I'm getting at is, am I correct that your guidance was based on the earlier sort of late spring date for redeterminations to resume? Now its pushed out to the end of the year. I wanted to understand if that was something that was -- is potentially upside for your guidance or not, and then Oklahoma, same story?
Michael Neidorff: Hey Matt, the state has set October 1 for both plans. And I've never put my hand on starting dates that states your view. And if it did so, Jeff in his remarks said about $250 million in revenue, margin and start-up costs and other things in there. We'll give more definition on our Q1 call on that. So, I think that's part of it. In terms of redetermination, we -- right now, they've issued a letter saying that they expect to continue it until the end of the year, extend the emergency. But, I want to confirm before I start building into the guidance and giving you numbers. And that's why I said one month does not a year make. And so, kind of bear with us, recognize that that's a strong upside for us, if it happens, and we've seen it historically. But, until they confirm it, that's why we've said, it makes sense to give you all this information as best we can on our Q1 call. But I did want to be transparent and say, these are the tailwinds, these are the headwinds. And you can see that on balance, there are very strong tailwinds.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ricky Goldwasser: Michael, you talked in the prepared remarks about growing the unregulated business as part of -- one of the drivers for margin expansion. Can you talk a little bit about sort of how you're thinking of building the pharmacy offering, whether it's through additional M&A or organic growth? And then, you're still outsourcing part of your pharmacy or PBM business. Can you maybe update us on kind of like the timing there and the opportunities associated with that?
Michael Neidorff: Be glad to. I think, PANTHERx, while we've said will be breakeven this year and as the $1 billion of revenue, it's important that it adds to the specialty pharma, which we have a leadership position in growing. It adds the orphan drugs, which are a critical part, and we get help in. We're committed to the pricing, keeping it affordable for everybody to the extent we can. But, we don't control that. That's we get -- we're a distributor of it. But, it gives us great insights into it. So, what -- that's the specialty side and that's why we did that add to it. As it relates to the total platform, we're going to be adding significant assets through the Magellan acquisition. We have various platforms out there. And I've asked Drew Asher, who I think we all recognize is a very competent executive and working on the pharmacy side, to put together his full recommendations for us on how best to approach it, which is the final platform we should use, but it would be premature to give a whole lot of guidance until we have approval on the Magellan acquisition. But, it's -- we see it as very positive. We have -- I know we're purchasing prior to this over $30 billion a year in pharmaceuticals, working with various platforms and put it all together. So, it's a long-winded answer, but it's -- to give you as much transparency, and it's a great opportunity. And Drew is working through and will determine how best to capitalize on. And based on his prior experience, I think, people can have confidence it will be well done.
Ricky Goldwasser: And then, one follow-up. I mean, yesterday, you announced an increase in your share repurchase program to $1 billion. [Ph] What is your assumption for share repo in 2021 guidance? And as we think about sort of what the cadence should we factor into our models?
Michael Neidorff: Yes. I have not given any guidance on that. We gave you the order of priority. I mean, obviously, with Oklahoma and other plans as they grow, the RBC has to be increased, and that's the first one. We do want to retire debt. Our bonds -- our credit ratings continue to improve, and we want to continue that pressure. We're approaching investment grade. We have one rating there now. And so, that's the second one. We do have some smaller acquisitions we are looking at. And so, we would use some capital for that. But, we want investors to understand that as -- based on what the stock price is and the accretion, and I have a pocket piece that says an ex price, here's the anticipated accretion we will be back in the market by -- on a 10b5. And let me just take 30 seconds on that that because we are a company that does a lot of acquisitions, and we have inside knowledge, we have to provide no different than we have to proceed when there's an open window, file a 10b5, that says here's the criteria for buying the stock, if it's a disaccretion by x, and there'll be a bank that has those instructions. It has the authority to do it on that basis. So, it's a combination of those kinds of things. And it's -- if the stock continues to move up, there will be less repurchase, but it's there. And obviously, people want us to repurchase when it makes accretive sense.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Lance Wilkes with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Lance Wilkes: Could you just amplify a little bit on the restructuring program with the 3,000 employees? And in particular, could you put that in the context of your long-term targets? So, I was just interested to kind of get a refresh on what you think long-term revenue guidance would be? And then, with margins long-term, how much of that is going to be driven by improvements in operating expenses as opposed to anything else? Thanks a lot. Bye.
Michael Neidorff: Okay. Sure. The revenue, we tend to give you that one year at a time. And we say, we're going to be -- we are a growth company. And I don't want to get too far ahead of myself on that. But, when you look at the year we came off of, this one is 59%, a significant number. I don't think I'll have -- we'll see that next year, but who knows? And I say that tongue in cheek. But, the restructuring, its been a hobby horse of ours for some time. And we've done these acquisitions. And they're very effective and they're accretive. But, I don't believe we've really leveraged our scale and size. And it's something we've been talking with our senior staff about. We've been making material investments in systems that really help improve the efficiency. So, this -- and right now, very candidly, there is a demand for healthcare employees and workers. So, considering the -- taking this action, we're doing at a time when -- we believe individuals will be able to find and they're getting lots of support. There's $69 million of severance we built in there for everybody. So, we're going to be very supportive of that. But, this is just the case at time now -- every time we brought some people, we would come and say we just added this, I need 5, 10, 15 more employees. And we've cut back. As we looked at it in legal and other areas, we have found that as we've gotten into our scale and size, and we've hired more confident people, we've been able to reduce the numbers. So, this is something we wanted to do for some time. And it reflects in combination with canceled positions, about 6% of our workforce, which we think is material. And a lot of it is going to be improved technology thats going to give us -- I gave an example. I know I'm getting longwinded, but I want to give you an example. We talked about how we just tested in Florida that when something is preauthorized and then the claim comes in, the nurses have to look at it and make sure it was justified. Well, we now have artificial intelligence. What used to take them 18 minutes to look at the claims, can now be done in 3.5 seconds. Now, if it says, no, it's not qualified, then we still want an individual to review it. You don't say no just primarily as we get experience with the AI. But, that's the kind of thing that improves the efficiency and service, and that the claim gets paid faster, et cetera. That's where we're headed, and that's why the reduction in force. Longwinded answer, I hope it answers it for you.
Lance Wilkes: Yes. That's helpful. Thanks. And does that have any impact on 2021 guidance? Is there a positive impact from the restructuring in '21, or is that beyond that?
Michael Neidorff: It's all built into what you've seen.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. No, it's -- what we talked about was what Michael just mentioned is that we're investing the savings effectively, right, into the technology and the special enrollment period, et cetera, et cetera.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Robert Jones: I guess, Michael, not to go back to this, but just I wanted to really understand what is contemplated in the unchanged range? And it obviously sounds like we're going to get a more detailed update with 1Q -- when you give the 1Q results. But if I think about those headwinds and tailwinds that you highlighted, I guess, what, if any, as we think about the state rate actions or the redeterminations, like, what is today contemplated in the range? And then, I know, at the Analyst Day, you talked about thinking about this year earnings weighting being kind of 65% in the first half. Any updated thoughts on cadence? I know not a lot of time has passed. But just curious as we think about how the year could play out from an EPS weighting standpoint? I wanted to get your latest thoughts there.
Michael Neidorff: Yes. I think right now, as I said, with one month experience, we're not changing it. And it's difficult to trend from one point. You can't trend from one point. And so, we've said, look, rather than put something out there that we then have to change on Q1, let's give you the factors, so you understand why we see it as a positive trend. I mean, the redetermination, depending -- right now, they're talking about spending a quarter-by-quarter, but if they go to the year-end, that becomes a significant improvement. Okay? Some of the rate adjustments I highlight haven't been approved yet by CMS, and their actuaries are looking at actuarial soundness on it. So, there's so many variables in it that -- I just don't want to put something out there that we don't have confidence reflects the facts that has some sense of precision to it at this point in time. And I'm not trying to be vague about it. That's why we gave the headwinds and tailwinds, saying, this is all out there. And you can see how in the environment in which we're operating, it's difficult. I mean, I was listening to the late news last night, and they were talking about the new virus and the intensity of it and the wave. I mean, there are variables out there that are changing things. We're living in area where things are choppy. So bear with us in saying, hey, they're being transparent, they're telling us the things that could change it to give us reasons to understand why we're believing what we do. But to try and quantify it, I mean, it's like before -- it's a -- I always use the analogy, before they were able to tell you ahead of time where you're having a boy or girl, the obstetrician once said, well, if I say it's a girl and it turns out to be a girl, youre going to think I'm brilliant. If it turns out to be a boy, you're going to say, God, you don't know anything. So, there's a lot here of unknowns with the inability to predict it. And so, let's evaluate it. Sorry about that. I wish I could be more precise, but it doesn't lend itself to that with one month experience.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Charles Rhyee with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Charles Rhyee: Michael, I think, obviously, you talked about the potential for the redeterminations extending out further. I think your guidance assumes sequester relief through March 31st. Any thoughts on if this is also likely to be extended? And how would you think about the impact maybe to your guidance, if that were the case?
Michael Neidorff: It's -- we see redetermination extended, and we see it as a positive guidance. But, I'm not going to do it month-by-month, quarter-by-quarter. We know when we believe we'll have more clarity by the time we go into the fourth quarter -- or the first quarter -- by the fourth quarter -- the first quarter call.
Charles Rhyee: And what about -- and sequesters as well?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. Sequestration is certainly possible. Yes, so, certainly possible. And I think that would be, while not as large as obviously the redeterminations, that would be a positive as well.
Charles Rhyee: And I'm just curious if you -- if that is something you've heard increasingly discussed at all, or any kind of sense there from Washington on that?
Michael Neidorff: We haven't discussed it.
Jeff Schwaneke: No.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Scott Fidel with Stephens, Inc. Please go ahead.
Scott Fidel: First question I just had, wanted to follow back up on the marketplace, and just two specific questions. One, just, Jeff, I think you had previously discussed how you expected enrollment to be down around 350,000 from peak to peak membership from '20 to '21. It sounded like you guys do a bit better in terms of sort of net enrollment so far. So interested if you could update us on that number? And then, also maybe how that influences the prior view you had given for the $800 million reduction in the risk adjuster payable for 2021?
Michael Neidorff: Yes. I mean, I think, it's positive, and we gave you that number, but Jeff can talk a bit more.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. Thanks, Scott. I appreciate it. Yes. You're right, 350,000. We're coming in more like 280,000. There was a shift to Bronze, though, more shift to Bronze, which we kind of highlighted. But, a higher shift into the Bronze, so really no change on the revenue side. And the $800 million, we closed the year with about $800 million, you'll see it when we file the 10-K with about a little over $800 million of a risk adjusted payable. And then, our expectation is still that, that kind of based on the acuity shift goes down relatively close to zero.
Michael Neidorff: Yes. And I think as you look forward, going forward, as you heard Jon Dinesman talk about, there is government support envisioned for those programs, which will make it a little less price-sensitive, so that -- we see that as a real positive that people just can't try to buy the business.
Scott Fidel: Got it. And then, just one follow-up, just on headwinds and tailwinds that you had provided. And I think, you guys captured most of most of the things that we're all sort of tracking here that have been playing out so far this year. One thing you didn't mention was just the headwind from lower Medicare racks, and that's certainly something that some of your peers have been emphasizing recently. Is that just because you had already anticipated that and sort of talked about that and assume that as guidance, or you're just not really seeing that as much of an incremental headwind here for 2021? Thanks.
Michael Neidorff: Jeff?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. No, we talked about this at our December 18th guidance. We mentioned specifically the headwinds on the risk adjustment side due to the inability of members or they didn't get to their doctor before the end of the year. So, that was already included in our December 18th number.
Michael Neidorff: We tend to get careful and try to give you transparency on those things.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Ralph Giacobbe with Citi. Please go ahead.
Ralph Giacobbe: Just one clarification. It sounded like the fee schedule, I think, you mentioned, was a $200 million headwind. And I think you said it was offset or you expect it to be offset by redetermination tailwinds. And then, I heard Michael say, the redetermination would be sort of upside. So, I just want to make sure I was clear on the fee schedule and the offset.
Michael Neidorff: Yes. You got that right.
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay. So, is it an offset, or would redeterminations be an incremental tailwind?
Michael Neidorff: Well, there's an offset, and they go to the end of the year, it could be incremental, the can grow quarter-by-quarter. But we believe it'll be sufficient to offset that. And if I knew it was really going to be a whole lot better, then we'd give it to you. But we'll know more, come the Q1 call. But there is -- we believe there'll be enough there to offset that $200 million.
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay. All right. Fair enough. And then just one other quick clarification. On the margins on the HICS, did you say it was below the 5% range or below the midpoint of that range? And then, your expectation for 2021 sounds like it's going to be firmly in the range. Is that correct?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, that's correct, below -- slightly below the 5%.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Dave Windley with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Dave Windley: Michael, I had two on Magellan. I think, you've highlighted that Magellan helps to expand your behavioral network. And I was hoping you could comment on kind of the buy versus build evaluation on that. Is speed important to get to that expanded network? And then, secondly, second question around defending Magellan's existing business, they're a kind of a carve-out player in behavioral, whereas I think you focus more on the advantages of integrated and carved in. And then, they've also kind of held themselves out as the independent partner and as part of Centene will not be that. So, if you could comment on buy versus build, and then defending Magellan's business, please?
Michael Neidorff: Yes. Well, I think, -- I want to thank you for that question, because we like -- I want to start off, and then I'm going to ask Sarah London who overseas Health Care Enterprises to amplify it a little bit more and give you some more background on it. But, as it relates to buy versus own, with the importance behavioral health is placed and the fact it's so underserved right now and recognized, having these assets as part of our total portfolio, we see as a strong positive and something that over time -- it's no different than -- we first got involved in that specialty pharma, maybe five, six years ago, I think, the first year, we had a carry into $200 million. And now, we talk in the billions. And I think -- because we recognize how specialty pharmas go, I think -- I'm not saying it's going to billions and billions, but the point is, I think we're going to see behavioral health grow. Now, we're also very sensitive to the fact that we want to keep it in other users mind, the independence of it. And we see that as a value because the stronger it is in serving other customers, the more were eventually being us. And Sarah, you might talk about Health Care Enterprises and how you're structuring it.
Sarah London: Yes, absolutely. Thank you, Michael. So, as we've said, Magellan -- Magellan will sit within -- upon close, will sit within Health Care Enterprise, which is a separate operating division within Centene. And it is home to a number of wholly-owned subsidiary companies that are positioned to continue to operate independently. And we take very seriously the ability of these companies to continue to serve third-party customers to not have any cross contamination, to not have any competitive disadvantage in our operations, but also to be positioned to be a good partner to Centene. And so, that's exactly what we are going to do for Magellan. We've also established an independent Board of Directors for Health Care Enterprises that can oversee the decisions that are being made and ensure that we are collectively making decisions that are good for the third-party customer base. And that's a big part of Magellan's growth potential going forward.
Dave Windley: Great. And Michael, if I could follow-up quickly. You mentioned in your headwinds, additional rate cuts, Justin in his question referenced in New York. Is that the primary one you're thinking about, or are there others?
Michael Neidorff: So, there could be others. It will vary state by state. But, as I said, if it's actuarially sound, that's one thing. That's fine. And if utilization is down, it will be offset. And that's what CMS is looking at. And so, there could be others, but it's -- while it's a headwind, I think there's some offsetting factors that it's not as problematic...
Operator: And our next question today comes from George Hill with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
George Hill: Michael, I had one more follow-up on diversification and pharmacy. And I guess, could you talk about if the Company has any aspirations for the PBM business or the pharmacy business kind of outside of the government payer book? And maybe would you guys look to expand into commercial businesses and talk about initiatives there? And then, I guess, does the CVS partnership help or hinder that? Thank you.
Michael Neidorff: Well, I think, the CVS partnership does not help or hinder it. So, I'll get that out of the way first. Two, we will treat it as fairly independent over time. Right now, the government service is so big. That's what we're focused on. And as we move internationally, there's some other things, there's opportunities, have to be evaluated first. But, if something came up that was appropriate and would not impact our basic strategy, sure, we'd look at it. We're not going to -- I'm not -- if it's core -- because one has to think about strategically and the -- anything you do that increases the amount of pharma youre buying, gives you an ongoing benefit to all the people that are using it. So, we're going to be very focused on the strategic impact of everything we do. And I think, I hope, today we demonstrated some of that. So, yes, we might consider some large opportunity there. But, until it presents itself and we can look at it, we have government services help that company.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Neidorff for any final remarks.
Michael Neidorff: So, I just want to thank everybody. And I'm actually looking forward to the Q1 call where we'll be able to test our clairvoyance. I would tell you just very quickly, and this is just for the fun of it is, as we get off the phone. We had a court case where it was a class action many, many years ago. It was in the eighth district. And the federal judge in her comments, in her opinion said that Michael Neidorff cannot be considered to be clairvoyant. So, at times like this, I think about the fact that I'm not clear buoyant and that it's been certified by the eighth federal district courts. So, with that, I wish you all stay safe, and we look forward to talking to you soon. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, sir. This concludes today's conference call. We thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines. And have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-31 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Magellan Health Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. We apologize for the technical difficulties that led to the rescheduling of this call this morning and appreciate your patience in this matter. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. We will be conducting a question-and-answer session after management's prepared remarks. It is my pleasure to now introduce you to your host, Darren Lehrich, Chief Investor Relations Officer for Magellan.
Darren Lehrich: Good morning, and thank you for joining Magellan Health's third quarter 2020 earnings call. With me today are Magellan's CEO, Ken Fasola; and CFO, Dave Bourdon. The press release announcing our third quarter earnings was distributed this morning. A replay of this call will be available shortly after the conclusion through November 30, 2020. The replay dial-in numbers can be found in the earnings release. For those who listen to the rebroadcast of this presentation, we remind you that the remarks made during this call are as of today, October 29, 2020, and have not been updated subsequent to the initial earnings call. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements, including statements related to our 2020 outlook. Listeners are cautioned that these statements are subject to risk and uncertainties, many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond our control. These risks and uncertainties can cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations, and we advise listeners to review the risk factors discussed in our Form 10-K filed on February 28, 2020, as well as in subsequent Form 10-Q filings, including our Form 10-Q to be filed today. In addition, please note that Magellan uses certain non-GAAP financial measures when describing our financial results. Please refer to the tables included with this morning's press release, which is available on our website, for a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to the corresponding GAAP financial measures. Finally, as a reminder, Magellan Health's results reflect Magellan Complete Care's discontinued operations in our financial statements as a result of the planned divestiture to Molina Healthcare. All references to Magellan Health's results on this call, unless noted otherwise, will be presented to exclude Magellan Complete Care from continuing operations. I will now turn the call over to our CEO, Ken Fasola. Ken?
Ken Fasola: Thank you, Darren, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to take this opportunity to welcome Dave Bourdon, our new Chief Financial Officer, who joined the Magellan team in September and is off to a fast start. Dave is an accomplished finance executive with significant experience leading health care businesses undergoing transformational growth. During Dave's 20-plus years at Cigna, he led the finance function supporting diverse businesses offering a range of products and services, including individual and employer health care, behavioral, pharmacy management and dental. Dave served in the United States Coast Guard, and we're very proud to have a U.S. veteran join our executive leadership team. Dave is based in our corporate offices in Frisco, Texas. I also want to thank Jon Rubin for his 12 years of financial leadership at Magellan. We appreciate the support Jon has been providing to ensure a smooth transition over to Dave, and we're grateful he'll continue to support this transition through year-end. On behalf of the entire Magellan team, I wish Jon well in his retirement from Magellan and in his future endeavors. At a high level, our performance in the third quarter was consistent with our internal expectations and demonstrates that we continue to execute against our 2020 plan. As such, we're reaffirming our 2020 guidance ranges for revenue, segment profit, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share while also adjusting our full year guidance range for GAAP net income and earnings per share to reflect special accounting charges. During the quarter, we remained focused on the implementation work underway to support important new 2021 business within both our Healthcare and Pharmacy segments. Our success is in no small part based on the efforts of our Magellan associates who have responded to the needs of our members and clients during the pandemic while delivering on our commitments. I'm very pleased to share that in the face of these challenges, our employee engagement scores across the enterprise have risen significantly. This is a testament to our vibrant and distinctive culture. During the third quarter, we also made significant progress advancing our initiatives to transform our cost structure, innovate our solution set and accelerate growth. I'll share several proof points that demonstrate we're executing on these initiatives and remain focused on driving stronger growth in the future through a reimagined portfolio of behavioral, specialty health and pharmacy solutions. As a leading independent payer services company, we offer disruptive, comprehensive and integrated complex care services and insights. Magellan is committed to remaining a key partner in lowering total health care costs while driving higher-quality care for members. We're developing new solutions to build on years of insight and experience that will enable payers to manage high-cost areas through integrated physical and mental health care. Our solutions incorporate advanced data analytics and digital tools that not only enhance the member experience but also for a more proactive approach to facilitating the whole person. We're drawing on our distinctive clinical experience to solve the complex health care challenges facing our diverse customers across our health plans, employers and public sector customers. We've previously discussed that there's an addressable market in excess of $400 billion for patients with comorbid behavioral and physical health conditions. The COVID-19 pandemic has only intensified the focus on the behavioral health of individuals nationally. This heightened awareness strengthens our result to leverage what we already do exceptionally well in support of our vision to create a more integrated physical and behavioral health experience for the people we serve. The body of work supporting our vision continues to build. In August, Milliman published a white paper examining the characteristics of total health care costs for all patients and separately for high-cost patients with a specific focus on the role behavioral health conditions play. The Milliman analysis evaluated 21 million commercially insured lives predating the COVID-19 pandemic. This analysis found that a population subgroup of high-cost patients with behavioral health conditions comprised 5.7% of the total 21 million lives but accounted for 44% of total cost, yet half of these high-cost individuals generated less than $95 a year of total spending per behavioral health care treatment, indicating that new models of care need to be developed to better address this subgroup's needs. We believe this just-released Milliman study offers further evidence that effective and well-coordinated behavioral health interventions can have a meaningful impact on total cost while also achieving better outcomes. The Milliman white paper also emphasized the potential impact of the collaborative care model, which is supported by more than 30 years of evidence-based research. By appropriately coordinating the physical and mental health care of persons with moderate behavioral health needs, this specific model of care can demonstrate significant medical cost savings. Our adaptation of the collaborative care model is called Magellan Connect, which we're implementing with Molina in Virginia. Magellan Connect will deploy data analytics to help primary care providers identify persons with behavioral health care needs and then support those providers with wraparound care management and psychiatric interventions to ensure holistic and coordinated care. Magellan Connect is a reimagined behavioral solution that we believe will differentiate Magellan in the market and strengthen existing and future partnerships with our health plan and public sector customers. Deploying new digital capabilities into this care model will be important as we roll out Magellan Connect. Today, we announced a strategic investment in collaboration with Kaden Health, a technology-enabled health care company with a proprietary telemedicine platform for virtual behavioral care. Kaden will allow us to integrate digital features into our collaborative care model by establishing virtual connections for behavioral health care management with members and virtual psychiatric consultations with primary care physicians within the Magellan Connect program. Kaden's first use case is a virtual medication assisted treatment or vMAT platform that provides an accessible comprehensive solution for individuals with substance use disorder. We plan to deploy this vMAT solution, and we'll coordinate with Kaden's impressive team to rapidly develop other use cases such as telemedicine to support our provider network in Virginia and elsewhere. We're excited about our Kaden partnership and the opportunity it creates. We believe it's a proof point that demonstrates our commitment to innovative capabilities through strategic capital deployment. The Livongo agreement we announced in the third quarter is another proof point supporting our innovation initiative. This aligns with our vision to enhance our behavioral health offerings across a modern digital platform. This new strategic relationship allows us to combine Livongo's digital capabilities with our clinical care expertise. Livongo's self-directed cognitive behavioral therapy tools will be added to Magellan's product suite, allowing us to quickly scale these digital capabilities into our existing and future behavioral health solutions. We believe these added capabilities will increase engagement, enhance self-management and foster better overall health for our members. The relationship will also allow us to explore potential collaborations with Livongo on product innovations across the mental well-being and behavioral health care continuum. Another equally exciting proof point on the innovation front is our progress to develop new solutions for customers through the Magellan Health Studio, which is playing a central role in Magellan's focus on growth, innovation and insight. Currently, we're moving forward on a collaboration between our Magellan Federal business unit and our EAP business to launch a new resiliency product that's being created through the Magellan Health Studio. Our Fortune 50 customers are asking for support and response to the growing challenges their employees and families are facing with the pandemic and societal issues spreading across our communities. For over 40 years, Magellan Federal has proudly worked with members of the military and their families in the unique aspects of military life through counseling and coaching. Through one distinct offering, Magellan Federal supports the Army Ready and Resilient program with experts that provide cognitive performance training and coaching. This program is designed to enhance resilience and communication skills, providing a foundation for a culture of trust and battle readiness. With nearly 250 performance experts at 33 Army locations around the world, we are, in fact, the world's largest employer of professionals with specialized graduate training in performance psychology. Many of these professionals have tailored solutions for specific army units and have become valuable designated assets for the brigade or battalion leadership. The Magellan Health Studio is bringing together expertise across clinical disciplines to develop this new product, incorporating performance and resilience tools into a reimagined suite of EAP offerings for the commercial market. We're optimistic that our expertise in this arena will allow us to activate new and differentiated products in the employer space. It's important to recognize that Magellan's commitment to innovation will be driven through a variety of approaches, including strategic investments such as Kaden, partnerships such as Livongo, internal development such as the work taking place in the studio and outright acquisitions. Turning to our commitment to execute on growth; I'm extremely proud of the focused attention of our pharmacy team in support of the implementations of the Medi-Cal pharmacy benefit administration contract. Our pharmacy team has been working in strong collaboration with the state to meet the contract specifications and the implementation time line for a 2021 start of the nation's largest PBA contract. In addition to the ongoing implementation work in California, I'm pleased to share that the Magellan government Rx team has retained all of our existing state Medicaid pharmacy business that was up for renewal during 2020. Numerous additional states are following California's lead as they seek to simplify administration, reduce cost trends and increase transparency in Medicaid pharmacy spending. States are seeking various solutions to achieve these results, ranging from implementing a single formulary to centralizing pharmacy management under one or multiple vendors. Magellan Rx offers solutions to help current and future state customers achieve their goals. We expect to expand our market leadership in Medicaid pharmacy administration, and these trends continue to gain momentum nationwide. Separate from these growth trends in our market-leading government Rx business, our Pharmacy segment's commercial PBM outlook remains stable as our continued strong sales results have allowed us to offset typical client churn and membership losses from the weaker economy. Turning to our growth office; this new team is almost a full quarter into our efforts to expand enterprise sales and account management and enhance performance effectiveness. We're making strong progress with our sales expansion plan to add 30 new sales and senior account management executives as part of our overall transformation to support our growth mindset. We've also begun the consolidation of our sales CRM platforms and are realizing associated efficiencies, including reporting enhancements, proposal automation, implementation workflow, contract management and competitive intelligence. These actions support our continued intense focus on client retention and a return to meaningful top line growth. We're committed to strengthening our relationships at every level across our customer base, including large customers, health plans, states and the federal government. We expect our revenue growth to increasingly benefit from the investments we've made in our expanded sales team during the 2022 selling season. We continue to monitor health care issues that are part of the national conversation in this election year. We respect the philosophical and political differences among candidates and their various solutions for affordable quality health care for Americans. Regardless of the outcome in November, we believe we will continue to face the following common issues that will remain after the election: the increasing burden of behavioral health and the impact of this burden on physical health, substance use disorders and suicide; the concentration of spending within the most complex health care populations; the escalating cost of prescription drugs and especially specialty medications; and the health and well-being of our military and their families. Magellan's current and reimagined suite of solutions are designed to help payers, whether employers, health plans, ACOs or governments, address these common areas of focus. In addition, our strategies, combined with our experienced team, clinical expertise and financial strength position us for strong growth in the future. We'll continue to serve as a thought leader while health care remains in focus beyond the election and into 2021. Now, let me turn the call over to Dave Bourdon for our financial review. Dave?
David Bourdon: Thanks, Ken, and good morning, everyone. I'm very excited to be at Magellan, and I look forward to interacting with our investors and analysts going forward. I'm grateful to Jon Rubin for his partnership and support during the transition, and I want to echo Ken's remarks of wishing him the best in his retirement from Magellan. I was attracted to the Magellan opportunity and have become a big believer in the connection between mind and body and consider Magellan to have disruptive potential as more health care participants focus on the importance of this connection in an effort to manage better outcomes for patients while achieving lower cost to the system overall. I've now been at Magellan for approximately two months, and I'm impressed with the talent, experience and energy of our organization. In my comments this morning, I'll review the third quarter results, discuss our reaffirmed outlook for the full year and provide some initial thoughts about 2021. For the quarter, revenue was $1.2 billion, representing an increase of 1% versus the same period in 2019, largely attributable to growth in our Pharmacy segment offset by net contract losses within our Healthcare segment. Total segment profit for the quarter was $34.1 million compared to $45.6 million for the third quarter of 2019. The net loss from continuing operations for the quarter was $17.3 million or a loss of $0.68 per share. This compares to net income of $4.1 million and earnings per share of $0.17 for the third quarter of 2019. For the third quarter of 2020, adjusted net income was $2.1 million or $0.08 per share. For our Healthcare business, segment profit for the third quarter of 2020 was $21.2 million, representing a decrease of $5 million from the third quarter of 2019. The year-over-year quarterly decline in Healthcare results is primarily driven by net contract losses as well as minimum MLR thresholds in certain contracts. As previously contemplated in 2020 guidance, we experienced higher levels of utilization in the third quarter in comparison to the first half of the year, which was suppressed due to the pandemic. Turning to Pharmacy Management; we reported segment profit of $31.4 million for the third quarter of 2020, representing a decrease of $4 million from the third quarter of 2019. This year-over-year decrease was largely a result of a previously disclosed contract loss and start-up costs associated with the Medi-Cal contract partially offset by strong results from specialty operations as well as favorable customer settlements. Regarding other financial results, corporate segment costs, inclusive of eliminations, totaled $18.6 million versus $16 million in the third quarter of 2019. The increase in corporate costs is driven primarily by higher discretionary benefits and the timing of investments for transformation and growth initiatives relative to the savings offsets. Corporate segment costs include overhead previously allocated to the MCC business of $7.2 million and $8 million for the quarters ending September 30, 2020 and 2019, respectively. During the third quarter, we recorded additional special charges of $16.6 million primarily related to noncash lease abandonment charges associated with reducing our real estate footprint. We've been decisive about rationalizing our real estate footprint to align with our associates' needs and work preferences. As a result, we have plans in place to reduce our leased office space from approximately 5,500 seats to 1,000 seats by the end of 2021. The savings from the work site strategy initiatives are well defined and expected to contribute approximately 1/3 of the net transformation savings targeted for 2021. We expect additional charges in the fourth quarter of approximately $10 million related to further business transformation activity. Our cash flow provided by operating activities from continuing operations for the nine months ending September 30, 2020, was $54.1 million. This compares to cash flow from continuing operations of $119.3 million for the prior year period. This decrease is mainly attributable to the timing of accounts receivable and other working capital charges. We continue to expect that approximately $100 million of working capital on our balance sheet will be freed up following our Medicare PDP, exit effective January 1, 2021, and the majority of that will be received within 12 to 18 months. As of September 30, 2020, the company's unrestricted cash and investments totaled $120.9 million as compared to $161.5 million at June 30, 2020. Restricted cash and investments at September 30, 2020, was $129.5 million as compared to $76.9 million at June 30, 2020. These amounts exclude discontinued operations, which I'll cover in the MCC update. During the third quarter, we paid down $80 million of debt, leaving $400 million of undrawn capacity under our revolving credit facility at September 30, 2020. In October, our Board extended our share repurchase program through November 15, 2021. As of September 30, 2020, we had $186 million of buyback authority remaining under this program. Now I'll move to an update on MCC. We continue to make progress on securing the necessary regulatory approvals to close the MCC divestiture to Molina prior to the end of the first quarter of 2021, as previously contemplated, with the possibility of closing towards the end of the fourth quarter of 2020. MCC's results within discontinued operations reflect strong third quarter performance, primarily due to lower utilization offset somewhat by rate adjustments in certain markets, primarily related to COVID. MCC segment profit for the third quarter of 2020 was $40.4 million, and on a year-to-date basis for the nine months ending September 30, 2020, MCC segment profit was $144 million. Excess capital and undistributed earnings related to MCC totaled approximately $165 million on September 30. This amount is net of distributions totaling $37.5 million out of MCC's excess capital to Magellan during the third quarter. Including the $37.5 million distribution, MCC's excess capital increased by more than $42 million from $160 million on June 30, 2020, due to the strong year-to-date earnings performance of MCC. It is important to note that excess capital and undistributed earnings related to MCC, including any additional amounts generated by MCC through the closing date, will remain with Magellan at closing. I will now discuss our 2020 guidance and provide some directional commentary regarding 2021. We are reaffirming our 2020 guidance ranges for revenue of between $4.4 billion to $4.6 billion, segment profit of between $145 million to $165 million, adjusted net income of between $16 million and $28 million and adjusted earnings between $0.63 to $1.10 per share. We have modified our guidance ranges for GAAP net income and GAAP earnings per share, as noted in our press release, to reflect higher year-to-date and anticipated fourth quarter special charges as previously mentioned. Turning to next year; we are still in the planning process for 2021, and we expect to provide detailed guidance in conjunction with our fourth quarter earnings release. In advance of the 2021 guidance, I would like to provide some high-level commentary about next year as well as some thoughts about our capital deployment strategy following the close of the MCC divestiture from Molina. Overall, we expect revenue and segment profit growth in 2021, and we have confidence in our business and strategic initiatives. As we finalize our view of 2021 in the coming months, we will be considering uncertainties in the environment related to the economic outlook, the pandemic and future utilization patterns, including potentially higher demand for behavioral health care services. From a segment profit perspective, the midpoint of our 2020 guidance range is $155 million. We are executing against our business transformation cost savings initiatives, the Medi-Cal PBA implementation and our Medicare PDP exit and believe these items collectively contribute approximately $70 million year-over-year of segment profit growth. Separate from the $70 million, our team also remains focused on the elimination of stranded overhead from the sale of MCC. The savings from this activity, in combination with the transition service agreement fees we will receive from Molina, should allow us to offset the majority of the $25 million to $30 million of stranded overhead during 2021. There are uncertainties in the macro environment which are difficult to quantify as well as a few known headwinds we can quantify at this point in our planning, which amounts to approximately $15 million to $20 million, including the elimination of the HIF and the increased IT security investments. As far as the HIF goes for 2021, this item will be negative to segment profit but neutral to net income due to the income tax offset. Regarding the IT security investments, this is new from a planning perspective based on our decision to invest even more next year in cybersecurity due to the current environment for health care companies with respect to cyber threats. From a P&L perspective, there are a few other items to consider in 2021 and beyond for the company. Our preliminary view on effective tax rate for the enterprise excluding MCC is now in a range of 31% to 33%, exclusive of any potential future tax reform. When thinking about adjusted EPS calculations in your models on a go-forward basis, also bear in mind two additional items. First, in terms of the amortization of acquired intangibles, which is an add-back item to derive adjusted net income, we expect there to be a pretax step-down of $13 million to $15 million per year over the next few years in comparison to the $39 million baseline in 2020. And second, our fully diluted share count is expected to increase 3% to 4% next year due to management equity awards. In connection with our business transformation, we are reaffirming our expectation for this cost savings initiative to yield $30 million of net savings in 2021 and $75 million of net run rate savings during 2022. Finally, we've received numerous investor questions with respect to our capital deployment plans following the MCC divestiture. Until the transaction closes, it would be premature to provide detailed comments on this subject, but we want to share a few thoughts at this point. First, we'll prioritize investments to support business growth from both an organic and inorganic perspective. Second, we plan to reduce our debt level. Third, we may also choose to repurchase shares opportunistically. Regarding our debt level, we plan to establish an interim gross leverage policy post MCC while still maintaining our long-term net leverage target of 2.5 times or less. We believe establishing a gross leverage target that is generally consistent with peer averages is a practical approach due to the potential for us to retain higher cash balances immediately following the transaction close. We want to emphasize that we do not expect to deploy all of the proceeds right away in an effort to preserve flexibility for strategic acquisitions that fit well within our core businesses over time. We plan to remain disciplined and focused in how we pursue acquisitions, concentrating on assets with compelling strategic rationale and strong long-term risk-adjusted return. In closing, we are very pleased with the solid third quarter results and believe we are positioned for future growth driven by net new business and by executing on opportunities to improve our cost structure. We will have significant financial flexibility to add shareholder value following the completion of the MCC divestiture, and we remain committed to deploying capital in a disciplined manner. With that, I'll turn it back over to Ken.
Ken Fasola: Thank you, Dave. Next week, I will reach the one-year mark since joining Magellan. When I arrived, job one was to stabilize the business and rationalize the strategy. The four overarching business priorities we quickly put in place have not changed: first, honor and deliver on our commitments; second, execute on operational transformation initiatives to reduce our cost structure and improve efficiency, reliability and effectiveness; third, accelerate innovation to create compelling, contemporary and competitive new solutions for the market; and fourth, build a robust engine for growth across our businesses. As we look ahead over the medium term, we'll continue to focus on these four pillars. With the advent of our decisions to sell our managed Medicaid business to Molina and to exit Medicare Part D as a plan sponsor, we began to pivot back to payer services. As a result of those important decisions, we will generate approximately $40 per share in cash proceeds, creating meaningful value for our shareholders. As we focus Magellan forward, our business consists of payer solutions that are centered around the following high-growth and difficult-to-manage areas of health care: behavioral health, specialty health, pharmacy management. Our solutions and the products and services that flow from them are focused on delivering a lower total whole person cost of care, better clinical outcomes and an overall better experience for our members. With these solutions in mind, we're energized to share with key stakeholders the answer to the question why Magellan. Our points of differentiation across our solutions will be anchored in the following capabilities: first, robust data analytics and insights. This capability enables us to identify and predict impactful intervention opportunities, quantify the impact of those interventions, create value-based partnerships with providers and pharmacists and identify opportunities for new products and solutions. Second, digital tools and capabilities; this capability enables us to improve member, provider and client engagement to drive behavior changes through user-friendly digital tools that create utility for all stakeholders, automate and streamline data collection and sharing that drives effective intervention and deliver care through digital assets. Third, personalized clinical programs and solutions; this capability enables us to move to personalized evidence-based high-quality care, partner with the provider community to drive adoption of clinical protocols, leverage key opinion leader think tank as an asset to realize continuous improvement on clinical standards. And fourth, market-leading availability and access to high-quality care; this capability enables us to become the partner of choice for providers, develop high-performance networks, deliver care through both digital and community-based assets. Implied in this differentiation will be a relentless focus on execution, data and insights and superior strategic relationship management that's embraced by the entire Magellan organization. We're making great progress on this journey, and I look forward to updating you again when we report our fourth quarter results. With that, I'll now turn the call back over to the operator for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay, great, thanks. So I just wanted to kind of go to your 2021 commentary here. So if I'm doing it right, I heard $155 million at the base, adding in $70 million from cost saves, California, Part D, the stranded overhead cost is basically going to be zero as it's mitigated and then minus $15 million to $20 million. So that kind of is a starting point of kind of $205 million to $210 million. You made a separate comment that you expected revenue and profit growth in your businesses. I wasn't sure if you meant that to be a separate add-on as kind of there's going to be organic growth on top of that or whether that profit growth was kind of incorporated into those dynamics that you outlined.
Ken Fasola: Kevin, this is Ken. Thanks for the question, and I hope you're well. I'll let Dave jump in and give you his thoughts for that, and then I'll build as necessary.
David Bourdon: Kevin, thanks for the question. So as far as that macro statement on revenue and segment profit growth, just think of that as that's a macro statement. Don't think of that as in addition -- like for the earnings to be necessarily in addition to. We'll update you on more detail as we -- on 2021 once we get to fourth quarter. In regards to your math, maybe one adjustment. So if you think about, yes, the $155 million as the midpoint of our guide for this year, you'd add about $25 million for the stranded overhead that we'll take out. And then you add the net of those tailwinds and headwinds.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. So that's actually $25 million more than what I was saying. That's actually $230 million to $235 million?
David Bourdon: Correct.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay, perfect. Okay. And then as far as the quarter itself goes, were there new contract losses in the Healthcare segment? You mentioned that -- on the Pharmacy side, it was previously disclosed, but you didn't have that same wording in the Healthcare segment side of things. So just wanted to see if there's any update on how contracts have been trending in that business.
Ken Fasola: Yes. I can start, and Dave can certainly jump in. I would probably draw you more to some of the MLR provisions embedded in some of those agreements, which put a little downward pressure. So there wasn't any extraordinary losses and offset by, I think, good growth considering where we came from, and we're building real momentum there. So I'd point you more towards provisions inside of some existing contracts, which put downward pressure on revenue as opposed to any substantial losses that weren't previously talked about.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. And then, I guess, maybe last question now anyway. When you -- do you guys have any kind of long-term kind of guardrails for how to think about the business after 2021? Is there any way that we should be thinking about? Or if not today, then when should we kind of expect an update on those kind of long-term growth targets?
Ken Fasola: Yes. Kevin, you're breaking up a little bit, but I assume -- let me pare it back and make sure I captured the essence of your question. So you're asking about longer-term outlook beyond 2021 with respect to growth trajectory. And I'm assuming that's across all of our businesses.
Kevin Fischbeck: Correct, yes.
Ken Fasola: Yes. So I -- one of the things I know we've committed to and we're building, I think, a good business case around proof points with respect to the progress we're making around reimagining our businesses. I'll take them each individually. So as you think about behavioral health, obviously, the pandemic has intensified the impact on behavioral and mental health, and the conversations we're having are really important, with large payers, around ways to energize this recognition that managing the whole person. And the impact behavioral health is having on that, I think, is creating an opportunity for us to get more granular with respect to the kind of things we're doing, not only in Virginia, which we branded Magellan Connect, but that we're beginning to build the capabilities to expand more rapidly nationwide. And so I also think the work Jim Murray did to quickly consolidate our behavioral health and EAP businesses is providing a forum for us to talk to Fortune 500 and Fortune 50 customers particularly, around their growing concern about the impact on their employees of the elongated pandemic, the challenges of societal issues are impacting and the growing concern that has on their own employee well-being. And so the program I mentioned that we're building quickly, leveraging our experience with -- in the military in Magellan Federal. Just another example, I think of some things that we can do where the pipeline and the procurement cycle is a little more accelerated than what we've normally seen in traditional BH RFPs. And so -- and then with the advent of what we're doing with the digital front door, Livongo and Kaden to strengthen our vMAT, telehealth and another extension of our collaborative care capabilities I think help make that narrative even stronger. Specialty health business, we're knee-deep in a couple of big implementations right now as we lean into the first of the year, a really well-run business for us, where I think we've got some real momentum as well. And then if I pivot to Pharmacy, we've had really strong new business performance in our specialty Rx business this year, including formulary management, the medical pharmacy management, so -- driven by new logos. And we're up-selling inside of existing client relationships. So I think that continued focus and a new focus around oncology and oncology support products are going to provide an increased opportunity to build the kind of momentum as we move into 2022. And so while we point to 2022 -- the 2022 selling season, remember, that builds all through 2021 given the procurement cycles in each of these businesses. And lastly, we had said in earlier calls that we were actually pleased to see that the pipeline with respect to our BSH businesses was -- or the RFP processes weren't as delayed versus pharmacy, where we think there was a three-four-month lag, let's say, in procurement tied to the pandemic. And I guess I'd add one more point, which is the -- and we mentioned this in the call script. I'm extremely pleased that our PBA renewed 100% of the cases. And there's some new RFPs that are out there as well, and I think we're really positioned well to compete. So those are just a couple of proof points and -- that we hope demonstrate that we're keenly focused on growth into '21 and '22.
David Bourdon: And just to pile on to that. Look, we know the investor community would like us to provide long-term strategic growth targets on revenue, segment profit and EPS. And that's consistent with how we'd like to operate, and we're working towards that. And we'll do that at an appropriate time, which will be after we get through this transitional phase and have demonstrated on some of the key areas that Ken just noted.
Kevin Fischbeck: Thanks, Dave.
David Bourdon: Thanks, Kevin. Appreciate your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from Dave Styblo with Jefferies.
Dave Styblo: Good morning, thanks for the question. I think I understand all the 2021 bridge comment, but I do have a follow-up on the new cost for security and IT. I'm just curious if those are something that you'd expect to persist after 2021? Or would they rise? Would they decline? Is it something of a onetime-in-nature investment on that front?
Ken Fasola: Okay. First of all, good morning and appreciate your question. I can -- I'll start, and I'll let Dave jump in. One of the things that I'm excited about is -- and I talked about the things that are going to be differentiating for us going forward, is the advance in digital tools and capabilities and robust analytics and insight. And if you step back and think about the whole cybersecurity area is an arms race. So making sure that we're best in class and investing hard in our systems to enable the confident connections that are necessary to advance the strategy anchored around data analytics is really key to us. So the investments we're making are in concert with investments we're making in our underlying platform to enable the seamless implementation of these new digital tools, and so those go hand in hand. A lot of this is contemplated in the work that we were doing with respect to transformation and identified early. So -- but we -- when we think about the security piece of that, there's just no reason not to be extra diligent and vigilant. Dave?
David Bourdon: Yes. I mean just to reinforce what Ken said. I mean we take protecting our members' and clients' information very seriously, and that's why we're making the investment to harden our environment. Dave, I'd have you think of this as, while there's certainly some onetime charges in there, I would -- I'd consider this to be run rate going forward.
Dave Styblo: Okay, that's helpful. And then I know you guys are building up the sales force this year towards your 30-person goal. Can you just give us an update on how conversations and the pipeline is shaping up as you talk to employers and the clients about better integrating behavioral with medical pharmacy and the early reads on where you are in that process? Is it still going to be a few months away before you'd be in a position to share any of that information, given where we are in the cycle? Or are some of those conversations more advanced at this point?
Ken Fasola: Actually, I'll make a couple of comments there. And I -- this has been really not only important, but really exciting as we think about the pivot we're making. As I said on the earlier calls, one of the things we don't have to do is to prove that our payer partners are challenged by the growing impact of behavioral and mental health on total cost of care. And so it saves a lot of time when you walk in and start those conversations. We've pivoted to having more C-suite and more strategic conversations with existing, prior and what we hope will be future payer customers around this growing challenge and again, the fact that it's been intensified by the pandemic. And so we're on -- we're actually right where we wanted to be with respect to the addition of new sales talent. We've probably -- we filled 1/3 already. We've got 1/3 that offers are in hand. We started the first training program actually last week. And we're hiring experienced professionals, not only domain-specific experience with respect to our solution sets and lines of business, but also really experienced and deep with -- individuals with deep relationships in very specific channels. And those include really direct outreach to a lot of our largest customers who, again, are eager to look for creative ways and -- to deal with the growing total cost of care challenge. And integrating, again, the behavioral health, specialty health and EAP capabilities that exist in the company has really been well received. And so again, some of those conversations are starting off cycle, which we're encouraged by. And I think that's just a function of existing challenges and demand among those large employers. And there's -- I recently saw there was an RFP that came out in one of our larger states targeted directly at child mental health. And I think you're going to see more of that as people begin to step back and reflect on some of these, again the challenges of both suicidal and pandemic-oriented issues with respect to substance use disorder and related mental health issues.
Dave Styblo: Okay. And then, just a couple of housekeeping questions on both of the segments. So for Pharmacy, results were a lot better than we were looking for. Is there any material puts or takes there? I think there might have been some contract settlements that were positive. And then on the flip side, can you quantify how much the start-up costs for California were in the third quarter and what those might look like for the fourth quarter? And then on the -- similar question on the Healthcare side. Any start-up costs there for things like the Molina contract or the transformation costs that are going on as you build into next year?
Ken Fasola: Yes. I'll start, and Dave can add the additional mathematical color. But as we think about the revenue beat, it's driven really probably in the following order, new business in the PBM and the specialty performance that I talked about earlier in the call. And Dave, you want to build on that?
David Bourdon: Sure, yes. Dave, I'll unpack that a little bit. There were a few questions in there. So let's start with the pharmacy piece. So as you noted, big step-up sequentially in segment profit. We're really pleased with the performance of the pharmacy business. Having said that, that result is consistent with our expectations. Within the Pharmacy segment, our 2020 guidance contemplated a higher weighting of segment earnings, like almost 60% of the year to be in the second half, with the third quarter being the highest because we are going to see a ramp in the Medi-Cal implementation costs as we get closer to the start of that contract. To your question around the specifics in the quarter, we -- on a sequential basis, we had highlighted in the second quarter a few unusual onetime items related to PDP claims and some unfavorable customer settlements. And in the third quarter, we experienced stronger specialty trends, which Ken noted and also received benefit from some new business. So those are the primary drivers as you think about it from a sequential basis in Pharmacy. In regards to start-ups -- start-up costs for Medi-Cal, I think in the $5 million to $10 million range is what we'll see in fourth quarter and one of the reasons why the -- sequentially, the segment profit will be going down from Q3 to Q4. In regards to Healthcare, a big step-down in segment profit sequentially. And that was -- having said that, it was generally consistent with our expectations as well. The sequential decline was largely driven by higher utilization in both specialty and behavioral care as compared to the second quarter as well as the impact of some minimum MLR thresholds in some of our contracts. On specialty utilization, as you're aware, we saw a lot of favorability in the first half of the year, and we've now seen that return to normal level in the third quarter, and we expect that to continue throughout the remainder of the year. From a behavioral perspective, we did not see that same level of favorable utilization in the first half. As a matter of fact, it ran pretty much at normal pre-COVID levels. We were expecting or our -- we were expecting it to move up to levels higher than pre COVID. And we did experience that in the third quarter, and we expect that to continue into the fourth quarter. So those were the primary reasons why we had a step-up -- or a step-down for that matter in segment profits from second quarter to third quarter.
Dave Styblo: Got it. Thanks much. All have been asked. All right, thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the call back to management for closing remarks.
Ken Fasola: Yes. Listen, thank you very much. We apologize for the need to delay today's call, and we continue to wish everyone the best as we continue to power through these unique times in and around the pandemic. We continue to appreciate your support, and stay well.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. Magellan Health thanks you for your participation, You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-28 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Centene Corporation Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After todays presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jennifer Gilligan, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jennifer Gilligan: Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on our second quarter 2020 earnings results conference call. Michael Neidorff, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jeff Schwaneke, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Centene, will host this morning's call, which also can be accessed through our website at centene.com.  Any remarks that Centene may make about future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the safe harbor provision under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by those forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in Centene's most recent Form 10-Q filed today, July 28, and the 10-K dated February 18, 2020, and other public SEC filings, including the risks and uncertainties described with respect to the potential impact of COVID-19 on our business and results of operations. Centene anticipates that subsequent events and developments will cause its estimates to change. While the company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. The call will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of these measures with the most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our second quarter 2020 press release, which is available on the company's website at centene.com under the Investors section. Additionally, please mark your calendars for our third quarter earnings release, which is expected to take place on October 27, 2020.  With that, I would like to turn the call over to our Chairman, President and CEO, Michael Neidorff. Michael?
Michael Neidorff: Thank you, Jennifer. Good morning and thank you for joining Centenes second quarter earnings call. We hope all of you and your families are staying safe and well. There's a lot to discuss today, especially as the environment around us continues to rapidly evolve. I'll start by reiterating our confidence in the strength of our business. Centene was built to endure and manage through times of uncertainty. We have a strong balance sheet with ample liquidity, we have experienced with crises, we have emerged from prior recessions with strong growth, and we see opportunities for continued growth today. With our scale, our diversity, our assistance, and our impact, we are confident in the strength of our business and our ability to continue to lead through this crisis. You have heard me say, we make decisions based on the facts as they are today, and never has this been more true or appropriate as we manage our business in this pandemic environment. I stated several months ago that we expect the environment and our financial results to be choppy from quarter-to-quarter, and I want to reemphasize nothing can be truer than that today. It is increasingly clear that we are going to be living with this pandemic for some time and probably well into next year. We're planning our business with that in mind. I'll remind you about the assumptions we made in June about what to expect in the development of this virus. At that time, we expected the initial spring peak will be followed by smaller spikes during the summer and a potential second wave in the fall. However, the current trajectory shows the infection rates are rising significantly across a number of key states, and case counts continue to go up which differs from what we expected only a few weeks ago. With this trend in mind, we will continue to provide you with transparent updates and give you our best estimates as to how we see things at a particular point in time. First, utilization. Utilization returned to more normalized levels towards the end of the second quarter. Volume began to return in May, and June was virtually a normal month relative to prior years. With the recent surge in the virus, we are seeing some decline in utilization in July. Note that this data is preliminary and includes COVID-related costs. While we believe hospitals are better prepared to manage COVID cases after learning from the experience of the initial outbreak, there are indications that some hospitals are reverting back to delaying elective procedures, if necessary, based on a regional infection rate. Next COVID related costs. Centene has the capability and bandwidth to navigate ongoing COVID-related expenses. Based on the facts as we see them today, we were seeing COVID-related expenses increasing, which is offsetting decreased utilization. But again, as I stated, these are not normal times, so we continue to expect environment to remain dynamic. Case-in-point is our membership and revenue expectations. You'll recall in April, we raised our 2020 revenue guidance by $6 billion, including $4 billion in COVID related membership growth, which included the expectation that new membership would peak in August. Based on recent COVID-related membership trends, we now expect new membership peak to peak in November, resulting in a $500 million reduction in revenue against what we had forecasted only a short time ago. Membership is coming in at lower rates than initially anticipated, and growth was expected based on unemployment trends. This is driven by an assumption that unemployment may be temporary and by enhanced unemployment benefits and federal rates, which are all contributing to lower application rates. The trajectory of our membership growth for the remainder of the year will continue to be influenced by various external factors, which may shift our revenue expectations up or down. However, to put the impact of membership growth in context, we still expect to add a total of $3.5 billion in COVID driven revenue to 2020 as compared to the original guidance we provided in March. Our earnings guidance for 2020 remains consistent with what we provided at our Investor Day. At our scale, the earnings impact of $500 million is reduced  in reduced revenue can be offset. We recognize and are prepared to continue with the uncertainty based on what we know today. Our earnings guidance continues to be our most reliable baseline and remains our best estimate based on our revenues as well as utilization and COVID related costs among other factors. We remain comfortable with our current range. With that as a backdrop, let me turn to our second quarter results. Our results were in line with our guidance, which underscores the effect of the shelter-in-place policies on our diversified membership platform as well as our teams solid execution in a challenging operating environment. We reported second quarter revenue of $27.7 billion, an increase of 51% over the second quarter of 2019. Adjusted diluted earnings per share were $2.40 compared to $1.34 last year. This represents growth of 79%. Our membership was approximately 25 million at the quarter end. This represents sequential growth of 3% and year-over-year growth of 64%. Due to the uniqueness of today's environment, we expect 2020 earnings per share to be front half loaded. Applying the midpoint of our guidance, first half earnings per share of $3.31 would represent approximately 68% of our full year EPS. Overall, these results were solid. Looking ahead at the remainder of the year, the intensity and duration of the pandemic remains a primary driver of uncertainty, but we are built through uncertainty and believe we are in a strong position to continue to execute against our strategy and grow our business. We continue to hire talented and diverse individuals who contribute to our focus on improving the member and provider experience through technology. Over the past few years, I've spoken about our ambition to transform Centene into a technology company that does healthcare, recognizing the critical role of technology and providing extraordinary member and provider experiences to 25 million individuals that's nearly 1 in 15 Americans. We have made significant investments in modernizing our systems, and early last month we announced an investment in our new East Coast headquarters, which will be our hub for technology talent. Today, I'm pleased to announce yet another step forward in achieving our technology aspiration through the hiring of additional talent to that already present in our organization. Adding to current management, we're pleased to welcome Sarah London and Bryan Sivak to our technology team. Sarah most recently served as partner for Optum Ventures, working closely with portfolio companies on product strategy and expansion. Brian most recently served as Managing Director for Kaiser Permanente Ventures, where he led investments in healthcare focused organizations in transformative efforts. Both Sarah and Bryan will help accelerate innovation, modernization and digitalization across the enterprise. And in addition, since March, we have hired over 3,800 individuals and we will continue to invest in our talent to enhance the value we deliver to our members and communities. At the same time, we continue to operate in a remote work environment, but I am generally pleased with the levels of productivity and engagement across our business. And we have made the required investments in our office environments to ensure the safety of our people when it is appropriate for them to return. For example, we have installed plexiglass between cubicles, temperature, scanners and automatic door openings. We also continue to have courageous conversations within our company about racial and social justice. Centene has a diverse workforce at every level of the company, including our board of directors. And we continue to recruit and develop diverse talent. But knowing that everyone hired at Centene is hired because they're the right person for the job. Let me now comment on discussions we're having with our states. As states moved to reopen, we were working closely with our state and federal partners to develop solutions that address the cost dynamics states are facing. With state budgets and constraints, the role of managed care companies like ours, which maximize member outcomes and cost savings, has never been more important. While we do expect some short-term pressure on rates, these rates have to be actuarially sound. Our 2020 guidance incorporates what we know at this time and the majority of our conversations with states have been highly constructive. In addition, we have encouraged  we are all encouraged by ongoing budget discussions in Congress and the review of expanded FMAPs. Longer-term, we continue to believe that additional states will consider Managed Care as a solution to their health care needs. For example, in Oklahoma, the state has announced its intent to release an RFP in the fall of 2020. We are in active discussions with our state partners to ensure we are taking a holistic view on rates beyond 2020, taking into consideration, a return on normalized utilization and COVID costs, as well as appropriate risk-sharing mechanisms. In summary, Centene has risen to the occasion by delivering on our mission of providing high quality, low cost healthcare to the most vulnerable populations during this time. We are confident in the strength of our business. As I said, our balance sheet is strong. We have ample liquidity and we continue to see significant opportunities for future growth as we apply our all-product all-market strategies. The RFP process slowed during the pandemic, but it's now picking up in our Medicaid business. And our Medicare Advantage business remains strong untapped opportunity. As we have mentioned, before we have emerged out of recessions with strong growth in membership and new state contracts in the past. And we continue to believe that we are well positioned to execute on both our short and long-term growth strategy. Finally, I again want to thank and recognize our employees for their commitment and dedication. I could not be more proud of how we work together to serve our members. Before I turn the call over to Jeff, let me apologize for my allergies acting up in my voice. And with that, let me turn it over to Jeff, who will provide our financial details.
Jeff Schwaneke: Thank you, Michael, and good morning, everyone. First, I will provide comments around the quarterly results. Then I will offer more detail around the key variables that Michael just discussed. And finally, I'll walk through our updated full year guidance. This morning, we reported second quarter revenues at $27.7 billion, an increase of 51% over the second quarter of 2019 and adjusted diluted earnings per share was $2.40 this quarter compared to $1.34 last year. These numbers were in line with the guidance that we provided at Investor Day in mid-June. As expected, our earnings for the second quarter of 2020 were uniquely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic through muted medical utilization and increased membership. Total revenues grew by approximately $9.4 billion over the second quarter of 2019, primarily as a result of the acquisition of WellCare, membership growth in Medicaid and the Health Insurance Marketplace business and expansions in new programs in many of our states. Our HBR or health benefits ratio was 82.1% in the second quarter, compared to 86.7% in last years second quarter and 88% in the first quarter of 2020. As anticipated and highlighted at our Investor Day, the HBR was low by historical measures and the decline was primarily driven by a reduction in medical utilization as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, partially offset by increased costs associated with COVID-19 claims. Utilization was down across all of our business lines. The majority of the reduction in volume was driven by ER claims and other non-inpatient costs, including fewer elective procedures, PCP visits and specialist visits. Utilization declines were partially offset by COVID-related medical costs, including inpatient and ICU admissions, testing and treatment. In terms of monthly trends, utilization deferrals experienced during April and May largely reversed in the month of June. June claims activity was near the historical norm. Cash flow provided by operations was $3.7 billion in the second quarter or 3.1 times earnings. The cash provided by operating activities in the second quarter of 2020 increased due to the net earnings growth $1.4 billion in collections of previously delayed capitation payments and an increase in other long-term liabilities driven by the recognition of the risk adjustment payable for Health Insurance Marketplace in 2020. We continue to maintain a strong liquidity position of $1.1 billion in unregulated cash on our balance sheet at quarter end. During the quarter, we utilized $500 million of our unregulated cash to pay down our revolving credit facility. Debt at quarter end was $16.8 billion, which includes $89 million of borrowings on our revolving credit facility. Our debt to capital ratio was 39.7%, excluding our non-recourse debt compared to 41.9% in the first quarter of 2020. Our debt to capital ratio would have been 38.1% when netting our unregulated cash with our debt at quarter end. Our medical claims liability totaled $11.4 billion at quarter end and represents 51 days in claims payable compared to 47 days in the first quarter of 2020. DCP was impacted by the timing of medical expense during the quarter with lower medical costs, primarily in April contributing to the metrics increase. A quick update on the WellCare integration. In July, we successfully integrated the WellCare business to the Centene financial and HR systems. The integration continues to be on track and we remain comfortable with our synergy capture efforts. Turning now to our 2020 expectations and our updated assumptions regarding the key dynamics and variables we continue to monitor closely, which are formed by additional data since our Investor Day and month end. The midpoint of our year end unemployment expectation continues to be 10.3%, which is consistent with what we provided at our Investor Day. We now expect peak membership growth of 1.4 million members to occur during the fourth quarter. This represents a change from the projection of 1.9 million new members provided at our Investor Day, which was forecasted to incur in August. As Michael mentioned earlier, new membership has enrolled more slowly than previously expected. We believe the temporary nature of some of the unemployment enhanced unemployment benefits and employers furloughing rather than terminating employees has all contributed to lower application rates than what is implied by overall unemployment levels. For example, in California, we have not seen significant membership growth since the onset of the pandemic. In terms of utilization trends in the back half, we continue to expect normalization as the economy recovers and our members go back to visiting doctor's offices and receiving treatment. Our early look into our July claims shows a slight step down in utilization compared to June as a result of the regional infection spikes occurring across the nation. This trend may or may not last depending on the spread of the virus in various states. And again, the numbers we are seeing from our July claims are very preliminary. Through the end of June, we have paid approximately $550 million associated with COVID claims. This compares to $221 million we discussed at our Investor Day. One thing to highlight the cost we have categorized as COVID costs include all the claim codes consistent with CDC guidelines. This includes costs that are not associated with confirmed positive cases and may include costs that are not related to COVID at all. Finally, I'll translate these factors into our updated 2020 financial guidance. We now expect revenue to be within the range of $109 billion and $111.4 billion. This is $500 million lower at the mid point than our previous guidance driven by the previously mentioned membership expectations. As Michael mentioned earlier, we are providing our estimates based on where we are today. Ultimately, our membership continues to increase for the remainder of the year will affect our revenues. However, just to add some perspective, our revenue guidance continues to be $5 billion higher than our original March guidance at the beginning of this year. This is a higher baseline from which we can continue to grow into the future. We are maintaining our adjusted diluted earnings per share guidance of $4.76 and $4.96 driven by our overall updated projections and medical costs and revenues. With respect to rates, we continue to work with our state partners on various risk sharing mechanisms and advocate for actuarial soundness. We have included a reasonable amount of rate actions in our guidance today; however, there continued to be a lot of unknowns and the majority of our state partners are focused on 2020. It is our understanding that a majority of the proposals received to date have not been approved by CMS. Additionally, there continues to be discussions in Congress of additional support that would provide relief to state budgets and affect any potential changes being contemplated by the states. As we think about earnings progression for the balance of the year, we expect third quarter adjusted diluted earnings per share to be approximately 20% of the full year 2020 EPS.  A quick note on quarterly versus full year modeling. As a result of the WellCare acquisition closing the first quarter, the full year weighted average share count is substantially lower than the second through fourth quarters. We anticipate continued choppiness as a result of the unpredictable nature of utilization trends at this time, the scope duration and intensity of additional COVID-19 infection spikes could have a material impact on the results for the rest of the year. I'll conclude my remarks by reiterating our confidence in the strength of our business. Our balance sheet remains strong and we have ample liquidity and meet our operational and strategic needs. We remain focused on executing against our strategic plans and are committed to delivering shareholder value. That concludes my remarks, and operator, you may now open the line for questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Josh Raskin from Nephron. Please go ahead.
Josh Raskin: Hi, thanks. Good morning.
Michael Neidorff: Good morning, Josh.
Josh Raskin: First question  good morning, Michael. First question just around the rate proposal conversation that Jeff was mentioning, I think you said that, some of the rate proposals at the state level have not yet been approved by CMS, and you continue to talk about advocating for actuarial soundness. I just want to understand, are these proposals, what you're seeing in the states, is that what's incorporated into guidance as you sort of mentioned that you're including a lot of this in guidance, or is there a risk that those state proposals are actually approved and that is not consistent with actuarial soundness or something like that that would change your guidance. And then I'm sorry, but the second question would just be on the vaccine potential. Are you assuming that states will cover the cost of a vaccine, whether that's later this year hopefully or if not into next year and maybe how would you like to see the vaccine reimbursement work?
Michael Neidorff: Okay, let me start off first, and then Jeff can add to that but
Operator: Thank you for your patience. We are getting reconnected with the speaker as we speak right now.
Michael Neidorff: Hello. Josh, can you hear me now?
Operator: Pardon me. You have the speaker in the conference now.
Michael Neidorff: Okay. Josh, are you able to hear me now?
Josh Raskin: Yes, absolutely. You want me to repeat the question or did you get it?
Michael Neidorff: I don't know what happened. I will start right over. I don't know where I stopped. On the rates  the state can adjust under the super ratings [ph] by 1.5% subject to programmatic changes approved by CMS. CMS has been very consistent with the need for actuarial soundness. There have been some states earlier in the year that tried to get them to waive it and they said no. So we'll continue to work with them. The guidance does include those things we know that makes sense to do, have agreed to with the states and maintain actuarial soundness. So we'll continue to keep you informed, but there is no draconian things taking place that we see at this point in time. We also  the FMAP, the Congress is now talking about extending the existing 6% one, and there is some talk about expanding it. You may recall at our investor conference, where the prior Medicaid director from Arizona talked about the need to set a date, where we've been talking to congressional representatives about the need to put a date certain in, so states have a better place the plan  have a better basis to plan for it. So we continue to work through it and it's something we've done ever since we've been in this business. Jeff, anything you want to add on that?
Jeff Schwaneke: No. I think as Michael mentioned, they did extend the FMAP enhancement to 90 days. And I think the biggest point here is that we keep advocating with states that there's just a lot of variables to go on between now and the end of the year, right? You have the COVID costs, you have utilization, you have potential federal stimulus. And so, I would just say if you package all that up, it's very fluid at this moment.
Michael Neidorff: And the second question of
Josh Raskin: Vaccine  the cost of the vaccine.
Michael Neidorff: Yes, the vaccine. We haven't had a lot of discussions. We don't know what the cost is going to be or how were going to do it, and we still have to see the vaccine. So as this unfolds, if I approach states on that now, they're going to say they have more current issues, Josh, really. But historically, that would be a requirement once again to keep things sound. So when things like Hep C came out, we had no trouble, which was very expensive. So I've even heard some talk where the government for public policy reasons or political reasons is talking about making vaccines available for mapping. So we will let that one play out a little bit.
Josh Raskin: Understood. Understood. Thanks.
Michael Neidorff: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ralph Giacobbe from Citi. Please go ahead. 
Ralph Giacobbe: Thanks. Good morning.
Michael Neidorff: Good morning.
Ralph Giacobbe: Just on the rates again. Good morning. Just on the rates again, you did note some near-term or short-term pressure and it sounded like you embedded some of that in guidance. So I guess I'm just hoping to get a little sense of magnitude, the short-term nature like what is that duration? And then if the revenue reduction at all relates to any of these pressures?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. Thanks Ralph. This is Jeff. I mean, again, as Michael mentioned, we're currently in active discussions with our states, and the starting point is rarely the ending point or ending result. And it just  it really isn't constructive for us to publicly discuss our individual state expectations or an aggregate number. That being said, we continue to believe that we're on a path in many states towards finding actuarially sound solutions to the budgetary strain. And we would like to also point out that at this point again, just a reminder of the federal  potential for federal stimulus. So I guess what I'd say is, we've included I think a reasonable assumption of rate adjustments from now to the end of this year. And that is the out of bounds I would say, that's what we're pushing to make sure it doesn't happen, is that we find rates that are actuarially sound and I think that's what Michael just talked about.
Michael Neidorff: Let me help with one other regards. The states in this year, when they saw reduced utilization, they were, oh, you're saving all this money. Well, they now understand that utilization will come back in the second half had it followed that path. And they also see as we usually report it in July, while utilization may be down, elective procedures, that's being offset by COVID costs. So they're now understanding that there is no windfall over the course of the full year. And so  we've told them that you really have to look at these things on a rolling four-quarter basis or a six-quarter basis, because we're experiencing things nobody has experienced. And they're starting to understand that.
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay. That's helpful. And if I could just follow up on that point, returning utilization. I think in the release you talked about it being sort of regionally driven. Can you help in terms of the patterns maybe you saw in areas that were early hotspots like New York and where utilization is there now versus some of the more recent hotspots in the south and where that utilization is? Thanks.
Michael Neidorff: I can tell you what we saw last night, when we eventually went to sleep after getting our scripts done. And Florida had higher utilization for COVID than more ER  more ICU did in New York. But we have to be so careful how we say this, because as somebody opens up, we see a jump in  Missouri, they just announced they're going to roll back some of the things opened up. Restaurants are now back to 25%, bars are closing at 10 o'clock. I mean they're talking virtual schools. So honestly, it's shifty. I mean, Arizona was very low before it's hike. Texas was incredibly high, it's starting to back off a little bit. So it's a variable from day to day. So it's very hard to give you any kind of really specific well-grounded statement. Hope you understand that and that's what we're talking about the dynamic of this thing and making decisions based on how things are right now at this moment.
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay. Fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Charles Rhyee from Cowen. Please go ahead.
Charles Rhyee: Yes. Thanks for taking the question. Sorry, just one more follow-up on the rate. Is there any deadline in terms of when this  when CMS has to make a decision on approving the state's proposals? And could these kind of stretch into next year and just be retroactive?
Jeff Schwaneke: Well, I'm not aware of any deadline. I think it's just more process-oriented than anything, just that it takes time to get the information to the government and obviously there could be some back and forth, if they have questions. So I don't think there's any hard and fast deadline. But sometimes that process just takes a while. And I guess what I would say is it's not like every state has come and said, oh, we need to make rate adjustments. There is a lot of states that we operate in that are just taking a wait-and-see approach.
Michael Neidorff: We gave some rate increases.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. So I guess what I would say is I think it's just going to depend on how this plays out the rest of this year on utilization and COVID costs. And so it's just a handful of states that are thinking about some risk-sharing mechanisms. A lot of our states already had risk-sharing mechanisms in place. And they're good with those. So I think there's just more to come.
Michael Neidorff: I think also there was a case  some cases they're taking the  what the providers are paid down and pass that. I think New Mexico was
Jeff Schwaneke: Yesterday where it was a fee schedule change effectively, so which is primarily neutral for us. But another way  another option that obviously states have.
Charles Rhyee: Great. If I could just follow up, I mean, you've kind of touched on in terms of where we're starting to see things pick up in like Florida and Texas. How are you thinking about whether  are you treating this as a second peak in infections or part of the first peak? And if that's the case, are you still assuming maybe then a third one as we get into the fall winter again?
Michael Neidorff: I think  and I'll say that the epidemiologist that I'm speaking with, I'll be very honest and very candid. I told them that  we told employees we'll give 30 days notice before we reopen. And I said to them, I think maybe I don't see us reopening fully. Everyone will open sooner or later, but until after January 1. And he said to me, one of them said, 'I don't think you'll regret that'. So what we're saying is it's so fluid and so dynamic that it's just moving along  well, I mean, let's talk about what I'm concerned about, none of this affects the performance of this company, just recognizing these things are there, so you deal with it ahead of time and an treat the right expectations. If we have a bad flu season, that, combined with COVID, could be a very serious combination. And so we are working very hard. Now, I want to get this commercial, we're doing a PSA now, people understand it. Everybody is telling us until we have a vaccine, the next best thing to do is wear your mask and encourage others. And I'm going to take some broad advice, I'll tell you what one of my epidemiologist told us, a couple. Tokyo, in Japan, there is 127 million people. And a lot of you know the Asian culture is masked for years, they have gone back in the 80s. Somebody thought they have a cold, you were a mask not to offend somebody. During the time that we had 100,000 deaths, they had 832. In Hong Kong, very congested, during that same period of time with 7 million people, they had four people die because they wore masks. So if we can  it depends. If people start to realize what they can do to help themselves and choose some good judgment, that can impact it. So we're doing all we can, as I am right now, trying to help people to understand it. So, I am hopeful that we will start to mitigate the intensity of the COVID until we have a vaccine. I'm also hopeful that we have a treatment, which will be very important. I was watching on one of the spaces today, there is some talk about that they hope to have some of that. So it's something we've never experienced but I'm comfortable that we have the expertise, the capabilities to deal with it.
Operator: The next question comes from Kevin Fischbeck from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Kevin Fischbeck: Great, thanks. Just wanted to ask about the revenue decline. You mentioned low enrollment. Is there anything in particular you've spike out as to  was it more Medicaid enrollment or exchange enrollment that was coming in lower?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. Yes, Kevin. Thanks. It's on the Medicaid side. And I think what's interesting is it's just  it's sporadic. It's different by state. We saw good growth in Florida, but hardly any growth in California. And so I think what you're seeing is just the dynamics of the unemployment market. But in general, effectively the memberships coming in slower than we would have anticipated and really looking at historical crises, financial crises, and trying to align membership growth, with unemployment is not spot on at this time. So we effectively lowered the membership expectations and that's what the $0.5 billion is for.
Michael Neidorff: And it's still strong growth, I can't emphasize that enough. It's just timing.
Kevin Fischbeck: And I guess the other question I have would be on the exchanges. You guys mentioned that the margins on the exchanges are kind of coming back to normal. I just want to understand how you're thinking about that comment with COVID putting downward pressure on volumes, I would think that margins would be higher. But then you're also I guess giving some waivers on premiums. How are you basing that comment and what are all the puts and takes in there?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. Yes, Kevin. Thanks for the question. I think what I would say is we've kind of included COVID into one line item, right. So you're backing it out of all the product performance and then you're looking at, okay, absent COVID what does it look like. And I think that's what we would have expected for this year. Again in the exchange business we've talked about margins normalizing. And so I think that's in line with what we were thinking. But I would say, as far as the COVID impact, the way we looked at it as we tried to do our best to put COVID into one line item and then look at performance.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay, thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Scott Fidel from Stephens. Please go ahead.
Scott Fidel: Hi, thanks. Good morning. Actually, just wanted to fall back upon the exchange topic as well. And just interested in terms of what  I know it's still pretty early here, but what the enrollment mix is trending like post-pandemic in terms of what you're seeing in terms of acuity and folks coming in from  possibly from previously being employed? And then sort of rolling that forward, I know it's a challenge, but how you're approaching pricing for the exchange business for 2020?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. Yes. I think it's still a little early, but I don't think we've seen anything that would indicate the acuity is different than the larger book. And I guess what I would say is the majority of the customers had previously had health insurance. And the other thing is we've actually got our proportionate percentage, our market share percentage of the growth. But the other thing that's also happened is we've held on to members longer because of the premium assistance effectively. So really you're talking about holding on to members that we've already had and then you have the new enrollments. So the mix is I would say more weighted toward retaining the enrollment that we had at the beginning of the year.
Scott Fidel: Okay. And then just a follow-up question just on one of the stats for Medicare Advantage, it looked like the PMPMs were down sequentially by around 4.5%. Just wanted an update on sort of what drove that? Was it just a change in your accruals on things like risk adjustment, just given the lower utilization that you've been seeing or anything else going on there that you can find for us?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. I can't think of anything unusual that would have impacted the PMPM. It could be mix, but I don't have the specifics sitting here with me right now.
Scott Fidel: Okay. Got it. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Ricky Goldwasser from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ricky Goldwasser: Hi, good morning.
Michael Neidorff: Good morning.
Ricky Goldwasser: First question is on the comment that you made, Michael, I think you talked about taking a holistic view on rates beyond 2020, maybe you can elaborate a little bit about what does the holistic encompass?
Michael Neidorff: I'm sorry, you talked  COVID rates, you said? I missed part of that, Ricky.
Ricky Goldwasser: When you talked about state rates and Medicaid rates, you said you're taking more holistic views on rates beyond 2020 as you think about next year.
Michael Neidorff: Yes. I think we'll continue to work with them. And I have no reason to be concerned. I'm just saying that some states we'll have to continue to work with whom and I'm trying to tell them that they can look at the rates just in one quarter, the results, the utilization. But you need to be thinking about how it rolls forward. And what we anticipate it's going to be happening on a going-forward basis. So my comment was, in essence, a positive comment that we're engaging the state now so they understand that. And as we said, while we haven't announced [indiscernible] states giving us rate increases now and we're working through that with them and when its finalized, we'll announce that as well. So the only comment was expect this to continue, the discussions to continue going forward. And that's in a very positive sense that they want to talk about.
Ricky Goldwasser: And then shifting away from COVID, obviously you brought in a couple of interesting hires to highlight kind of like the tech aspect of the business. What areas on the digital side do you see represent the most immediate opportunities to implement and impact costs?
Michael Neidorff: Well, I think they'll be on board in the next three, four weeks. And we're talking about what they can do to help with the provider experience, the member experience and so there'll be various things there that  for competitive reasons, I'm not going to get too specific, but there are some things there that we think we can do that can move us into a real leadership position in that area. And they have the talent and the capability added to what we have. And we have a lot of great people here doing a lot of that here right now. And so  but it just recognizes where it's moving to and they have the talent to recognize when there are systems and capability that need to be brought it and bolted on. I know we're working aggressively in that area. Hope that helps.
Operator: The next question comes from Lance Wilkes from Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Lance Wilkes: Yes. Good morning.
Michael Neidorff: Good morning.
Lance Wilkes: I just wanted to get maybe a historical context. Obviously, this isn't the first recession that states have encountered. And so if you could just give us some perspective on maybe contrasting the factors in this situation versus maybe the 2008 recession. Our assessments have been that we did see some rate decreases in the 2008 recession. But in general, those are more like in aggregate 1% to 3% kind of declines in premium PMPMs, and some declines in medical cost PMPMs. So MLRs weren't as compressed. Now, obviously that's looking at an aggregate basis. So maybe if you could just kind of put some context, so we could understand maybe the scope and scale we should be considering here.
Michael Neidorff: Okay. Let me  I'll Jeff pick up on some of this, but let me just start off. The difficulty or the issue here and we're dealing with the world I believe is that in economic downturns, there is some historic precedent for what would happen. And what we're dealing with this pandemic is something I guess the last pandemic they say was in 1918, Spanish one. So the issue here is we projected minor spikes in some areas, it's not what happened. So as we've talked to the states, we're helping them understand that the COVID expenses offsetting the reduction in utilization. And so that's the counter-balance to what these cost savings. So Jeff, why don't you?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. I mean, I think, Lance, again, I think back then, we were probably  I was here, we're probably having the same conversations around actuarially sound  actuarial soundness. And if you go back in time and look at our financial performance, I think you'd see it was very consistent during that time period. And I think the other thing to highlight is if you go back to the crisis back in 2008-2009, that's when a lot of organic growth accelerated for us and really driven by states moving to Managed Care in order to help solve their budget problems. And so we believe when states have budget challenges, we're part of the solution, because we can help manage costs and have higher quality outcomes. And so obviously that's some of the activity we're seeing here.
Lance Wilkes: Are you assuming
Michael Neidorff: It's complicated by a lot of politics in the middle of this whole thing too. Everybody recognizes that. I'm just saying what people are recognizing.
Lance Wilkes: Yes, certainly. Are you seeing any differences, I noted that in the expansion population seemed to have a little higher growth quarter-over-quarter for you? Are you seeing differences in behavior as far as kind of state level, where you're seeing the growth, expansion, TANF and public exchange?
Michael Neidorff: No, I think the difference that I would call out and I think I mentioned this before was really some states are growing and some states aren't. And that dynamic is really, really interesting. And I think that just has to deal with the underlying unemployment situation in each individual state. We've had certain states and obviously you guys, I know, go out and download some of the data from the states on Medicaid enrollment, but we've had certain states that have grown 5%, 6%, 7% since March, and we have others in the 1% to 2% range. So I find that dynamic interesting, and obviously different than what we have experienced historically if you go back to the 08, 09 recession.
Lance Wilkes: Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Justin Lake from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Justin Lake: Thanks. Good morning. Can you talk to how WellCare Group is performing relative to expectations both the overall and then give us an update there and then also maybe talk to some of the specific businesses in terms of Medicare Advantage and Part D.
Michael Neidorff: Yes, Jeff.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, I would say WellCare is performing in line with expectations. Obviously, we have the pandemic here. And so, a little bit harder to sort through that, but from our perspective performing in line with expectations and achieving our synergy targets that we've laid out. And I think I mentioned in my prepared remarks that we're still comfortable with our synergy plan and being able to hit those targets that we set out there. As far as Medicare Advantage, their Medicare Advantage continues to grow. I think if you look at this year and you look at our overall combined Medicare Advantage growth, I would say it's been very strong on the WellCare side. You have to remember back in December on the Centene only side, we had a provider termination and an [indiscernible] contract that we lost. And so if you adjust for those, we've actually seen pretty strong growth this year in Medicare Advantage and obviously looking forward to having the WellCare team run the Centene side of the business and looking for a good growth next year.
Justin Lake: Great. And then just a follow-up on membership growth. Can you tell us how much of your  you've got this new COVID membership, I think of 1.4 million. How much of that is coming from lack of churn due to federal macros roles and not allowing this enrollment anymore versus kind of new membership signups being greater. And does the guide still assume the federal emergency ends at the end of September and states can then start this enrolling members again?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. So a good question. I would say, when I look at the March  quarter end March membership compared to June 30th, we're up about 812,000 members, predominant and at-risk members. I would say the majority of that from our perspective is due to the suspension of the redetermination. And I think we mentioned that at our June Investor Day. And so that's why we've kind of delayed our peak membership from August into November because it appears that there has just been a slower take up rate for the unemployment side versus the eligibility redeterminations. And right now we have assumed that the eligibility redetermination, the suspension of that goes through the end of this year because they pushed out the enhanced FMAP for another 90 days. So hope that helps again our new expectations is up 1.4 million in November, 1.4 million peak members in November versus our previous was 1.9 million in August.
Operator: The next call is from A.J. Rice from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
A.J. Rice: Hi, everybody. Just two quick questions  two quick queries of questions. First on the public exchanges, it looks like in the 10-K  10-Q that you've had a $94 million adjustment for the risk adjuster payable. I just want to a true up is that in line with what you had originally factored into your guidance earlier in the year? And is there any comment about the footprint? And whether you'll expand it for the public exchanges next year? And I'll go on and ask my other question, which was about the PBM. There were some things you were this year. I know WellCare extended the CVS contract. You had some other things you were doing at legacy Centene. Have those played out as expected? And is there anything about the COVID crisis that's materially impacted either what you're seeing and script trends or utilization of specialty drugs in the higher acuity population?
Jeff Schwaneke: Well, there's a lot in there A.J., so I may ask to  you may have to refresh my memory on the first ones, but on the PBM side, I think things are playing out as expected and as we anticipated in both the synergy and the transaction. So, again, we're using the combination of all the PBM assets to get the most value there. I think your other question, refresh my memory on your first question that you had.
A.J. Rice: Just the $94 million risk adjuster
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, yes, yes
A.J. Rice: last year?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, yes. That's usually one of the first topics out of the gate here, but given the unusual circumstances, it sits here at the end. I would say, if you recall, roughly 10%, we would have expected $95 million, and that would be a net P&L benefit after RADV adjustment, et cetera, et cetera. I think if you look at the Q, it came in roughly at 63 million, something like that. And again, if you go back to our Q1 earnings call, we talked about the fact that because of the crisis hit in March, we weren't able to really do a lot of the coding efforts that we do. And so, we expected that risk adjustment to be a little bit short and in fact it was.
A.J. Rice: Okay.
Jeff Schwaneke: And as far as marketplace, I think you talked about expansion, obviously we're looking to continue to grow into next year.
A.J. Rice: Yes, okay, got it.
Michael Neidorff: I think that was on the pharmacy, the one thing I will add on the pharmacy, if you recall early in the pandemic, we authorized people to get a moldable month supply things of that nature to accommodate their fears and concerns. So the things that once again that's it makes a little lumpy and choppy, but it's all  it all works out over the period of time.
A.J. Rice: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: The next question comes from Steven Valiquette from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Steven Valiquette: Great. Thanks. Good morning everybody.
Michael Neidorff: Good morning.
Jeff Schwaneke: Good morning.
Steven Valiquette: If you guys commented that the slightly lower utilization in July versus June was primarily related to the spike of cases in certain key states. You also mentioned some hospitals were maybe voluntarily cutting back on some of the elective procedures. So now, it's hard to get too granular on this, but I guess I'm also curious that there's a dynamic that maybe June's stronger utilization as deferred care was rescheduled and performed, maybe July had less of that. And just on deferred care specifically, I guess I'm curious how we should think about any remaining deferred care being performed in the back half of the year as we think about these overall trends. I know it's a lot in there, but just curious to get extra thoughts on that.
Michael Neidorff: Yes. If somebody is deferred, you can't be certain who's deferred one. It was obvious when you saw the reduced trends in April that the things were being delayed. We saw in talking to various hospitals, larger institutions, they said, they're starting to bring it back in. And there's two elements of that. The hospital is being prepared to do it, and the person being prepared to go to the hospital because there is that variable. As it relates to July [indiscernible] hospitals some of them we know, were starting to defer deferred care now. We have to assume that some of those patients were ours, because we have a big membership, but what percent in that, it's early. We don't have the details. As we sit here at this point, it's still July and we want  we haven't closed. So we just  as we said to you, we're going to try and be transparent and tell you what we see as we see it. There were some indication of that, there were some hospitals done it and it's going to vary and that moves from day to day. That's a big problem. The hospitals in Georgia or in Florida, they may have just decided yesterday afternoon, it's time to defer and we hear about it. And how long that stays? That's the difficulty of this pandemic. It's just so dynamic and changing. I wish I could be more, more granular for you, but the moment I do that I'm going to mislead you.
Steven Valiquette: Okay. All right, I appreciate the extra color. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Gary Taylor from J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Gary Taylor: Hi, good morning.
Michael Neidorff: Good morning.
Gary Taylor: Two questions. The first is I believe Michael in your prepared commentary, I think, I wrote it down correctly that you said RFP activity was picking up if I got that correctly. And we're just hoping for a little more detail, if you have any, is that primarily complex populations, would that most likely be 2022 potential revenue impact? And then my second question is just looking for some guidance, Michael, from you and sort of thinking about the Heroes Bill that bump up to a 14% FMAP, $0.5 trillion of state funding? And how stingy the details appear to be leaking out of where the Senate is right now and sort of where ultimately you think we may land with respect to state relief?
Michael Neidorff: Let me start up on the RFP front. We told you, Oklahoma has said, they're going to do it. There were several states that have talked to us about who they might consult with what outside consultants, because they're looking at expanding their marketplace. And they may, if they don't have SSI or long-term care, but I'm not going to disclose who they are because it's not certain and they just  and as they probably asked other companies besides us, who they think their consultants are, but it's a clear indication that they are looking to start to save the money by expanding into those areas and they really understand that. So I have to leave it there. I wish I could be more granular, but I really don't want to  I don't want to mislead somebody. And the second part of the question was
Gary Taylor: About yes, heroes and
Michael Neidorff: Yes, sure, absolutely. Yes. Okay. We know that the House put out two months ago a $3 trillion bill, the Senate was really delaying it and they have about $1 trillion and it's not going to be either, it's going to be somewhere in the middle. Now, the only thing I know with any certainty is I don't think that they will get the $600 and that's this my guess. So if I'm right you could say how smart I am, if I'm wrong, you can kid me about it, the rest of my life. But I don't think they're going to get to 600 because they realized some people were making more being unemployed than being employed. And that  on both sides there are people a little bit the wrong way. So we'll see that change, the FMAP and state support that's in the middle of negotiations now. And I think the FMAP has a chance because they recognize that. Were  our counsel is put a date certain on, as I said earlier. Relative to specific states report support, that's going to be hard. It's an election year, which really complicates this whole thing and there is a little politics being played out there. And so, I'm probably saying I expect it's going to be somewhere between 1.5 trillion to 2 trillion. I think we'll see some FMAP, I am hoping to some improvement there. We're going to see the unemployment. You're going to see another check go after people, some of those things. You're going to see the  if somebody hasn't paid their rent being displaced, you're going to see that probably extended, that type of thing. But I think they're going to be playing on the engine  around the fringes, Gary.
Gary Taylor: Okay, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Sarah James from Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Sarah James: Thanks. I have a clarification about 2Q MLR and then I wanted to talk about technology. So I want to understand the basis of 2Q MLR. At I Day, you talked about getting claims two days slower, and we were estimating that that assumption is MLR 45 basis points. So when you close the second quarter was the assumption that claims are still coming in two days slower? And is that how you're looking at July as well?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, a good question. I think a couple things, if you see the DCP, the days in claims payable, on our press release we've given an explanation down there what is driving some of that days in claims payable. The other piece obviously would be any slowdown in claims from data service to the date we receive the claim. And so, I'd say, there's two components, but the majority is just the actual mathematical calculation, which is what we tried to highlight in the press release.
Michael Neidorff: May I ended up just because of timing, we're going to take probably two or three more questions [indiscernible]. So I learned a long time ago when the board is waiting for the meeting and if you're not there instead of talking to you, they talk about you
Sarah James: Okay. I'll try to be quick with this one then. So you've made some pretty impressive technology hires. Does that indicate a strategy to enhance external sales of your technology products?
Jeff Schwaneke: Technology
Michael Neidorff: Yes.
Michael Neidorff: The hires and whether or not we're going to sell externally.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, I think that's to be determined. I'm not  we're not trying to be like some of our peers that have products that they sell that outside. We're going to focus on what serves our growing population, our growing business first and well, we've had some products historically weve sold, but that decision I'm going to be leaving up to the senior management as they come on board and we see how it affects our competitive position.
Sarah James: Thank you.
Michael Neidorff: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Dave Styblo from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Dave Windley: Hi, good morning. Its Dave Windley. How does your membership  revised membership view both of the peak and timing and the peak and number affect your view of your 2021 revenue?
Michael Neidorff: Let me be consistent with what we said other years at this point and please take it the right way, but we will talk about 2021 at our December Investor Day and to try and frontline our own meeting this far ahead is something we have always historically avoided. So I'm going to defer that question and be non-responsive so to speak.
Dave Windley: Okay. All right. I'll ask a different one. 
Michael Neidorff: Thank you.
Jeff Schwaneke: Thank you.
Dave Windley: As you saw claims getting back, it sounds like got back to normal toward the end of June. Clearly, we're having some spikes here that that kind of deflect the normal course of that line, but I guess I'm wondering what you did see or what you anticipate seeing in the health  healthcare system in terms of its ability to operate at or even above 100% if we  if we're able to get to a relatively normal environment, or maybe you can speak to that from a regional standpoint where regions are in a normal environment now?
Michael Neidorff: What's normal today, I mean, yes, sure there are some regions in the Northwest and may be more normal now, they've settled down. But we see the South picking up. And we thought Missouri and the Midwest was settling down and now we see Missouri, Ohio and other States starting to pick up again. So it seems to come and wait and that's the big issue. It's  what I see you have to make your decisions as it is today, because its so dynamic and we've never seen anything like it. The risk that offset puts and takes, you have  I expect Arizona should start to calm down, they are taking all the tough things they need to do. Florida I think the governor realizes what he has to do, shut some things down and they're trying to do that. So it's  there's no one place that I can say has a fully under controlled today. It's how it pops up and where. So once it gets a little bit under control, they start to say, oh, we can lighten up on the restriction and then it pops up again. The only place I seem to  I can talk with any confidence is some of the European countries where they had a complete shutdown for a couple months and they seem to really have brought it down.
Operator: The next question comes from Matthew Borsch from BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Matthew Borsch: Well, thanks for squeezing me in, I'll just ask one very short, narrow, possibly dumb question, which is on the risk adjusters that you talked about coming in at a lower level for the exchanges, but because of the disruption that delayed your coding, isnt that's something that that would be industry-wide and therefore given the sort of zero sum gain that that you have with the funding there that that you would possibly do as well as you would have without those issues.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, Matt, this is Jeff. Good question. In theory, you would be correct. However, based on the data that we have, we are an outperformer in that area. And part of that, if you recall, a couple of Investor Days ago, maybe a year or two ago, it was one of our Centene forward programs that we put together. And so due to the fact that we're an outperformer to the good of coding efficiency between January and April before you have to send in the data to the edge server, we are disproportionately impacted.
Matthew Borsch: Oh, got it. Okay. Thank you.
Michael Neidorff: Let's take one more and then we have to shut it down because we are running late. And anybody that didn't get your question asked, if we let Jennifer know, we'll try and find a way to get you a response. Anymore?
Operator: Okay. Last question is from George Hill from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
George Hill: Hey guys. Thanks for squeezing me at the end and I'll also try to be brief. You guys talked about Medicaid enrollment being slower in some states than in others with California being slower. I guess, aside from what we think of as kind of the employment demographics, is there anything that you see as kind of driving the difference in the slow down, or I guess anything that, like, what are the  like what do they have in common, I guess, besides the infection rates? And then as we think about the peak enrollment later in the year is the expectation where the California accelerates or kind of Florida continues at a faster pace?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, I think that's even  even some of the states I don't think have the answer for why the members haven't shown up. There was an article the other day about California specifically that I saw where they're trying to figure out the dynamic as well. So I don't think there has been any common denominator is what I would say from our perspective we haven't seen anything that's common across the ones that have grown versus the ones that haven't. And our assumption is that we continue to see growth and there will be, I would say, a lagging unemployment application growth. And there would be some more in California, but not to the magnitude that we've seen in other states. And so again, I think, as I mentioned, we're just going to have to see how this plays out, but we're sitting on 800,000 member growth today and getting to 1.4 million by November doesn't seem impossible. And I think that's a reasonable place for us to put the guidance.
George Hill: Helpful, thank you.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Michael Neidorff for any closing remarks.
Michael Neidorff: I want to thank everybody. And we look forward to the next to the third quarter conference call. And hopefully, we'll have some more clarity on vaccines and other things that will give us a little more certainty as where things are, but rest assured we're going to continue to deal with this as we're confronted with it. Stay well, stay healthy and wear your mask. Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-28 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day. And welcome to the Centene Corporation First Quarter 2020 Financial Results. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After todays presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note todays event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jen Gilligan. Please go ahead.
Jennifer Gilligan: Thank you. And good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on our first quarter 2020 earnings results conference call. Michael Neidorff, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and Jeff Schwaneke, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Centene will host this mornings call, which also can be accessed through our website at centene.com. A replay will be available shortly after the calls completion, also at centene.com, or by dialing 877-344-7529 in the US and Canada, or in other countries by dialing 412-317-0088. The playback number for both dial-ins is 10141297 Any remarks that Centene may make about future expectations, plans, and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provision under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by those forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in Centenes most recent Form 10-Q, filed today April 28th, and Form 10-K dated February 18, 2020 and other public SEC filings, including the risks and uncertainty describe with respect to the potential impact of COVID-19 on our business and results of operations. Centene anticipates that subsequent events and developments will cause its estimates to change. While the company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. The call will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of these measures with the most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our first quarter 2020 press release, which is available on the companys website at centene.com under the Investors section. Additionally, Id to highlight Centenes upcoming Investor Day, schedule for Friday, June 12, 2020. This will use a virtual format and we will provide more information as we get closer to the dates. With that, I would like the turn the call over to our Chairman, President and CEO, Michael Neidorff. Michael?
Michael Neidorff: Thank you, Jennifer. Good morning and thank you for joining Centenes first quarter 2020 earnings call. Id like to welcome Jennifer to Centene as Senior Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations. She has taken the reigns from Ed Kroll who many of you know so well. Wed like to congratulate Ed on his retirement and thank him for his impactful contribution over the years. We look forward to celebrating him in person when gathering together is considered safe. Let me start by saying I hope you, your families, and loved ones are all staying safe and healthy. Our hearts go out to all that have been impacted by the crisis and we are thankful to the essential workers on the front lines and the family supporting them for fighting the pandemic every day. We believe we are in a strong financial position, with a solid balance sheet and abundant liquidity. We have always been effective managers of our balance sheet, which has become more important than ever, as it enables us to fund our priorities, as well as respond to the pandemic. With that, let me start with our response to COVID-19 crisis. Our mission at Centene is clear. We have to provide accessible, high-quality, affordable healthcare to our members, some of whom are among the nations most vulnerable population. As we have seen both the public health and an economic crisis of unprecedented nature and scale unfold, we are acutely aware of the vital role we must play. We have never been more resolute in serving our members, as well as supporting our providers. We will maintain our approach, which focuses on our members co-heal, with exceptionally local and provider over there [ph] Looking at these critical challenges in front of us, our priorities are as follows. First and foremost, is the health and safety of our employees. We have taken significant steps to support our employees and are doing everything we can to protect their health and safety, while ensuring continuity of our operations. To this end, we have implemented our business continuity plans and have taken actions to support our workforce. I am proud that we are able to transition approximately 90% of our workforce to work remotely within just three days. This allowed Centene to continue to operate at close to full capacity without disruption. Id like to give a special thanks to the remaining 10% whose roles are critical and cannot be performed outside the office. Second, it is critically important that we safeguard peoples access to high quality healthcare, especially the most vulnerable in our society. It is with this in mind that we have taken important steps to support our members during the pandemic, including class waivers for both testing and treatment and increased access to our health services. We also announced a series of investments that build on the long standing commitment to address broader social determinants of health. We continue to support initiatives that address hunger, connectivity, and increased demand for healthcare and educational supplies to name just a few. For example, we are donating 1 million meals a month for 12 months to feed our neighbors and communities all over the country and delivering 50,000 gift cards to be used to purchase essential healthcare and educational items. And our third priority is to support the organizations and our partners on the frontlines. As you saw of our exceptionally local provider line approach, Centene has long-standing deep relationships across our provider network. We have initiated a broad range of preference to support those on the front lines. These include, provision of PPE and facilitation of additional medical personnel, across virus hotspots, relaxation of administrative burdens for physicians, and access to financial resources. We will continue to be proactive in thinking through how we can best contribute as the situation evolves. To that end, let me touch on how were thinking through the trajectory of this pandemic. We are preparing for a range of scenarios relating to the shape, intensity and duration of the pandemic. We are in close contact with developing health authorities and we are closely tracking the data and organizations such as the Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation, the CDC and the World Health Organization are providing on an ongoing basis. But it is difficult to predict precisely what future weeks or months will bring, we are prepared for the scenarios, which incorporate a number of key considerations, including, the potential for multiple peaks as local, federal and state government balance the need to reopen economies with the risk of increased viral transmission. And a return to normalization may take some time until we have widely available testing, effective medications, or a safe vaccine. Next, let me provide a brief overview of our performance in the first quarter. Overall, we delivered solid results, including adjusted diluted EPS of $0.86. First quarter revenues were $26 billion, representing a 41% increase on the prior year, primarily driven by the acquisition of WellCare. Organic growth from our marketplace business and the addition of new members through expansion and new programs across our states. Our managed care membership now stands at $23.8 million, including $11.8 million in our Medicaid business, $2.2 million in marketplace and $5.4 million across our Medicare products. As I mentioned, our financial position is robust. We remain focused on ensuring we have the right capital structure and capital allocation policies in place that ensure well continue to effectively manage through this crisis. Now on our full year outlook. Our earnings trajectory remains consistent, as you can see from the unchanged adjusted EPS guidance range. That said, there will be some variability when it comes to how we get there. We expect our results to be choppy from quarter-to-quarter. But overall we continue to view our prior guidance range as the most reliable baseline. Let me offer a few other variables that we continue to monitor. First, membership. We expect economic impact and resulting unemployment to drive increases to members. These increases will be partially reversed as and when the economy reaches the recovery stage. Second, utilization. There have been and are expected to be continued declines in general types of deferrable services, for example, dental and optical business, mostly in the second quarter. Large provider groups expect pent-up demand to return early in the third quarter and continue into our fourth quarter. We expect utilization to increase as restrictions are lifted and members return to more normal pre-pandemic behavior. Third, costs related to COVID-19. We expect to see an impact from the cost waivers for COVID-related testing and treatment during the second quarter, which could continue throughout the balance of the year. The way this dynamic materializes will be dependent on how the pandemic evolves. We also expect costs to be significantly greater in the third and fourth quarter as the intensity of utilization rates increase, especially for members with chronic conditions and other medical needs, which may not have been met during this period of uncertainty. Fourth, intensity and duration of the pandemic. Working with leading epidemiologist, we continue to monitor closely the potential for multiple infection rate [ph] As we prepare for significant levels of seasonality and choppiness, we continue to work with our state partners and other stakeholders, including regulators such as CMS, to establish holistic ways to address these different cost dynamics. We continue to apply an abundance of conservatism to our outlook. We anticipate an increase in membership, but at the same time, acknowledge the fluid nature of the employment landscape. It is prudent to recognize the various unknowns this operating environment creates. We will continue to update you as the impact from the pandemic take shape. If we see developments that materially change our guidance assumptions, we commit to updating you on those immediately outside our regular calendar. Turning to WellCare. The integration remains a positive and important aspect of our operations. The team continues to focus on education and the execution of a seamless transition and delivery of synergies. While our view of the total run rate opportunity remains unchanged, the current operating environment could generate some variability in the timing of synergy capture. For example, in Georgia, the timeline to combine the two plants has been delayed from 2020 to 2021 by the state, recognizing the economic environment and the difficulty of finding new physicians, we are offering extended benefits to those impacted by the integration of such a daunting time for our nation. Jeff, will discuss these dynamics in further detail. In closing, our mission has never been more vital. To date, we have taken significant actions to ensure we serve the most vulnerable during this time of need. We are undergoing rigorous planning processes and will continue to be guided by the facts as we know them, while remaining flexible in this dynamic environment. Our organization is united and our focus to deliver for our members, providers, state partners and shareholders as we face this pandemic together. As noted by our press release, we have raised our revenue guidance, we continue to make significant progress on the WellCare integration, and our balance sheet remains very strong. Now, Id like to turn the call over to Jeff, who will provide the financial details.
Jeff Schwaneke: Thank you, Michael. And good morning. Let me just start by echoing Michaels comments. I hope you and your families are all staying safe and healthy. Today, Id like to keep our discussion of the quarters performance relatively brief, and well spend more time on our outlook in light of the extraordinary circumstances we are facing and provide you with more detail on our expectations for the year. Overall, it was a good start to the year. We reported first quarter revenues of $26 billion, an increase of $7.6 billion or 41% over the first quarter of 2019. As a reminder, we also closed the WellCare acquisition this quarter and completed several other capital structure items that are included in our first quarterly report as a combined company. The closure of the acquisition and the inclusion of WellCare in the results beginning January 23rd has impacted a lot of the usual metrics. Id also refer you to the detailed explanations in our press release. We reported adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.86 compared to $1.39 last year. Both diluted earnings per share and adjusted diluted earnings per share for the first quarter were negatively affected by approximately $0.05 associated with lower investment income and higher interest expense. Our investment in other income was $167 million during the first quarter compared to $99 million last year and $126 million last quarter. The increase over last year reflects the gain on the divestiture of our Illinois business, as well as higher investment balances, partially offset by the sharp decline in interest rates in March, which negatively affected the fair values of some of our bond portfolios that flow through earnings and our deferred compensation investment portfolio, which fluctuates with its underlying investments. Interest expense was $180 million for the first quarter 2020 compared to $99 million last year and $113 million last quarter. The increase reflects a net increase in borrowings related to the issuance of an additional $7 billion in senior notes in December 2019 to finance the cash consideration of the WellCare acquisition and the $2 billion in senior notes issued in February 2020. We decided to defer the redemption of the 2022 senior notes as a result of the COVID pandemic to maintain further flexibility. Operating cash flow used in operations was $240 million in the first quarter. Operating cash flow was negatively affected by a delay in premium payment in New York of approximately $700 million and the growth in the PDP business, which used working capital. Given that the COVID pandemic did not accelerate in the United States until the second half of March, we experienced a minimal impact during the quarter in terms of claims. We did experience a significant drop in dental and vision claims, which was offset by investments in our technology and employee infrastructure to support a work from home environment and a higher COVID costs in our international operations, primarily in Spain, which was affected much earlier in March. Turning now to our outlook for 2020. Broadly, we are maintaining our guidance for the bottom line, demonstrating our ability to navigate this environment. That said, the pandemic has impacted the various dynamics that affect our business. I want to take a few minutes and highlight the headwinds and tailwinds of the current environment on the top and bottom line to provide as much transparency as possible in terms of how we believe these dynamics could potentially play out through the remainder of the year. First, total revenues. Setting aside the effects of the pandemic, we are increasing our total revenue guidance by $2 billion at the midpoint. This is driven by an increase in pass-through payments of $1.3 billion and $700 million due to actual membership and premium changes as we exited the first quarter. Second, as a result of the higher unemployment rate in the US, the suspension of eligibility redeterminations and our product mix, we are increasing our total revenue guidance by an additional $4 billion at the midpoint, bringing our total guidance increase to $6 billion at the midpoint. We are also widening our guidance range, reflecting the lack of visibility with regard to the magnitude and duration of the high unemployment rate in the US. We have seen early evidence of membership growth in April driven primarily by state suspending eligibility redeterminations and special enrollment periods for Marketplace businesses in some states. However, we are also conscious that some of these trends may lessen significantly as economic conditions improve. We now expect our total revenues for 2020 to be in the range of $110 billion to $112 billion. Next, GAAP and adjusted diluted earnings per share. There are numerous items that affect the bottom line, and Im going to highlight those that are most material. As I just discussed, the additional membership will be a tailwind to 2020 earnings, particularly in our Medicaid business, although we expect normalization of enrollment during the second half of the year as the economic recovery progresses. Next, utilization. While we saw a minor effect of lower utilization on the first quarters results, we expect to see a significant impact of shelter in place policies on utilization rates during the second quarter. We also expect a potential reversal of these trends during the second half of the year. While we cannot, at this stage, predict the exact scale and scope of normalization, as this will be highly dependent on where we will be in the economic recovery at that time, we expect that there will be pent-up demand for medical services in the back half of the year. We also expect that the deferral of medical services may lead to higher cost of treatment once members return to seeking medical care, as their health issues may have become more acute. In terms of the cost impact of COVID-19 and the waivers for test and treatments, we expect the bulk of those costs to begin in the second quarter and continue through the second half of the year. We also expect lower investment income and higher interest expense due to the lower interest rates and maintaining the 2022 notes. On another note, we expect our marketplace risk adjustment efforts for 2019 to be lower than our previous expectations as a result of the current environment. Finally, while we continue to expect to achieve our run rate synergy target of $700 million associated with the WellCare acquisition, the timing of synergy capture will be affected due to shifting regulatory timelines and relax provider policies in the current environment. We expect our synergies to be lower than our previous expectations in year one. At this point, it is too early to predict the effect on synergies for 2021, but we continue to drive to the $500 million net synergy target. When you combine all these items, we continue to expect adjusted diluted earnings per share to be in the same range as our previous guidance. We have a strong balance sheet and are well positioned to meet our operational and strategic needs from a liquidity perspective. We have taken proactive measures to strengthen our liquidity even further in this environment. We had approximately $2 billion of unregulated cash on hand at the end of the first quarter, and approximately $1.4 billion available on our revolving credit facility, creating almost $3.5 billion of immediate liquidity. The increase in leverage at quarter end was intentional, driven by the decision to defer the redemption of our 2022 senior notes. This increased our cash on hand and our debt by $1 billion each at quarter end, driving our debt-to-capital ratio to 41.9%, excluding our non-recourse debt. Our debt-to-capital ratio would be 38.9% when netting our unregulated cash with our debt at quarter end. In addition, as we highlighted at our earnings guidance call in early March, we utilized $500 million of the divestiture proceeds to repurchase shares at a weighted average price of $57.66 during the quarter. As we progress through this year, we will continue to revisit our capital structure and adjust as appropriate. Overall, we had a good start to the year and have a strong balance sheet and liquidity position for the environment we are dealing with today. That concludes my remarks. And operator, you may now open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question today will come from Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America. Please go ahead, sir.
Kevin Fischbeck: Great. Thanks. I want to - I appreciate the EPS bridge that you guys walked through. I would love to get a little more color though about how much of what you are seeing as kind of an impact is going to flow through into next year? I guess, the expectation, if we assume that COVID is  you think rate will be back to normal next year, would you assume, how much of that interest headwind is going to persist into next year versus paying it down the synergy capture? Do you get back to normal a year or two achievement, or does that  has everything kind of get pushed back six to 12 months? I just love to go through those items and kind of see which ones are kind of more this year versus maybe have an impact beyond 2020?
Michael Neidorff: Kevin, Ill start off. I think the biggest issue we have is, weve never seen it like this before. We have seen all the models. We  its difficult to model when you have no prior experience. And the biggest issue I see is, for example, unemployment, it could reach as high as 20%. Its right now around 15%. Thats depression level. And the forecast I see, say that in the first quarter, first half of next year, youre not going to see a normalized return, even if they have the vaccine because youre going to have probably 7%, 9% unemployment. And so what the various programs are - so while we would love to be able to say, this is what it is. Our planning assumptions have to be to take it quarter-by-quarter. And thats why we thought it's very important to maintain guidance because we really believe thats achievable. But thats a baseline from, which we can judge when you have nothing out there, whats the baseline for what you compare and look at. And so I wish I could say what I think 2021 will be. Im hoping if it to be improved. We dont even know how many peaks were going to have this year. Were trying to return to work. We understand. Im giving a long-winded answer. Its the things we talk about. And I work with epidemiologists. And they keep telling me that the return to work before we have the - in a massive sort of way, the vaccine, its unpredictable where this is going to go. And I think the earliest we hear, hopefully, vaccine sooner, but first half of next year is probably the earliest well see an effective well-tested vaccine. So, I guess, what Im saying is, as we plan through this, were going to do rolling quarters and try and get a sense as we look at the models of what unemployment is going to be and whats that mean to our business, what support the states will be able to provide. I wish I could be more definitive.
Kevin Fischbeck: No, thats fair. And then maybe you mentioned the $4 billion of extra revenue. I guess, how do you think about the MLR on that business? I guess, the last time, if I remember correctly, there was some pent-up demand on the new Medicaid enrollment for the first six to nine months. And obviously, on exchanges, you might get some of that COBRA membership that was high MLR dripping onto the exchanges. How do you think about the MLR of that new $4 billion?
Michael Neidorff: Well, I think the MLR, I mean from the new membership, I think I have to take the approach that its fairly normalized. But at the same time, these are people who have just lost the jobs than they may have had insurance previously. So, they may not have a lot of pent-up demand and maybe some. Thats part of the variable were dealing with. But the biggest issue is when are people returning to work? We - everybody believes that we - our visual planning was that the second quarter, we would see reduced utilization. Now, the issue there is, I am talking to major hospitals, went just right here in St. Louis [indiscernible] and others. They are doing everything they can to get things back to normal today and get people back in because of their income and everything is being affected by it. And they dont want people to lose confidence in the hospitals. So, while I thought we may not see any until July, third quarter. Were now - we may now see it well in May and June starting to return, which means it will be a more normalized MLR. So, we are typically and Jeff can go into more detail, we are typically booking from historical levels, expecting that because - I'll give you one more big variable and that said. That was true when we looked at the first quarter. The submission of bills does not have a normal pattern because the people who do it and physician and other offices who are working from home are not doing it. And so I - being our lag team, we have the finest. Ive had the greatest confidence in them. Its all predicated on data service to submission of bill. And thats been thrown out of whack and will be for 12 months until it normalizes. So, it's a long-winded answer again, but this the toughest thing. So, I think the MLRs will normalize, and Jeff can talk about why the increase in Q1, which was anticipated, and we talked about it historically. But Jeff, why dont you give a little more color on the MLRs.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yeah, I think we highlighted in the press release, obviously, the Q1 MLR and exchange normalization. Obviously, the addition of WellCare and the blending of the two companies. WellCare has a higher HBR in the first quarter because they dont have a significant marketplace business. And then obviously, they had a lot of growth in the PDP business this year, and thats the highest MLR for the PDP businesses in Q1. We had new markets with the start-up of the LTSS in Pennsylvania and obviously, Iowa carrying over from last year, we had leap year; we had the effect of New York rates. So, I guess, a lot of things that were driving the MLR in - on a year-over-year basis higher, partial  part of that was offset by the health insurer fee, but
Michael Neidorff: I think what Ill just add is, I think weve talked to people recognize our systems and its allowed us to be on top of it to the maximum extent possible. And I think well  as we go through the quarters, well be able to give more color. But thats why I made the statement because it is unusual to do that. But this is so variable that if we see some trend develop that we have some confidence and is real and realistic and material, we are not going to wait to the next earnings call to tell you. We're going to issue the 8-K or whatever, I set up a call, whatever because thats the world were living in. It requires a different approach. And you can count on us continue to keep you informed as quickly as we know things. Operator Thank you. Our next question will come from Matthew Borsch of BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead with your question.
Matthew Borsch: I just - as we try to better understand how the patterns of behavior and care changed. What  is there anything you can spike out in terms of the care patterns that youre seeing between Medicaid, commercial, marketplace and Medicaid?
Michael Neidorff: Im not sure that there is a lot of differences right now. I think everybody is very much focused on the safety, home avoidant. The biggest issue we see right now is delayed services. And I am very candid, Matt, what worries me is there is some  and I'll give you just - this is anecdotal, but I was talking to the head of the Pancreatic Cancer at Washu and surgeon. And he was saying how hospitals are not so much and that they're doing surgery where it's emerging and necessary. But there are people that are saying, in other locations, non-specific, well, we have to do maybe chemo before we do the surgery, because of the surgical suites and things. So the patterns of care are going to be adjusted based on what the availability is of hospitals and the PPE, et cetera. So its difficult, and I dont think we can call out a difference in the various populations because its the pandemic kind of overrides it all.
Matthew Borsch: And maybe just one more on pent-up demand. Some experience, maybe this is anecdotal, suggests that the delayed care doesnt necessarily flow through that maybe more than half of it goes away. I realize we certainly dont have - for this experience. But Im just wondering if you could comment on that?
Michael Neidorff: Well, Ill make two comments. While it seems like ER utilization that wont mean  when that's not  ER that's gone, but thats a small percentage of it. Its  because there's still people going in ER because they worry about the pandemic and that type of thing. But I cant say that other care will not return. In other words, if someone needs back surgery, they may have delayed it in the  to an exercise thing, but its going to come back. And theres a balance, there may be some cases that they say, well, Id lived with that, I can do without it. But theres some with the intensity and they probably be more acute. So, as you summarize it, weve never lived this way. I always tell people, experience is a sum of experiences and nobodys had any experience in this to where they can rely on anything. So, its youre guess or my guess.
Matthew Borsch: Okay. Thank you.
Michael Neidorff: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Josh Raskin of Nephron Research. Please go ahead with your question.
Josh Raskin: Hi, thanks. Good morning. Good morning, Michael.
Michael Neidorff: Good morning.
Josh Raskin: So, first question is just on the headwinds that you spoke about, Im curious if we could get a little bit more color on the sizing. And I know its imperfect, and theres no experience, but even just relative magnitude of whats biggest versus smallest, et cetera, on the WellCare synergies on the COVID costs? And maybe any color on if states are talking about direct reimbursement or to kick payments as weve done in the past? And then if you could just talk a little bit more about those risk adjustment initiatives. Im not sure I fully understood that.
Michael Neidorff: Okay. Ill let Jeff respond. So, Ill just talk a little bit to give you an example of the WellCare synergies. I mean, the State of Georgia is - because of their capability to do the readiness and everything else, they delayed the combination of the two plans for a year. We can live with that and it doesnt mean that citizens wont be, it will just be delayed. Another thing weve done, and I alluded to is with the unemployment rate being what it is in individuals who - where we done and just through the sheer combination, weve extended their severance pay and their benefits. You just dont  thats just the humanistic side of things. Its not their fault. They are a very capable people. But - so weve extended that. And thats a few million dollars here and there. But its that type of thing. And then Jeff can comment on the others.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, Josh, this is Jeff. Just a couple of quick things. Obviously, weve sized the revenue piece in our revenue guidance and you can imagine, as with our income statement, the sizing of the categories is revenue and cost would be the - from a dollar perspective just because theyre the largest dollar captions on the financial statement. So, real quick on the risk adjustment initiatives. I mentioned in my prepared remarks around 2019 risk adjustment. As you may be aware, usually, in the first half of 2020 or the first half of every year, theres a significant amount of chart chase effort that goes on. Even though risk adjustment is relative to your competition, we have data that would indicate that were disproportionately affected because we do a better job of capturing codes. And so because of what happened in March, that submission date goes through May. Because of what happened in March, we think there is going to be an effect there on the 2019 risk adjustment. And its kind of hard to size the magnitude at this point, but you can think about it in that context. Delay in WellCare synergies, again, I think weve mentioned in the past that the WellCare transaction was effectively breakeven without the share repurchase. I think wed still be at breakeven, but you would include the share repurchase this year. So, I think from a transaction perspective that can give you a relative size on the synergy shift. And again, were still trying to capture those synergies. But as Michael mentioned, there is obviously some regulatory changes that will delay some of that capture.
Michael Neidorff: No, I think, Josh, I just want to make one other comment. We put in the press release, some of the things that have impacted it, the pluses and minuses. And we didnt put - we put the one place weve had the knowledge of the interest, we put the $0.17 a share. But we wanted to give investors the sense that these are the things were watching. And the order of magnitude in this current environment is yet to be fully determined.
Josh Raskin: And then are the states reimbursing for COVID treatment costs? Are you having discussions? And I understand youre now in literally dozens and dozens of states, but - and its all sort of individual. But are you getting feedback the states are going to pay for those treatment costs?
Michael Neidorff: Well, I mean, it is going to be within our premium. Its a  we have the premium, and we have to look and see where the whole total, which will see how many of our members actually have the cost. And so if there is an issue, well sit down with the states, but thats going to vary state-by-state.
Josh Raskin: All right. Im sorry, last one. Just on the $4 billion of higher revenues, not the past or the actual higher revenues, how much of that is Medicaid versus exchanges in terms of the expected growth?
JeffSchwaneke: Yeah, Josh, I mean, its hard to bifurcate. I will tell you on the Medicaid piece, I would say the large portion of thats in the Medicaid side because the eligibility redetermination is suspension, right? So in order for states to get the FMAP, the enhanced FMAP, they have to suspend the eligibility redetermination process. And so when I mentioned that weve already seen increases in April, part of thats because of the eligibility redetermination suspension.
Josh Raskin: Perfect. Thank you.
Michael Neidorff: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sarah James of Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
Sarah James: Thank you. Can you provide us some color on your conversations with states around budget pressure and whether that could impact rates or program changes?
Michael Neidorff: Obviously, states have budget pressures. I mean, municipalities, everything with reduced tax revenues. But in our conversations, we remind them that the FMAP was 6% in recent legislation, youre going to talk about moving it to 12%. So, that their revenue and their cost of the sharing for these premiums will be absorbed more by the federal government. So we have to work and see how it all plays out. But were confident that the revenue will be there. Most states understand the cost and the need to still be and CMS has been very clear. Some states have asked for  some  they ask for a waiver or change on actuarial soundness, and CMS said clearly, no. They understand that. So the basic principles Sarah, is still there. And thats where the strength of our balance sheet comes in handy that we can  we have the strength and where were all to work with them and get issues resolved.
Sarah James: Great. And can you just remind us from the last recession, I know that there is more actuarial soundness by a rate sell level protection that came in, there is other Obamacare protections that came in. So if we went back to last time, were their program cuts? And would that even be possible this time? Or is there too much for the states to lose?
Michael Neidorff: Yeah. I dont really recall program cuts. I think the states are doing everything they can to normalize these types of things. And I feel for them. I mean, their biggest pressure right now is on the education, more so than our system. And if more schools are out of session  theres that type of thing. But I don't think were at risk. I think healthcare is something that needs there and they realize that actions that reduce it and reduce the programs really come back to haunt them very quickly.
Sarah James: Thank you.
Michael Neidorff: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Charles Rhyee of Cowen. Please proceed with your question.
Charles Rhyee: Yes Thanks for taking the question here. Just wanted to maybe touch on, you know, you were talking about earlier about potential for multiple kicks. And just kind of thinking about when you are thinking about the - your guidance, particularly as we get to the end of the year, are you anticipating sort of a second wave for October 19 to recur and as you think about some of the delays youre expecting particularly in WellCare synergies et cetera, are you assuming that sort of COVID-19 is more of a regular current as we kind of go forward, so as we think about 2021, should we be thinking about sort of this recording until it becomes more normalized I guess. Thanks.
Michael Neidorff: Ill tell you the factors were thinking about. I feel like Im being two for both, so Ill try and keep it. The epidemiologist, Ill give you a factor. I havent seen much - having much about, there is a factor that measures the intensity of the virus in somebody. And what people dont realize is that in the first three days if somebody has contracted the virus, it is at the highest acuity and intensity. So, you have people walking around that have the virus, who dont know they have it and spreading it more. I really remember, I think it was one person came from China, got this whole thing started here. And so when we look at the peaks, what we worry about is that kind of factor and to what extent people take the steps to protect themselves. Were planning on  weve said  were telling employees let us going out today that we expect that - we know we will not open before the end of May, and that may be pushed back another 30 days. Just in the abundance of conservatism and caution. But were installing equipment that will measure employees' temperatures when they come through the turn-styles that go to work. Were working hard to get what we call seat partitions, a six-foot high partitions in. Were working to figure out how we get random testing in. Those are the kinds of things that you do to try and minimize it. And somebody seems asymptomatic or symptomatic, send them home. But we dont know, but we are saying that if there is a second and - peak, we have to be ready for it in terms of PPE, what were going to do, working at home. So we want to get people back in the office because its more efficient because you develop people more and were a high-growth industry. But we have to be ready as we were last time. And I am very proud of the IS people. They say, in three days had 66,000 people working at home with the training, everything on iPad just got it all set up. So, when we talk about planning for it, we plan to say, okay, what can we do to improve it? And they make it more - even more productive at home and protect those essential workers as they come. So, I dont have an answer. We just have to figure out what happens if we do and whats our response going to be. And pray it doesn't  pray they have medicines that protect and cure this thing until we get a vaccine.
Charles Rhyee: Thank you. Maybe if I could just add one more. To an earlier question, you talked about delays in the WellCare synergy capture. I think you previously indicated that synergies would be split between sort of 50, 50 between medical costs and SG&A. When you consider delays that are you are expecting now, does that skew to one or the other more so? Thanks.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yeah. I would say the delay would skew more to the medical line is what I would say. Not much, but a little bit.
Michael Neidorff: Okay. But you also  Jeff said, there's some offsets there, so that our breakeven in the first 12 months is still there.
Charles Rhyee: Great.
Michael Neidorff: I mean, we tell people were  we like to think of ourselves as managers
Charles Rhyee: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Scott Fidel of Stephens. Please proceed with your question.
Scott Fidel: Hi, thanks. Good morning everyone.
Michael Neidorff: Good morning.
Scott Fidel: First question, just interested if you could maybe help us just walk through some of the key dynamics that you are seeing in the New York market, just given, obviously, how much more disrupted the dynamics have been there. So specifically, obviously, there were the delays in payments, whats the visibility you have on getting paid in New York, the final rate updates that you saw on the budget from New York? I think it ended up down 1.5%, but interested in what you are seeing there? And then also just from the member perspective in terms of sort of COVID cost impacts and just what you are seeing with the membership base in New York?
Michael Neidorff: Jeff, do you want to start that?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yeah, Ill start on a couple of things. So, on the delayed payments, as you all may be aware, its New York's fiscal year end. So its not uncommon for states to delay their payment for a few days at the end of their fiscal years, which is what happened. So weve subsequently been paid. On the rates, the rates still arent final. So we really dont have any update I would say, thats with some finality, based  compared to what we said on the March 3rd and March 4th when we gave guidance. So there is no real change there from that perspective. And what was the  your last one? I mean
Scott Fidel: Just medical costs, essentially, Jeff, just in terms of COVID, members being impacted, things like that?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yeah, weve certainly seen some costs from New York as compared to our other states. But in general, and this is no different than, I guess, what Ive mentioned in the prepared remarks. As we sit here today, the amount of, I would call it, paid dollars associated with COVID has not been substantial, right? So there is, obviously, a delay from when the people seek services and when we obviously get the bills in-house. And so we havent seen a large amount sitting here today?
Michael Neidorff: Yeah. I mean, the normal submission patterns just arent there right now. Thats part of the variables. I mean, its things we havent seen before.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Steve Valiquette of Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Valiquette: Okay, great. Thanks. Good morning, everybody. So a couple of questions here. I guess, first, from an actuarial perspective, I dont know how much you can dive into this or not. But I guess I am curious if you are able to give a little more color just on how you approached the medical reserve process for the full year calendar 2020, just in relation to COVID-19 medical cost? And was there any bias to potentially over-reserve just out of an abundance of caution? And then you obviously see how the prior period reserve develops later this year and early next year. And also tied to - I'm curious, just big picture. Did medical reserves for the full year for COVID-19 have any material impact on the MLR that was reported in 1Q 20 in particular just to clarify that as well. Thanks.
Michael Neidorff: Ill start off a little bit and then let Jeff give you a little more color on it. But we are looking at what is a normal reserve. And thats our starting point. Now, I will say that I use the words abundance of conservatism. I would hope that were going to be somewhat conservative in our bookings where there is all these variables because Ive often said, I mean, Id much rather come back to you in 12 months, I said, nine months whatever and say we had a prior period positive adjustment than a negative adjustment. And thats - but even that, its just because these are things weve not seen before, submission patterns, so many variables here that were using historic patterns. I think its fair to say, Jeff, is a starting point. And so I dont feel there was anything variable. But thats been the basic approach. I dont know you want to add to that.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yeah, just in general, just to maybe get a grounding point, the actuarial standards require reserving under moderately adverse conditions. And anytime theres uncertainty, generally, you would add additional margin or additional cushion, if you will, because of the uncertainty of the environment youre in. So, two things, we can only accrue for and record our best estimate of what we think our claims liability is going to be under the accounting standards. And that best estimate would only be for claims that we believe have occurred prior to quarter, month or year-end. And so at the end of the first quarter, that's what we did. To Michaels point, early - in the first quarter as we closed the books, we did not really see any difference in the claim submission patterns. It looked like the claims that we received were in line with our forecast. And so we recorded a normal level of reserve. Thats why we indicated that in the first quarter that COVID didnt really have an effect. And thats because in a normal month, we really only receive a very small percentage of the claims for the last two weeks of the month. So, hopefully, that gives you a little insight on Q1 and kind of how the reserving process works.
Steve Valiquette: Okay, that perfect. Appreciate the color. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question will come from Dave Windley of Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
David Styblo: Hi, there. Good morning. It's Dave Styblo in for Dave Windley. Just a follow-up on the first quarter MLR and to understand, I think previously, you guys had indicated that the MLR would be up year-over-year. And I think consensus maybe took that to be about 50 basis points, and obviously, was up over 200 basis points. I just want to make sure that there werent any other major differences that came up during the quarter that affected it, whether that would be a mix issue for more PDP lives and the WellCare book or some of the investments that you might have made in the quarter, knowing that volumes are going to be a little bit lighter going forward, just to help understand the delta again between consensus and what you were previously talking about?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yeah, I appreciate the difficulty in modeling the Q1 MLR, HBR. Obviously, we had a lot of moving parts, specifically with the closure of the WellCare transaction and the proration of their results. We also divested three businesses, two Legacy WellCare, one Legacy Centene. And so it became challenging. We did not - we did not give a MLR Q1. What we did do was in early March, when we gave our guidance, we indicated that the high 80s to low $0.90 range from an adjusted earnings perspective. And the way I would think about that is if you look at the $0.86, we had $0.05 that was purely driven by what happened in the second half of March with interest rates. And so that was unknown to us at the beginning of March when we gave our guidance. And so I guess from that perspective, we would, kind of, view we were in line with what we told people at the beginning of the month. And, obviously, we said COVID costs were neutral. And so that's where we were from our perspective. We didn't give really any guidance on the Q1 MLR. And we appreciate its higher, but a lot of the things that I think I highlighted earlier were really the drivers. We previously talked about exchange normalization, yet the addition of WellCare, which runs a higher MLR in the first quarter. And specifically, they did have a significant PDP growth, which its the highest MLR for the quarter, new markets in Pennsylvania. We have leap year and then, of course, the New York rate effect. And so I guess from our perspective, its kind of where we thought it would be.
Michael Neidorff: Im going to jump in here. We have an annual meeting coming up in a few minutes. So Im going to ask everybody to try and limit the questions because were going to run out of time here in about 10 minutes. Please continue.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from A.J. Rice of Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
A.J. Rice: Hi, everybody. Just real quick. One point of clarification on the revenue increase. You referenced the special enrollment for the public exchanges and the lack of predeterminations. Does that account in your mind for the full $4 billion increase? Are you assuming as the year progresses, you'll see incremental Medicaid enrollment due to the weakness in the economy? And maybe split that out between what you actually have in hand now and what youre sort of anticipating as the year progresses? And then just real quick, any update on North Carolina or other states that are either in the RFP process or in the rollout phase of new business?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yeah, A.J., youre spot on. It would include both our prediction on the higher unemployment as well. So it's both components, eligibility redetermination, suspension and higher unemployment. Im not going to split those out at this point in time because, I think, as Michael mentioned, theres a lot of uncertainty here. So we were comfortable with the number in aggregate, and I think thats what were going to stick to at this point. As far as state updates, Im not aware of any significant updates, I think, we still have North Carolina in for 10.1 [ph] Well have to see how that plays out.
Michael Neidorff: Yeah. States right now arent talking a lot about the rollouts of that. So I mean, were waiting to still hear from several, but Ill call in saying whats new they are going to say, have you just played bit and week will have just woken up?
A.J. Rice: Yeah. Okay, thanks.
Michael Neidorff: Thanks, A.J.
Operator: Our next question will come from Justin Lake of Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Justin Lake: Thank you. Good morning. Just two things here. One quick follow-up on MLR question. The MLR for the full year, can you give us any color in terms of where you think about that directionally relative to the previous guidance? I think it was 85.9 and 86.3?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yeah, I guess, heres what I would say, Justin. I mean, obviously, theres a lot of uncertainty here with respect to the cost line and the pandemic and everything. I would say, excluding the effect of the pandemic, our range would still hold. The real variable is going to be how the costs play out for the year, both the revenue and the cost play out for the year associated with the pandemic here.
Justin Lake: Sure. But within - you took up the topline, you took down investment income. I assume SG&A benefits a little bit, and it hit a little bit. But in terms of the MLR, youre just saying we still think that number is good relative to the EPS guidance or do you think it would be higher or lower?
Justin Lake: It would still be within the range. But again, I mean, theres just a lot of uncertainty here.
Michael Neidorff: Assuming plus and minus, Justin. Your guess is
Justin Lake: Yeah. I don't know about that. And then just my question, just a quick follow-up on this FMAP and the redeterminations and the lack thereof. Im curious; I know you don't want to delineate the exact revenue benefit from this. But can you share with us what the typical turnover is or churn rate is from redeterminations, thats not going to happen now or some level of some period of time. On a monthly basis, I've heard numbers like 3% to 5%. Im just curious what you've experienced over time.
Michael Neidorff: We said - we had commented prior to all this that the redeterminations were tailing off because they have gone through it. So, redeterminations right now would be very difficult if they wanted to do it because of the number of people have lost jobs and where we are. So, to try and put any percentage on it, we just - when we had our White House meetings, we raised the redeterminations and balanced billing is two things that the regulations had to deal with and I guess they heard us.
Justin Lake: Okay. Thanks for the color.
Michael Neidorff: Thank you.
Jeff Schwaneke: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question will come from Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Ricky Goldwasser: Yes, hi. Good morning and thank you for the comments. A couple of questions here. First of all, obviously, a lot of uncertainty, but MA bids are due soon in June. So, how are you thinking about those? And then the second one, Michael, more kind of
Michael Neidorff: I'm sorry; I missed that first one, Ricky. Could you repeat the first question? I didn't hear it?
Ricky Goldwasser: Yeah, the first one is just on the MA bids and how are you thinking about pricing for next year, given all the uncertainty? And then the second one, when you just think longer term, given that this pandemic and the public health crisis, how do you think about expanded government role in healthcare as a result of this?
Michael Neidorff: Well, I think theres two aspects of it. One, on the bids, our group will continue to work through the normal process and they have to go through and look at their - as they always do. So, I see no change there. The governments role, I dont think this is a time that politically, economically, socially, or any other way that I see a shift there. I think this is a time when you want to keep as much constant as you can because there is enough variables out there. So, I dont see any real shifting taking place there.
Ricky Goldwasser: And then just lastly on the MLR. I know a lot of uncertainty. And I think - thank you for the comment and what you are seeing in St. Louis and in terms of hospitals are actually starting to potentially go back to a more normalized environment or a new normal in May and June versus July. But within the MLR guidance that you provided, you said that obviously, second quarter is going to be meaningfully below the second half. Should we think right now with current guidance that second half is going to be in line with what weve seen in the first quarter or higher than that? Just that we have some context.
Michael Neidorff: Well, I think I said that we anticipated the MLR would be lower in the second quarter, but even thats now up for a change as people are trying to come back. So I think all I can really say is its going to be lumpy from quarter-to-quarter, and its going to be very difficult to project it. I mean, its just - as we see something that we can say, well tell you, but its just going to be very lumpy. And tell me how it researches. I mean its just  I don't want to predict something when we  when the uncertainty is so great. Were just managing through it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Lance Wilkes of Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Lance Wilkes: Yeah, morning. Just wanted to talk about, kind of balance sheet impacts and the flow-through in net investment income. And I was just interested if you could talk to both what regulators are having to do and what you guys are doing with respect to premium payments from states, allowing delays in that, premium payments from individuals and public exchange? And then on the payables side, what youre doing as far as extending or accelerating payables? And what, kind of, impact thats having on that $0.17 for the full year impact on net investment income?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yeah. Just  this is Jeff. Just real quick. Its not really having an effect. I mean, the $0.17 is really just driven by the lower interest rates. I mean, half of our investment portfolio is effectively set aside to pay claims, and its invested in short term daily liquidity instruments. And so when you lower the short-term interest rates substantially, that just has an effect, right? And then the other piece of that number would be the higher interest cost. We were going to redeem our 2022 bonds. Instead, we've decided to defer that redemption and leave those  leave that cash on the books. And so there is a higher interest cost there. And those were 4.75% notes. And so thats really what's driving the $0.17. On the provider front, we have historically and continued to pay claims as fast as we can. So I think Michael historically has told stories if a claim comes in today and its a clean claim, its automatically adjudicated, its ready to be paid the next day. And so thats  weve run it that way for a long time. So it hasnt had any impact, if you will, on the payable side.
Lance Wilkes: And any impact on the receivable side on the individual or anything?
Jeff Schwaneke: No, no. I mean, certainly, weve seen some members have delayed payments, but we just havent made it that far yet, right? I mean its been 30, 40 days or so here, so well just have to see how that plays out.
Lance Wilkes: Got you. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question will come from Mike Newshel of Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Mike Newshel: Thanks. I wanted to follow-up on the Medicaid rate situation in New York. Earlier, Jeff, I think you were referring to the rate cuts that were already implemented in January, and can there's still some discussions so a possibility that will be adjusted, is that right? And then in addition to that, for the Medicaid cuts in budget for the new fiscal year, is there any update on where things stand with the redesign team thats figure out the details there, whether premium cuts or other changes affecting you or the mix of what theyre considering?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yeah. Thanks, Mike. I think thats the kind of the point I was making is that from our perspective, I think thats still open. And so we really are just waiting to get a final resolution there on what the effect is and then ultimately discuss that when it happens. But right now, Id say theyre still open at this point and so more to come.
Mike Newshel: And just like - I mean, its all very highly dependent on the outcome here on just whether a federal funding bill come through for the states? Just the states have a better idea of what the budget is going to be?
Jeff Schwaneke: I mean, that could be a driver. But in general, I think its just process related right now, meaning, I think the Medicaid review task force came out with recommendations, and I think weve had one meeting with the states since then maybe so. Its just  theres a long way to go, I think, before those get finalized.
Mike Newshel: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question will come from Ralph Giacobbe of Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Ralph Giacobbe: Thanks. Good morning. Just a quick one for me. Can you just give us a sense of average claim cost of COVID on a Medicaid patient? And does the 20% higher Medicaid rate apply in Medicaid as well? Thanks.
Michael Neidorff: Well, so, I mean, we have not seen enough claims. As we said, theres been - we don't know what degree is lack of claims on what degree is - they havent had time to submit them. So, we have not seen enough to see the average cost, but its not been significant. Its been more the testing and - we havent seen a lot. We know theres some creeping out there with the number of members we have, but we just havent seen that. Jeff?
Jeff Schwaneke: No, I think Michael is right. I mean weve certainly paid some claims. But I would not want to give an average cost because we just dont have the volume yet to give a credible number is what I would say.
Ralph Giacobbe: Fair enough. And then just real quick, I may have misunderstood. Did you say youre assuming normal or normalized MLR on new HICS members? And why wouldnt it be higher just considering what could be adverse risk sort of coming on to the exchange? Thanks.
Jeff Schwaneke: No, no. We didnt get into the specifics on the product level as far as going forward. Again, I think thats part of the uncertainty that were dealing with.
Michael Neidorff: I think what I said is, Im not going to anticipate that these are all new members that have had no health care. These are people who have lost their jobs and maybe chose not to go through the other process to keep insurance with the company. So, its not like that somebody has had no insurance at all. So, theres a balance. Im just trying to give a balance just to give you a sense of how were looking at it.
Ralph Giacobbe: Got it. Okay, fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: Our final question today will come from George Hill of Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
George Hill: Hey. Good morning, guys. And thanks for squeezing me at the end. I guess, Mike and Jeff, if you think about the conversations that youre having around the various state program changes, are you seeing any changes that you think could become permanent after the crisis and whether they could meaningfully impact the business?
Michael Neidorff: Well, were not seeing that. Were not - the state right now, were talking about things if we can get to get their PPEs for the state troopers and a lot of other things to just be supportive of the environment win and they are pleased with the coverage of what were doing, and I don't see any major changes now in the future.
George Hill: Okay. Thank you.
Michael Neidorff: Well, I guess weve done with the questions, I just want to - just in closing, I want to help everyone understand that this is - this business is as vital and viable as its ever been. We are comfortable we have the systems and capabilities to manage through the uncertainty. And the key here is that while we, at this point, are confident on our guidance for the year, I cannot emphasize nothing. Its going to be lumpy. Its not going to be a normal progression depending on how people come back, how the intensity, how are the services. These are the things were managing through, and we have managed through in the past  this past so far this year. And so our employees are in sound working conditions. The business continuity is there. The growth is there. Our ability to work on the cost is there. So going forward, well continue to keep you informed, and were going at this with full confidence that well get through this and continue to be very successful for our shareholders. I thank you for your interest. Look forward to talking to you soon.
Operator: Todays conference has now concluded. Thank you very much for attending todays presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-04 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Centene Corporation 2019 Fourth Quarter and Year End Results Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ed Kroll, Senior Vice President, Finance and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Ed Kroll: Thank you, Brandon and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us on our fourth quarter and full year 2019 earnings results conference call. Michael Neidorff, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and Jeff Schwaneke, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Centene will host this mornings call, which can also be accessed through our website at centene.com. A replay will be available shortly after the calls completion also at centene.com or by dialing 877-344-7529 in the U.S. and Canada or in other countries by dialing 412-317-0088. The playback number for both dial-ins is 10138090. Any remarks that Centene may make about future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provision under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in Centenes most recent Form 10-Q and Form 10-K and other public SEC filings. Centene anticipates that subsequent events and developments will cause its estimates to change. While the company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. The call will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of these measures with the most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our fourth quarter and full year 2019 press release, which is available on the companys website at centene.com under the Investors section. A reminder, that Centene will host its first quarter 2020 earnings call on Tuesday, April 28, 2020. And with that, I would like to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Michael Neidorff. Michael?
Michael Neidorff: Thank you, Ed. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining Centenes fourth quarter and full year 2019 earnings call. I would like to apologize now for any residual cough you may hear as a result of some bronchitis I had a week or so ago. Before I go to our 2019 results, let me say how pleased we are to have closed the WellCare transaction on January 23. We are cautiously optimistic that the transaction would close early in the first half of 2020 and we are happy that this was the case. We are now a $100 billion plus enterprise providing healthcare services to more than 24 million members across all 50 states or 1 in 15 individuals across the nation. Having achieved this, we still have a long runway ahead of us with enhanced scale, further diversification of products and capabilities and greater opportunities for growth across portfolio. As we have previously disclosed, our planning assumption was to be ready to begin the integration by January 1. I am pleased to report that the integration process is well underway and teams were managing their various work streams. For example, we have begun to align 2021 bids for our Medicare business. In addition, we have activated integration plans in markets, where WellCare and Centene overlap, such as New York, Georgia and Florida. We remain on track to achieve our previously committed and communicated accretion and synergy targets. Most importantly, we are happy to welcome the WellCare team and colleagues to Centene. Let me now turn to a recap of Centenes 2019 highlights. 2019 was another robust year for Centene. We delivered strong top and bottom line growth enabled by operational and commercial successes across our enterprise. We remain focused sticking to our business-as-usual approach. We were not distracted by the significant headline noise during the year. We continue to execute against our strategic priorities and invest in capabilities that have positioned Centene for long-term success. In 2019, we added 1.1 million members representing growth of more than 8% surpassing the 15 million member mark. This growth was achieved in the face of state eligibility re-determinations, which continued to moderate. We continue to grow our market leading position in both Medicaid and the ACA marketplace. We grew revenues by 24% to $74.6 billion and adjusted earnings per diluted share by 25% to $4.42. The HBR increased 140 basis points to 87.3 driven by normalized margins in the exchange business relative to favorable performance in 2018 in the health insurer fee moratory. The adjusted net income margin increased 10 basis points to 2.6%. We continue to execute a smooth and seamless integration of Fidelis. The only remaining task in this process is to finalize the incorporation of Fidelis on to our claims systems platform. We also continue to invest in strengthening our products and capabilities with a focus on areas that will complement our core business, enable us to continually enhance how we impact patient outcomes while delivering long-term care. A few highlights. We achieved meaningful progress with Centene Forward an important initiative that we expect will better position Centene for long-term growth, increase margins and profitability. In 2019, we executed on more than $500 million in initiatives and the program has now evolved into a permanent part of Centenes and the companys organization and culture. We continue to migrate our membership to RxAdvance, the technology-based pharmacy platform, which enhances quality and transparency while lowering costs. We continue to focus on proof-of-concept and well expand as appropriate. We increased our stake in Ribera Salud from 50% to 90%. This demonstrates our commitment to continue developing Centenes international portfolio. We are also proud of the initiatives we announced in 2019 to enhance the health of the communities we serve. I would like to highlight just a few. In February, we formed a social health bridge trust to help organizations more effectively address the social determinants of health. In April, we launched the OpiEnd Youth Challenge to raise awareness among adolescents about opioid misuse and prevention of dependence. And in September, we launched the Food for Today and Food for Tomorrow development initiative with feeding America to help experiencing food insecurity. These initiatives are all in line with our whole health focus, an integrated and holistic approach to how we work with our communities. We are focused on addressing the broad range of social determinants of health. For example, Medicaid have always  are particularly likely to struggle with non-medical barriers to health, including nutrition, education, transportation and proper housing. As a leading multinational managed care enterprise, we will continue to lead initiatives and partner with organizations to transform the health of communities across the globe. Moving on to the market and product updates. First, we will discuss recent Medicaid activity. During the year, we maintained our industry leading Medicaid RFP win rate of 80% with success across new contracts as well as renewals and contract expansions. Medicaid membership grew approximately 3% to year-over-year to 8.6 million recipients. Texas. In November, Centene successfully re-procured the expanded  and expanded its STAR+PLUS contract in Texas. We will be providing healthcare services to recipients in two new services, El Paso and Travis, while continuing to operate in our 7 existing service areas. Centene currently serves 140,000 beneficiaries under existing contract. The new expanded contract is scheduled to commence September 1 of 2020. On a separate note, the state of Texas has now indicated that the STAR, CHIP re-procurement announcement will be sometime in February. We remain confident in the value we bring to the state. Pennsylvania. On January 1, 2020, Centene successfully launched the third and final phase of the Pennsylvania long-term care contract adding approximately 38,000 beneficiaries. As a reminder, we launched the southwest zone in January of 2018 and the southeast zone in January of 2019. We are the leading long-term provider in the state, currently serving approximately 90,000 recipients. The addition of the third zone will bring our total annual revenue in Pennsylvania to over $2 billion. Centenes participation in this important program reinforces our national leadership position in long-term care. Louisiana. I am pleased to announce that on January 17, 2020, the Louisiana procurement officer found the state procurement to be the most  for the most recent RFP that I quote was fairly broad. After months of reviewing our protest, the procurement officer agreed the state failed to comply with the requirements set forth in the RFP MLR. Consequently, the procurement was rescinded and the awards were cancelled. The state and awardees have appealed the decision to the Commissioner of Administration that we are currently awaiting for results. We remain confident that Commissioner will uphold the procurement officers decision. Centenes plan continues to operate under the previously mentioned emergency contract with the state. North Carolina. As we have noted, Centene as a provider of that entity, has been awarded three regions in North Carolina. North Carolinas Medicaid managed care program has been delayed from its previously announced February 1, 2020 start date pending approval in the state budget. At this point, no official timeline has been announced. We continue to maintain sufficient operations for all required implementation activities during this delay. In addition, we are defending our awards against ongoing protest and expect that we will retain our awards once the process is complete. Illinois. In February, we commenced operations on the states foster care program, serving approximately 15,000 beneficiaries. We expect additional enrollment of approximately 17,000 later this year. Health insurance marketplaces, we remain pleased with the strength of our marketplace business, which has continued to be very popular and an attractive option for many consumers. In 2019, we retained our market leading national position. At year end, we served approximately 1.8 million exchange members in 20 states. This represented growth of approximately 20% year-over-year. For 2020, we expanded our footprint in 10 of our existing Ambetter states and 106 new towns. Our continued focus on providing high-quality affordable healthcare led to a very successful open enrollment. In January, we had almost 2.2 million members across 20 states. This represents a year-over-year increase of approximately 200,000 beneficiaries. In addition, the key demographics of these members, remains relatively consistent with prior years. The average age declined by 1 year to 42. Our retention rate increased 2% to 82% and our effectuation rate increased by 3% to 96%. We expect to have another strong year of operations in our industry leading marketplace business. On to Medicare, at year end, we served approximately 405,000 Medicare and MMP beneficiaries, a decrease of approximately 3% year-over-year. We do not achieve our growth expectations in Medicare, and overall performance has not kept pace with the rest of our products. We have been focused on addressing the underlying drivers of this underperformance. The addition of WellCares high performing Medicare portfolio will serve as an important catalyst to accelerate our growth and performance in this business. As I mentioned last month at an investor conference, we plan to operate our Medicare business under the WellCare brand name. Looking ahead, I am comfortable that we will be able to reset the trajectory of this business. A couple of quick comments. Our medical costs, they remain stable and in line with our expectations in the low single digits. On the rate outlook for 2019, our composite Medicaid rate increase was 2%. We are expecting a composite Medicaid rate increase of approximately 1.5% for 2020. Now, let me provide commentary on healthcare legislation and regulatory environment. We believe that there is little desire in Washington D.C. to revisit comprehensive healthcare reform. However, Congress and the administration continue to explore ways to improve the healthcare delivery system. We are pleased with the end-of-year legislation, which included a provision fully eliminating the health insurer fee beginning in 2021. This tax not only increased the cost for seniors and those who purchase commercial coverage, but require states to pay hundreds of millions of dollars for tax that placed significant strength under Medicaid programs. In addition, the marketplace revisions aimed at stabilized individual market further indicate bipartisan support for exchanges. Last week, the administration announced a block grant proposal aimed at giving states more flexibility with their expansion population. We are currently reviewing this proposal and look forward to working with the administration to help promote Medicaid fiscal integrity, while making sure the program remains available to those who need it. Centene welcomes the federal governments efforts to promote safe innovation across all programs to make coverage more affordable and sustainable. It represents another opportunity to be an innovative partner with the states, and Centene with its local approach is well-positioned to do so. In conclusion, 2019 was another very successful year for Centene. We delivered solid financial performance and made significant progress against our strategic priorities. We look forward to 2020 and beyond with confidence as we continue to build on this positive momentum with a focus on driving significant growth across the portfolio with an enterprise on organic growth and an emphasis on organic growth. Continuing our focus on operational excellence and margin expansion and investing in the strength, scale and quality of our enterprise and portfolio to position us to continue to deliver value over the long-term. Thank you for your interest in Centene. Jeff will now provide you with further details on fourth quarter and full year 2019 financial results. Jeff?
Jeff Schwaneke: Thank you, Michael and good morning. This morning, we reported strong fourth quarter and full year 2019 results. Fourth quarter revenues were $18.9 billion, an increase of 14% over the fourth quarter of 2018. And adjusted diluted earnings per share were $0.73 this quarter compared to $0.69 last year. Now let me provide additional details for the fourth quarter. Total revenues grew by approximately $2.3 billion over the fourth quarter of 2018, primarily as a result of growth in the health insurance marketplace business, expansion in new programs in many of our states in 2019, particularly Arkansas, Illinois, Iowa, New Mexico and Pennsylvania, and our recent acquisitions in Spain, this growth was partially offset by the health insurer fee moratorium in 2019. Moving on to HBR, our health benefits ratio was 88.4% in the fourth quarter this year compared to 86.8% in last years fourth quarter and 88.2% in the third quarter of 2019. The year-over-year increase was attributable to the health insurance marketplace business where margins have normalized as expected from favorable performance in 2018. The increase was also due to the health insurer fee moratorium. Sequentially, the 20-basis-point increase in HBR from the third quarter of 2019 is primarily due to the normal seasonality in the health insurance marketplace business and a moderate increase in flu-related costs. The HBR for the fourth quarter was higher than our expectations, driven by higher-than-projected medical costs in our marketplace business and slightly higher than projected flu costs. The marketplace business continues to perform well and finished the year with pre-tax margins well within our targeted 5% to 10% range. Marketplace membership remains strong as we ended the year with approximately 1.8 million members. For 2020, we expect our peak enrollment to be approximately 2.2 million members, representing growth of over 10% from last years peak enrollment. This is in line with the range that we provided at our December Investor Day. Now on to SG&A, our adjusted selling, general and administrative expense ratio was 9.5% in the fourth quarter this year compared to 9.9% last year and 8.8% in the third quarter of 2019. The year-over-year decrease reflects the leveraging of expenses over higher revenues and lower variable compensation cost in 2019. The sequential increase is primarily due to an increase in selling costs in the fourth quarter of 2019 and the impact of approximately $440 million of at-risk state directed payments in California recorded in premium revenue in the third quarter of 2019. Additionally, we spent $0.05 per diluted share on business expansion costs during the fourth quarter. During the fourth quarter, we recorded $30 million or $0.05 per diluted share of debt extinguishment costs related to the redemption of our $1.4 billion 5.625% senior notes due February 15, 2021. This includes the call premium, the write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs and a loss on the termination of the $600 million interest rate swap associated with the notes. Investment income was $126 million during the fourth quarter compared to $67 million last year and $98 million last quarter. The year-over-year increase reflects increased investment balances over 2018, including the proceeds of our $7 billion senior note issuance related to the planned financing for the cash consideration of the WellCare acquisition, improved performance associated with our deferred compensation portfolio and the impact of higher investment balances. Sequentially, investment income increased in the fourth quarter due to the higher investment balances associated with the WellCare financing and improved performance associated with our deferred compensation investment portfolio, which fluctuates with its underlying investments. The earnings from our deferred compensation portfolio were substantially offset by increases in deferred compensation expense recorded in SG&A. Interest expense was $113 million for the fourth quarter 2019 compared to $98 million last year and $99 million last quarter. Both the year-over-year and sequential increase reflects a net increase in borrowings related to the issuance of an additional $7 billion in senior notes in December 9, 2019, used primarily to finance the cash consideration of the WellCare transaction. Our effective tax rate for the fourth quarter was 22.3% compared to 32.5% in the fourth quarter of 2018. The decrease is driven by the impact of the health insurer fee moratorium. Sequentially, the fourth quarter tax rate was in line with our expectations and lower than the third quarter tax rate, driven by the vesting of our employee stock awards, which occurs every December. Now on to the balance sheet, cash and investments totaled $21.4 billion at quarter end, including $7.2 billion held by unregulated subsidiaries. Our risk-based capital percentage for NAIC filers continues to be in excess of 350% of the authorized control level. Debt at quarter end was $13.7 billion, which includes $93 million of borrowings on our revolving credit facility. Our debt-to-capital ratio at the year-end was 34.3%, excluding our non-recourse debt and the senior notes issued to fund the WellCare transaction. This compares to 37.4% at the fourth quarter last year and 35.6% at the third quarter of 2019. Our medical claims liability totaled $7.5 billion at quarter end and represents 45 days in claims payable compared to 48 days in the third quarter of 2019. The decrease in DCP is driven by a reduction in state directed payments that are a component of our medical claims liability. As we have highlighted in the past, we expect the DCP to be in the mid-40 range on a run rate basis, but state directed payments at the end of some quarters have increased our DCP to a higher level. In the fourth quarter, we did not have any material state directed payments included in our medical claims liability, which drove the decrease in DCP. Historically, these payments were administered as pass-through and not a component of medical cost. But as states have moved these payments into premiums with a small amount of risk, they have been included in premium revenue and medical cost. Cash flow used in operations was $651 million in the fourth quarter and cash flow provided by operations was $1.5 billion for the full year 2019 or 1.1x net earnings. Operating cash flow for the fourth quarter of 2019 was negatively affected by the timing of payments from a few of our state customers as well as the absence of material state directed payments that I previously mentioned. Now, let me provide an update on the WellCare acquisition. We are pleased to close the WellCare acquisition on January 23 and have begun the integration process. Each WellCare share was converted into 3.38 shares of Centene common stock valued at $66.76, plus $120 per share in cash for a total value of $19.6 billion, including $1.95 billion of assumed debt. Based on the closing price of Centene stock on the acquisition date, we expect our debt-to-capital ratio to be approximately 39% at close, excluding any share repurchases or repayment of debt associated with the proceeds from divestitures. Given the closing date, the results for January will be pro-rated for our ownership period of WellCare and the divestiture of our Illinois business. Now shifting to 2020, as stated in our press release this morning, we will be providing consolidated guidance, including the WellCare acquisition on Tuesday, March 3, with a conference call the morning of March 4 at 8:30 a.m. Eastern Time. As I just highlighted, we need to close the month of January and prorate the activity for the months performance and account for the divestiture transaction. Absent the WellCare acquisition and related divestitures, the Centene standalone guidance we provided at our Investor Day in December was still intact. We remain comfortable with the previously communicated accretion targets of no less than breakeven in the first full year post-acquisition and mid to upper single-digit accretion in the second full year. Additionally, we continue to expect year two net synergies of $500 million and run rate net synergies of $700 million. We will provide an update to all these metrics on the March 4 call. While we will provide our formal guidance in March, I would like to highlight a few headwinds and tailwinds that will affect the guidance for 2020. First, the headwinds, in the S-4 WellCare assumed the North Carolina contract would begin on February 1. Moving the start date to October 1 in line with our model reduces revenue and earnings for 2020. Second, due to the closing date, Centene will not incorporate 22 days of WellCares January results into the combined 2020 guidance. Additionally, the amounts in the S-4 did not account for any divestitures. The total divested business represents approximately $3.6 billion in annualized 2020 total revenue and 650,000 members. Now turning to tailwinds, WellCare had a successful open enrollment period for both its Medicare Advantage plans and Part D plans. Medicare annual enrollment was in line with expectations and the PDP business currently has approximately 4.4 million members. Given the timing of close, we continue to review WellCares 2019 results, including any one-time items in the effect on the 2020 forecast. As stated earlier, we will provide a full update on the March call. In summary, 2019 was a successful year for the company as we continue to execute on our growth strategy. We grew both total revenues and adjusted earnings by approximately 24% over 2018. Total revenues grew by $14.5 billion and adjusted diluted earnings per share by $0.88. We reduced our leverage by 300 basis points in 2019 in preparation for the WellCare acquisition and continue to expand net income margins. Looking forward, we expect to leverage the combined capabilities to provide meaningful growth and efficiencies across all of our product lines. We are focused on executing the integration plan and achieving our stated synergy and accretion targets. That concludes my remarks. And operator, you may now open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Kevin Fischbeck: Alright, great. Thanks. That WellCare commentary was helpful. But I guess I just want to see if there was anything else that you would highlight as far as the delay in the guidance, because I think you guys provided the guidance for Health Net before the transaction closed. So just wondering if there is anything else that kind of lowers your visibility or any other items that you really want to get color on before you provided maybe the proposed MA rates or anything like that, if you want to get a color on?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, just a couple of things, Kevin. I think its just purely the timing of the closing the WellCare or the Health Net transaction closed around the end of March and their annual 10K audited financials were already out. And so, literally, I think, its just the timing of close. And I think you also have the fact that their audit is not complete, as well as the last step in the regulatory approval process in this transaction was the Department of Justice piece. So, again, we were operating as two independent companies until the time of closure.
Michael Neidorff: That is a considerably larger complex number of states and businesses theyre involved in. And we want to  as you know, Kevin, we would like to do it methodically and carefully, so taking an extra 30 days or so seemed to make sense.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. And then just my last question, the MLR on the exchange is coming in higher than you expect in the quarter. Can you provide a little more color as to why that was the case and why we shouldnt be worried that thats going to impact your 2020 outlook? If costs are higher, why dont you flow through into how you price for 2020 so it came in after you priced?
Michael Neidorff: Yes, I might just start and let Jeff pick it up. We want to remind you what we have said historically. One, it is falling within our guided range of 5% to 10%. Two, we had commented how we are keeping the members longer, and so that could have an impact on the MLR in the fourth quarter. But because of keeping them longerthe total margin impact is unaffected by it. You may want to go a little bit beyond that, Jeff?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. I would say a couple of things, Kevin. I would say, we did see some higher non-inflation costs in the fourth quarter than we anticipated. But also a little less than half of the fourth quarter costs in the exchange business that were higher than our expectations was associated with the reconciliation of outstanding claims items that were settled and resulted in more favorable reimbursement going forward. And the majority of these were in states where we have MLR rebates. So  and then, the other thing is, we have mentioned  we did mention in our December Investor Day that we did expect exchange margins to continue to moderate slightly in 2020. So, I guess, what I would say is, you combine all that together, were still comfortable with where our 2020 expectations are for the exchange business.
Michael Neidorff: It is a very strong business. And as I commented, all the demographics continues and still on the growth. And basically what people expected additional competition, etcetera, we continue to do well and its  and these one-time things Jeff talks about can have an impact. But thats  that has a benefit going forward.
Kevin Fischbeck: So, I guess just to make sure, youre saying that some of these settlements were going to also prospectively impact costs upward, but there are markets where you have rebates. I guess if you had a settlement like that in Q4 and youre paying rebates why was that?
Jeff Schwaneke: No, no. What Im saying is that we had costs that we incurred in the fourth quarter that will provide better reimbursement going forward.
Kevin Fischbeck: Better.
Jeff Schwaneke: And those, yes  and the more favorable reimbursement going forward and those costs that we incurred in the fourth quarter happened to be in states where we have MLR rebates, so there is some mitigating effect. And it reduces those MLRs 3-year rolling calculations, so it reduces the effect of the MLR going forward.
Kevin Fischbeck: Alright, great. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Raskin with Nephron Research. Please go ahead.
Josh Raskin: Hi, thanks. Good morning.
Michael Neidorff: Good morning.
Josh Raskin: Good morning, Michael. The first one, just on the difference between first year at least breakeven versus missing the first three weeks. Should we assume that thats actually a favorable thing in terms of, I think, about PDP benefit design or should we think of it as 2020 no material difference than first year post-closing?
Jeff Schwaneke: Well, I mean thats why its one of the reasons why were waiting, Josh, is you have to actually close the month of January. And as youre well aware, there could be variability on the medical cost side. I think on the revenue side, you kind of know your members and you know the premium, but the cost side is what you dont know. And so, one of the reasons were waiting until the beginning of March to give the combined guidance is just to get the actual numbers for January and do the proration math.
Josh Raskin: Okay. And then, how are you guys thinking about PBM opportunity on the legacy WellCare book? I dont think there was a formal announcement. I know they were talking about making some changes or at least going through the process there. Now, its part of Centene overall, and I assume you guys will be instrumental in that decision making process. So how are you thinking about that?
Michael Neidorff: Yes, I think let me  Ill let Jeff give you the more specifics. But we said earlier that the PBM will be based in Tampa and Drew is going to drive that process for us. And we see some real benefits in the total purchasing power without having a consolidation, you can give more specifics.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, Josh. I think they were in process on an RFP. I think they have concluded that process. Right now what I would say is we are in flight on the synergy analysis, obviously looking at their contracts and our contracts and all the PBM capabilities. And I would say harmonizing those to achieve the value that we are trying for in the synergies. So I guess thats where we are. We have begun the process and we are in process on that now more to come in March.
Josh Raskin: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ricky Goldwasser: Yes, hi. Good morning.
Michael Neidorff: Good morning.
Ricky Goldwasser: One follow-up on your answer on the PBM question, you mentioned that WellCare concluded the RFP process. Can you just clarify did they make a decision on that or did they just concluded the review of the RFP process?
Jeff Schwaneke: No, no. They have made a decision in that. I think they extended their contract with CBS for a period of 3 years.
Ricky Goldwasser: Okay. Thank you for that clarification. And then just as we think about the MLR obviously you talked about the moving parts in the fourth quarter that impact your initial thoughts. So, should we think about kind of like the flu is a 20 bps impact? Do you think it was kind of like the difference between the high-end of your initial range versus where you came in? And then when we think about the impact in the first quarter and I know that you dont guide to the quarter, how should we think about the flu continuing to weigh on MLR?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, I guess a couple of things. I just bifurcate the marketplace versus the flu. Again, this is versus our expectations. I would say the marketplace was two-thirds of the variance with the flu being a third. So I think that gets you close to 20 to 30 basis points on the quarter. So, I think, you are close on that. As far as the flu for Q1, we will have to wait and see, one month is not a quarter and so we will have to see how flu costs pan out for the entire quarter. As you are well aware, we did talk about the effect of Leap Year and the additional day on the first quarters performance and I think we discussed that ad nauseam at our December Investor Day.
Operator: Our next question comes from Charles Rhyee with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Charles Rhyee: Got it. Thanks. Sorry. Maybe one more follow-up on the PBM question, if its an extension for 3 years with CVS, is there any change of control provisions that would allow you as you do the analysis to consolidate the PBM operations sooner or would you have to wait for the three years to be over to really kind of roll something altogether?
Michael Neidorff: I think there is certain flexibility that built into the contract. So, obviously, they knew they were in the middle of a transaction. And so, I think there is some flexibility in that. But again, we are doing the full analysis as we speak and more to come in March.
Jeff Schwaneke: Its really  and pricing with the amount of purchasing power we have will be very important.
Charles Rhyee: Understood. Thank you. And then just going back to individual a little bit, I think you said that for the year, you are sort of well within the target range of 5% to 10%, but when we think about margin normalization over the near and medium-term, where do you think we are in the process? Do you think we are going to  where do you think we kind of stabilize out over the next year or two? Thank you.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, I will kind of go back to our  what we said at our December Investor Day. A couple of things to just highlight, remember, we have always talked about 2018 was a very good year for the marketplace business. And what we saw in 19 is a margin  a pre-tax margin that was very consistent with 2017, 16, 15. So, we have seen very consistent margins since the inception of the exchange business. For us, the outlier is really 2018, which had an exceptional year. And so as we close 2019, I would say, margins were exactly  they are roughly in line with that experience meaning consistent with 17 and 16. So, we are still comfortable that in the 5% to 10% range. And I think we mentioned at our Investor Day that we saw them moderating slightly, but its not substantial. We dont see a material moderation in margin from 19 to 20.
Charles Rhyee: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sarah James with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Sarah James: Thank you. So 2020 is broadly expected to be a more competitive year for exchanges. And I am wondering if you can tell us if you have noticed any difference on the impact that its having on market share ramp in new markets compared to expansions in past years?
Michael Neidorff: I think I heard the same thing last year. And we grew 10% in a market that shrank 1%. And I think we have strong networks. We saw the continuity of our members increase by 2%. We saw the effectuation increase. So at every level and I said all last year that we know how to be competitive. It makes us better. And I think there is  the product is strong and our consumers recognize it, like the networks we have and we expect to be more than competitive ongoing.
Sarah James: Got it. And maybe you could talk a little bit about the boost that ascension and some of the JVs could give to Medicares growth. So should we think about that as potentially providing an opportunity to grow above market rates for Medicare?
Michael Neidorff: So I think we are still working through and now that we are able to work with WellCare and as I say, we are going to be consolidating that and well also be headquartered in Tampa that might poll in. And so we are working through that. They are working with us on the joint ventures. Those are things that are unfolding very nicely. They will take time. And I think the time to talk about the impacts they will have will probably be when we give guidance for 2021. And the team has had the full look at it, but we really see our trajectory changing with the input of the marketing and other capabilities that WellCare has demonstrated.
Sarah James: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Tanal with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Steve Tanal: Good morning, guys. I guess on the RxAdvance and WellCare, I am sort of curious did WellCare have full visibility into the cost and benefits of RxAdvance before renewing with CVS and what should we view as that?
Michael Neidorff: Well, we were  I want to be very clear we were very careful prior to the approval from the Department of Justice to operate as two very separate companies. And as we had no insight into their contracts and we were careful they didnt have any of ours, because the rules of that are very clear and its the old story. You normally have to be honest and we prepared to be honest. And so we  they would had no insight into it.
Steve Tanal: Got it. Okay, thats helpful. And maybe just one other on Centene Forward, wanted to understand how you guys are sort of thinking about in the context of earnings, do you expect at any point to sort of commit to certain net number or contribution and is that not 20 or 21 like just any color on that?
Michael Neidorff: Yes, let me start. I think as we said from the beginning, we are really self-funding a lot of development in our systems and systems capability. And the name of the game going forward is that and thats where our scale and size is $100 billion company is so important. We have  it gives us the resources to continue to focus on the systems thats going to deliver the kind of performance and margin improvement in 21, 22 and going forward. And as we start to, let some of that fall to the bottom line, as such, we will be in a position to disclose that in a succinct way. But its  that so you have to cost a little bit like fingernails, you have to continually trim them. And we see this as incorporated in the company and its a continuous process of reducing costs, while improving the capabilities of the company and we couldnt be more pleased with $500 million that we were able to achieve this past year and we see it continuing to grow in additional funding this year, which will just continue the next generation of systems work. And in fact, I am going to give just a little more color that we have  we were really bifurcating or trifurcating, I guess would be the word, our systems. We have that  we have a group thats going to be maintaining the systems that work day-in and day-out. We have a group thats going to be working on the transition, because there is a lot of transition with these systems, and I make no secret and they dont either that WellCare knew they were going to be sold at some point. And so theres a lot of little systems thats going to take some time to transition. And thats why weve said, its a two, three-year process to do it right and get it right, and were focused on that. And the third group are the advanced technology group. And these are the think-tank people, the people that have brought us things like Interpreta and others that give us real-time status for the physicians. They are going to take us to the next-generation. So thats being funded by these savings.
Steve Tanal: Helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Lake with Wolfe Research please go ahead.
Justin Lake: First, I just want to follow-up, one last question on the PBM. There was some talk by WellCare Group getting better economics potentially pulled forward into 2020 debt renewal, even though the contract doesnt begin or doesnt end to the end of the year, the original contract. So I am curious, if that is something we should consider that maybe 2020 could be - could have better PBM costs rather than 2021? And then, can you tell us if the strategy is to move Medicaid over to RxAdvance from WellCare Group early and then leave the Medicare PBM for CBS during the contract?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, Justin, Jeff here. So, as I mentioned before, I mean, we are going through the process right now comparing the PBM contracts and all the capabilities that both companies have and rationalizing that for the synergy opportunity. And so, I am not going to comment today. I kicked that question to March when we provide full combined guidance, because then we will have the opportunity to have the benefit of visibility on both those contracts.
Michael Neidorff: Yes and Justin, if I may. Just - if we think about, when youre combining these two companies, we had multiple work streams that were developed during the period of time we are waiting for Justice approval, and thats whether, its systems, and it is combining them. When you take the Florida and Georgia, theyre large companies, both sides combining them. And the things that we are doing there, and while we have divested some plants, we have obligations there to ensure a smooth transition of that membership. You put all that together, its very complex. So, we are just trying to take a - use the next few days to take a very careful view of it and get it right. We are not trying to duck anything, except, say, it just takes time when its as complex as this one. I keep telling people, its not how fast, its how well you do it.
Justin Lake: Totally makes sense. I appreciate that. And then, just my follow-up is on the exchange medical costs in the fourth quarter. So, Jeff, if we think about the - you were above the high end of your range by about 20 basis points on MLR, so 80 basis points for the quarter. Can you give us some delineation in terms of how much of that was the exchange miss? Was it 50 or 60 out of the 80 basis points? Just trying to understand where exchange margins were in the quarter?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, yes. I will kind of package everything that Ive said together in one, maybe this will clarify everything. So, youre right on the 80 bps. So, MLR for the quarter was higher than our expectations by 80 basis points. I said two-thirds of that was marketplace, one-third, I would say, is flu. And those are just rough right? That is - and then, of the marketplace piece, I said a little bit less than half was associated with these reconciliation of the outstanding claims where we effectively had medical costs in the fourth quarter that will provide a benefit going forward, right. And some of that was in states where we had MLR rebates. And so, there is an offsetting effect there, but its not a one to one because the MLR calculation is a three-year rolling calculation.
Michael Neidorff: I want to restate it. Just if I may my simple non-financial, okay. In fact, when you look at what we did there, we had some states where balanced going things with issues because we didnt have a contract with the hospital. We now have contracts with them. And we got those things settled, we got it right with them so we had the expense to settle those claims with those loops, but now going forward and these are larger states. Going forward in 2020, we are going to be in a stronger position because theyre now part of the network. And those kind of issues wont be there. So it was really a onetime, get it right, and it could happen again just to be very candid. But I always view those things as thats where the long-term comes in. We were in this and we continue to do very well in a long time. It will cost us a couple of bps here or there in the quarter. I am looking at 2020, and I am really pleased with what we see happening, particularly when I see the membership, the effectuation rate, the demographics, it is just a really great business for us.
Justin Lake: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from A.J. Rice with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
A.J. Rice: Hi, everybody. Just on first, the comment about Medicaid rates, I think you came in, if I have got my notes right, into 2019 looking for a 1.5% increase. And I guess, today you are saying that you ended up with about a 2% all-in increase. And I am just wondering, is that mostly due to some true-ups around the research verifications or is it something else? And were there any reverifications of note in the fourth quarter? And youre saying 1.5% for 2020, are there potential reverifications that can help you in the early part of 2020?
Michael Neidorff: Well, I think  we said, the reveri  it is really moderating. And yes, we have had great success because of the real-time systems we have had in getting the states to recognize the membership mix and the acuity mix within it. We are never satisfied with the timing of how fast they make those adjustments, but part of it is, well, they say we have real-time systems, they have to wait and see what some others are doing that dont have that real-time capability, and that can slow down the whole process. So, on balance, we were comfortable that the stage in the large states we are working with, we are going to get it right with us. And it is just a matter of timing. So, which quarter it fall was in, thats a little more hard  thats a little harder to forecast, but it is all coming together right there too.
Jeff Schwaneke: No, I think Michael is exactly right. It is a timing perspective. We are not  there are some states that were still searching for rate adjustments heading into 2020. So, again, it is a timing issue, and we are still looking for additional rate adjustments in certain states for this effect.
A.J. Rice: Okay. But maybe, my other follow-up question would be, once you complete the WellCare deal, you said your pro forma, I think, debt to total cap would be at 39% as sort of your  where thats within your target range, I believe. So, do you need some time to digest WellCare or are you back on the acquisition hunt if something comes available thats attractive to you?
Michael Neidorff: Let me comment. One, the 39%, we still determine the proceeds of sale, and we are looking at both stock buyback and retirement of debt. So that will help. But I guess, I have to respond to this and say, we are not going to look at anything serious in large. And so, we are really comfortable that the trade this transaction and the integration has taken place to a level thats appropriate. But those people that know us know that we have an insatiable appetite. And so, I would say, as soon as  they also know we are balance sheet managers, and we look very carefully at that. So, I would say, as our balance sheet continues to strengthen, this gets integrated. And if we see opportunities, we will be back out there. But I have to emphasize what we said at our Investor Day, and I say it every chance, we are very driven by organic growth. And I remind people we had almost $7 billion of organic growth last year. So we are going to continue to focus on that and thats our primary focus. And then, as we see new capabilities and things we can add, well go in the M&A book. Does that help you?
A.J. Rice: Yes, that is helpful. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Valiquette with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Andrew Mok: Hi, good morning. This is Andrew Mok on for Steve. Just wanted to follow-up on the MLR and exchange commentary, it sounds like youre attributing most of the MLR pressure to the exchange business. If we look back at full year 2019, how did Medicaid MLR perform relative to your expectations?
Jeff Schwaneke: Medicaid in aggregate, I think Medicaid was within the range. It wasnt  we would have called it out if it was a material one way or the other on the full year, when you look at year-over-year results.
Andrew Mok: And then, one clarification related to divestitures, you noted that the S-4 did not include divested business. That comment was referring purely to revenue, correct, your deal  your net deal synergies have always reflected synergies, correct?
Jeff Schwaneke: Just specifically on the revenue line.
Andrew Mok: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Fidel with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Scott Fidel: Hi. First question just on the new block grant proposal, I appreciate that you are still digesting that. And Michael, I know you gave some initial comments. Just interested  just that this sort of initial sort of stance here. How are you thinking about this in terms of this being more of a net sort of positive around the innovation opportunity that you mentioned or more of a net potential negative around the funding caps and potential risk to rates or do you think that theres simply going to be some different moving pieces headwinds and tailwinds to this?
Michael Neidorff: Let me  I dont want to be very general on it because it is so early in it. But as we said, this is  this involves expansion, not the current businesses, is key and focused on the expansion of the area. Caps  block plans work really well in states that are not growing  and state of Oregon, it can have an impact, so various states will have various impacts. But as we look at it, we think  I am going to say that I tilt toward a net positive on it because it is giving the states some opportunities to be innovative. And as you know, we are very decentralized and our local plans have strong relationships with those states. And I think they will be in a position to be able to help the states with that and use some of our assistance capabilities and tests and model things, but it is limited to the expansion aspect of the business. So thats key. So I think going forward, I am going to tilt to the positive side, but we are going to continue to work with it and help to make it better.
Scott Fidel: Okay. And then, for my follow-up question, I know there are bunch of different MLR dynamics discussed in the exchanges. Jeff, just interested in sort of where the thinking is right now on the risk adjuster payable, ending the year really two things in particular I just wanted to ask about one? One of  one of your peers had cited the weekly report that came out at the end of the year, and that had led them to make some adjustments to their risk adjuster assumptions. And then also just interested just in terms of those higher 4Q costs that you had in the exchange business, does any of that sort of flow through to the estimated acuity profile of your population relative to the market or were those just sort of other factors that dont play into the risk adjuster assumptions? Thanks.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, a couple of things. I guess, our risk adjustment was in line with our expectations. And when the 10-K comes out, youll see the total number. We have got roughly $1 billion of payable to the government on the books. So, it wasnt really a risk adjuster phenomenon for us. It was really just higher non-inpatient costs. And as youre aware, we have to get those  we are estimating a significant portion of our medical costs. And so, well have to wait for those claims to come in and look at the diagnosis codes and submit those for risk adjustment. And so, there may be an effect there, but it is too early to tell.
Scott Fidel: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lance Wilkes with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Lance Wilkes: Yes. A question on how you are going to manage the company going forward. And I was interested in both what is the org structure you have got in place right now as far as, Michael, to you the direct reports? And then, as you think of management process, whats the process youve got in place now for legacy Centene, legacy WellCare and integration and how do those differ?
Michael Neidorff: Yes. I think, let me  from a management perspective, we laid out at our June Investor Day, the organization chart that we were working with us initially. And Drew is going to report to me to become part of my senior management team because of the increased focus on pharmacy at this point in time. Ken, in fact he should be here later today in his new role of markets and products he will help me to do that and bring that in place. But that is all been laid out. And we operate in what I call a partnership. And people have clear responsibility, accountability, the responsibility and the authority to manage their businesses. When you add a scale, we are  this enterprise is now international in scope, you have to do that. So it is very  the accountability is just  is very, very clear. So, going forward, in terms of the integration, as you raise it there is different work streams. The systems and I have commented on that, thats going to take time and there is a group working on the transition of systems. WellCare was in the middle of transitioning some of their systems. We are bidding in another. So, that all has to be brought into play. The general measure, I think, Jeff explained to be on a general measure by July 1. So, that will all be in place and thats in place. They will be moving to our form of  we have reserved calculations as that occurs and we are doing some of that now. We use date receipt. So all those things is different work streams for it, its coming together. We know who will be managing what markets and then control that and thats moving through. And its because of the need for systems that we are going  its going to take a little bit of time, you take Florida, they had a large business, we have a large business. And so, we are going to operate there in two systems for a short period of time till we can convert to our system. So this has all been laid out and its very detailed and its something that the board looks at every quarter. We have probably spent 30, 40 minutes reviewing where we are and how its going at our board meeting yesterday. So its something we are very comfortable with. And I remind people, its something we have done historically. I mean, Fidelis was a large company last year and its fully integrated, simply moving the claims to our platform, which we said all along would take some time. Health Net was integrated. So, I mean this  and the fact that we have strong management on both companies. Now, I just want to add one more thing that we just layout to everybody, so they know it that we had culture surveys out of their culture and our culture. And we can say, this is yours, this is ours and ours is the one will prevail. We are not trying to blend things and we have found historically that makes a difference. We also said right upfront that all things being equal in terms of performance, the Centene person gets a job its as two people for the same job. That does not mean that the WellCare person will not be repurposed into a very senior that gives them challenging new opportunities, but it also gives them comfort that the next time we do a deal that they have that same protection. So, these are things that we have historically done that worked really well for us and helped to ensure a smooth transition and we expect that again. Does that help you?
Lance Wilkes: Yes, yes, it does. And just as a follow-up as you spoke about, maybe not doing large scale M&A right now until this is digested, but obviously having an ongoing appetite for M&A in general. Could you talk a little bit about the priorities and talk to whether there are regions or particular capabilities in light of having the combination of both companies?
Michael Neidorff: Okay. Well, I think its going to  once again, its we talk about capabilities. Some of that maybe systems and there are some smaller acquisitions we can make, because of our size and scale, we dont have to disclose it. I have jokingly told people that we did one deal and the person we say, we dont have to disclose him, because he said now my family is not going to be chasing me for some of this money. So I mean, there is some benefit there, but we do that type of thing. Two is the capability to see if some other opportunities come up nationally and internationally, we will do it, but when I say scale and size, when you are now a $100 billion plus enterprise, with $5 billion of EBITDA to bottom and the balance sheet that we have and the improved credit rating that we have. And what we are able to sell our bonds at and what our bonds are trading at it says that whats relative and what can be done has changed a little bit from several years ago, but we will once again just focus on whats the strategic value and it has to make financial sense first then strategic value and then we will look at the capabilities it brings. And I cant go beyond that, because then I would be starting to tell you who we are looking at.
Lance Wilkes: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Costa with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Peter Costa: Thanks for squeezing me in here. Just want to belabor the point on the MLR guidance for the HICS business one more time just to make sure I fully understand what you are saying. You have talked about being in the range of 5% to 10%, but you have trimmed back that guidance into that range a couple of times now, so it seems like you are probably in the mid to the lower half of that range. You talked about for next year still some non-material moderation of that. So does that really imply that next year you are going to be in the lower half of that range that you have talked about for sure? Presumably the tailwind that you picked up from the risk adjusters being a little better as of the fourth quarter reconciliations doesnt help you that much? And then finally, does this have anything to do with the Iowa Medicaid claim payments that you were delayed?
Jeff Schwaneke: The Iowa we all know had some issues. We were culpable as some of those, they got our attention, its being fixed and we made all the progress you made and thats kind of historic. And its not material we are going to get the funding. Is that a question there? On the medical loss ratio, I want to remind you that it will vary from quarter-to-quarter based on out-of-pockets, maximum out-of-pockets, a lot of different things. So what we are seeing is that on any given quarter, you will see some variation. Now, we also know that the last quarter, the year tends to be higher, because the maximum out-of-pockets have been met and sometimes people try to get some services and other things done. And Jeff commented that the inpatient was a little bit higher, but I expect some of that on balance, the 5% to 10% is a solid range. We are very comfortable with it. And in the first quarter, its going to be in the higher part of that range. In the last quarter, it could be in the lower part of that range, but on balance and we tend to  we love to be conservative. We love to under-promise and over-deliver where we can. And so we are saying, its realistic to say that as the business grows, there maybe a little moderation, but its still solid and its solidly in the 5% to 10% range, but if I say where then I am giving you more than we have historically  it serves no purpose. Its great business.
Peter Costa: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Borsch with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Matthew Borsch: Thank you for squeezing me in. Just a quick question about the group commercial business, I know it hasnt been front and center for a while and I am curious what your thoughts are on the state of that business as you come into 2020, the intensity of competition there?
Michael Neidorff: Yes, we have some of it in California. We have said we will maintain it. Its good business for us. And I would say that all thats under a strategic review.
Matthew Borsch: Okay.
Michael Neidorff: But honestly Matt, I am back burning a little bit, so I want to get WellCare fully integrated and get things before we start distracting people and some other opportunities.
Matthew Borsch: Alright, alright. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Newshel with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Michael Newshel: Thanks. Maybe just going back to the divestitures, thanks for the revenue number, but can you also make any comments relative to profitability and size of the proceeds and have you actually decided whether you are going to redeploy on buybacks or debt pay-down or is that still to be determined as you put the consolidated guidance together?
Michael Neidorff: Yes, we were going through right now that analysis and thats going to be a function of stock price as much as anything. And so stay tuned, thats something will resolve probably Jeff over the next 30 days or so?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, yes, absolutely. And then the other thing on the size of proceeds, $1 billion pre-tax, so $1 billion pre-tax is the proceeds and that  by the way that also includes statutory capital as well.
Michael Newshel: Yes, got it.
Jeff Schwaneke: I think it was a fair transaction for everybody.
Michael Newshel: Maybe one more just sorry if I missed it, but do you have any update to marketplace enrollment expectations for 2020 now that open enrollment is over?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, we said 2.2 million members peak.
Michael Newshel: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ralph Giacobbe with Citi. Please go ahead.
Ralph Giacobbe: Thanks. Good morning. First just a quick clarification, did you say the higher MLR was it non-inpatient? I think Jeff thats what you said, I thought Michael, in my recollection said inpatient?
Michael Neidorff: Yes, non-inpatient.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, it was non-inpatient side.
Ralph Giacobbe: And if you could just flush out when you say non-inpatient is that just elective outpatient, is it drug, just help us in terms of what areas popped to that magnitude to drive the MLR?
Michael Neidorff: I think we just saw normal PCP visits. So, it wasnt necessarily in the specialist category, so just higher doctor visits, is what I would say.
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay, alright. Fair enough. And then just my quick follow-up here, any initial comments around some of the proposed changes for HICS in 2021? And I guess specifically around pulling tax credits for those who pay zero premiums if they dont enroll and dont update their income. I guess just trying to understand logistically do most update each year? So its a non-issue or how easy would it be for you all to sort of aim in making sure this sort of gets done and if you could just what percentage of your HICS enrollees pay zero premiums? Thanks.
Kevin Counihan: Hi, this is  its Kevin Counihan. So, the payment notice just came out Friday as you know. We are still digesting a lot of those issues that you speak to. We have got broad diversity of folks within the FPL range. I think as you know though we tend to have the majority under 250, so again not trying to be evasive, but we still are just working through the payment notice.
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay, fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dave Windley with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Dave Windley: Thanks. Thanks for squeezing me in. So I wanted to ask a question on revenue, may seem trivial, but you were outside of your revenue range by about $400 million. It doesnt seem like exchange retention is enough to account for all of that. I just wanted to make sure they werent any one-time benefits flowing through the revenue line?
Jeff Schwaneke: No, I think  Dave I think, we mentioned in the  I guess in our December Investor Day that we thought of the Q3 call or December Investor Day that our fourth quarter revenue would be lower than our third, because of the size of the pass-through payments. And I think we did get a few pass-through payments in the quarter that kind of helped revenue. We dont have great visibility on these from states and so they just show up. So I think our  we expected a bigger drop in revenue from Q3 to Q4, but we had $100 million or so in payments.
Dave Windley: Okay. And then second question just again to go back to your headwind and tailwind commentary, I want to make sure I understand that, that is relative to S-4, but that your guidance both on to the earlier question about divestitures, but also in terms of timing of close that it would seem that those two items relative to what you would have baked into your neutral in year one and mid to high single-digit accretion in year two, that particularly the year one element of that, that those two things probably came out better than we expected, is that a fair conclusion, timing of close in divestitures?
Jeff Schwaneke: Which two items came out better than we expected?
Dave Windley: Timing of close and the magnitude of divestitures?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, yes, but the timing of close, I mean, when we gave our numbers we are  the accretion target is a full year, right. So it doesnt really matter when it starts, its a full year. And my point on the guidance is we are going to have to pro-rate January and thats going to have an effect, right. And then if you just take the WellCare top line number that they were expected to hit for 2019 and you take 22 days out of that, thats a sizable number.
Dave Windley: Okay, fair enough.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gary Taylor with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Gary Taylor: Hey, good morning.
Michael Neidorff: Good morning, Gary.
Gary Taylor: Hi. I wanted to  I had a clarification on that last point as well. So maybe I will try to put it a little clear, because I have had a few questions. So Jeff, when you had laid out some of the headwinds around WellCare, those are relative to ultimately the 2020 consolidated pro forma guidance you are going to give, those are not headwinds to the year one at least neutral accretion guidance?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, yes  yes, that is correct, yes, yes, youre correct on that.
Gary Taylor: Okay. I just had a couple of questions. My last one I wanted to go back to the exchange question just one more time and make sure I understood about  you had mentioned that some of the increased costs were in states where you were already up against the minimum MLRs that had some accruals. So effectively costs  additional costs you would have incurred in those states, I guess might have  would not have impacted earnings, because you had already  your margin is essentially already capped  your MLR is already capped and then consequently, moving into next year any improvement wouldnt flow through to earnings, because again, your MLR at least is already essentially capped, if you are into the minimum MLRs. Am I understanding that correctly or is there a different point you were trying to convey on that part?
Jeff Schwaneke: The biggest piece of that that you are missing is that the MLR calculation is a 3-year rolling calculation.
Gary Taylor: Right.
Jeff Schwaneke: So to the extent we had cost in the fourth quarter and you are in a minimum MLR rebate, its not a 1:1, right and it depends on the magnitude of the prior year MLR rebates. And so when you go forward, if I had lower MLR rebate in 2019 that is a lower amount that I have to deal with in the future, right. So its not a 1:1. I mean, you could  if everything was equal per year, you could say its a one-third benefit. So, if we had costs in the fourth quarter, we would get a third of that back, but the math isnt that simple, because every year is a different MLR number.
Gary Taylor: So the math is complex, but I think the point you were trying to convey though at least was that the thought that in incurring some of these settlements and reaching in network agreements with some of these PCPs ultimately was going to provide some better MLR performance in 2020. Is that fair?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. Well, I would say there is two things. Number one its better reimbursement, more favorable reimbursement for us going forward as a contracted provider, right. So that helps. And then yes, it reduces the aggregate level of MLR payable that you have and so thereby provides a benefit going forward.
Gary Taylor: Okay. Thank you very much.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from George Hill with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
George Hill: Hey, good morning, guys and thanks for squeezing me in. A lot of my questions have been answered. I guess, I would ask one kind of philosophically on the Medicaid demonstration projects around the block grants. Do you guys in the pharmacy business feel like you are better off with the statutory rebate on the drug side or do you feel these guys feel like the business would be better served taking a formulary approach in being able to negotiate your own discounts and rebates? Thanks.
Michael Neidorff: Well, I mean, I always  Ive always liked the idea we are more masters of our destiny, right, but I think, when you have the systems we have and the capabilities where we are going, we have the flexibility to work either way. So, we will make our decisions as I have always said, based on the facts of what they are at the time and these are still issues under discussion and there is opportunities to influence some aspects of that we believe and thats what we will do and its  we just take a very open-ended approach to it. And I am comfortable we will end up in a strong position at the end of the day.
George Hill: Thanks. I appreciate the color.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Michael Neidorff for any closing remarks.
Michael Neidorff: Well, we thank you for your comments and thoughts today and the chance to clarify some of these things and we are looking forward to the March 4, as I recall thats the date, Jeff, where we are going to be able to give you the full guidance and kind of set the baseline on what this combined company will be doing going forward. We believe it will be very significant. So, thank you and we will be talking to you again in March.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending todays presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-11-01 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome and thank you for standing by for the Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Todays conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now I will turn the meeting over to Joe Bogdan. Thank you. You may begin.
Joe Bogdan: Good morning, and thank you for joining Magellan Health third quarter 2019 earnings call. Today are Magellans CEO, Barry Smith; and our CFO, Jon Rubin.  Were also fortunate to have our incoming CEO, Ken Fasola on the call as well. While he wont be taking any questions today. His first day at Magellan will be November 14 and he will be on our 2020 guidance call in December. The press release announcing our third quarter earnings was distributed this morning. A replay of this call will be available shortly after the conclusion of the call through December 1. The numbers to access the replay are in the earnings release. For those who listen to the rebroadcast of this presentation, we remind you that the remarks made herein are as of today, Friday, November 1, 2019, and have not been updated subsequent to the initial earnings call. During our call, we will make forward-looking statements, including statements related to our growth prospects and our 2019 outlook. Listeners are cautioned that these statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond our control. These risks and uncertainties can cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations, and we advise listeners to review the risk factors discussed in our press release this morning and documents we filed with or furnished to the SEC. In addition, please note that Magellan uses certain non-GAAP financial measures when describing our financial results. Specifically, we refer to segment profit, adjusted net income, and adjusted EPS, which are defined in our SEC filings and in todays press release. Segment profit is equal to net revenues less the sum of cost of care, cost of goods sold, direct service costs, and other operating expenses, and includes income from unconsolidated subsidiaries, but excludes segment profit from non-controlling interests held by other parties, stock compensation expense, special charges or benefits as well as changes in the fair value of contingent consideration recorded in relation to acquisitions. Adjusted net income and adjusted EPS reflects certain adjustments made for acquisitions completed after January 1, 2013, to exclude non-cash stock compensation expense resulting from restricted stock purchases by sellers, changes in the fair value of contingent consideration, amortization of identified acquisition intangibles as well as impairment of identified acquisition intangibles. Please refer to the tables included with this mornings press release, which is available on our website, for a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the corresponding GAAP measures. I will now turn the call over to our CEO, Barry Smith.
Barry Smith: Thank you, Joe. Good morning, and thank you all for joining us today. On our call this morning, I will comment on the financial results for the quarter and a reduction to 2019 guidance. Ill also highlight business and operational developments, including progress on our margin improvement initiatives. For the third quarter of 2019, we reported net revenue of $1.8 billion, net income of $21.3 million and EPS of $0.86 per share. Our adjusted net income was $30.2 million or $1.23 per share and we achieved segment profit of $72.2 million. Results for the quarter were solid in MCC and Pharmacy, but we are lowering our 2019 earnings guidance primarily due to the following two factors. Cost of care pressure in our behavioral and specialty health business, and severance charges related to our operational improvement initiatives. As Ill discuss these pressures are short-term in nature and should not affect progress towards our margin goal of at least 2% adjusted income by 2021. Later in the call, John will provide additional details on our quarterly financial results. Our updated 2019s earnings guidance and some initial commentary on our outlook for 2020. Now let me highlight some specific developments within our business during the third quarter and the progress we are making towards our margin improvement plan. Within our Magellan Complete Care portfolio of managed Medicaid health plans, we continue to execute against our medical action plans towards the goal of achieving industry-competitive margins. In addition to reducing costs, our team remains focused on improving the quality and associated outcomes from the medical services provided to our members. In Virginia, I am pleased to report that our efforts to improve the cost of care continue to show progress. Our medical loss ratio for the quarter was in the low 90s. The focus of our medical action plans does not changed in Virginia. We continue to drive value through the appropriate management of inpatient, outpatient, and personal care services as well as claim payment integrity reviews. For example, weve been successful in managing outpatient behavioral health services where we approach care coordination on a member-centric basis. The key is understanding whats best for the member and proactively connecting them to the appropriate care, while avoiding waste and duplicated services. These upfront interventions also prevent increases in inpatient hospitalizations and ER visits. While we still have work to do to reach out to our target margin in Virginia, we feel good about the continued progress weve made to-date in 2019. Regarding our New York plan, we highlighted our second quarter earnings call in a call that we were awaiting updated capitation rates for the current fiscal year. Im pleased to report that weve received these new rates and they are largely in line with our expectations, including an update to our risk scores to reflect the increased acuity of our population. Now turning to our Behavioral and Specialty Health business. We have experienced an increase in cost of care, particularly for inpatient admissions within our Behavioral Health business. We are currently working on action plans to mitigate the impact. Id also note that our customer contracts allow for annual re-setting of capitation rates to reflect emerging experience and anticipated future trend. So, while these cost pressures affect our 2019 earnings outlook, we do not expect a material ongoing impact in 2020. With respect to product development, we have recently deployed an industry-leading automated prior authorization solutions called Decision Point. The tool will provide clinical guidelines predetermine the medical necessity of certain imaging procedures to inform providers and enable authorization determinations in real-time through full integration at the point of care. Because providers are increasingly accountable for the cost of care of their patients, we see this as a new growth channel, and are currently piloting the program with a number of provider groups. Now let me provide you with some quarterly operational highlights for Magellan Rx. Throughout 2019, we have been actively working towards our strategic priority of lowering the cost of goods sold through negotiations with our network pharmacies, manufacturers and wholesalers. Im pleased to report that to-date; we renegotiated 98% of the supply chain creating savings for our customers, while also improving our gross margin. Our pharmacy team has also been broadening and deepening our specialty carve-out services to retain existing and attract new customers. We continue to evaluate therapeutic classes of drugs, where there is an increase in competition, which enhances our opportunity to develop management strategies that create savings, while maintaining or improving quality of care. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has recently reported that biologics are the fastest growing class of therapeutics. Earlier this year in response to the growing biologic spend, we expanded our formulary management program into therapeutic classes such as oncology biosimilars and medical benefit biologics to treat asthma. In preparation for the expanded market entry of oncology biosimilars, weve also expanded our medical pharmacy management program into a comprehensive solution that aims to educate consumers, customers, members, and providers. These expanded products and services are already gaining solid traction with our client base. In our PBM book of business, we continue to see traction with large employer accounts in our core middle market employer business. We feel good about our prospects for 2020 organic growth and retention rate. We will share more details since our plan was finalized in early December. In addition, we are pleased to share that Magellan Rx management was recently accredited by NCQA for utilization management. This recognition reflects the high quality of medical management that we provide to our customers and their members. In our Part D business, our bid rates were below the benchmarks in three out of four regions that we did. And as a result, we estimate to retain 80% to 90% of our current membership in 2020. As we mentioned in the past, our entry into the PDP business was primarily designed to gain the necessary experience to serve the managed care PBM market. One of the key elements to our multi-year margin improvement strategy is reducing our administrative costs. We continue to review and execute against opportunities to improve efficiency across all of our businesses through our efforts to accelerate platforms, remove redundancy, and right-size operations. As I noted earlier, we plan to incur severance charges later this year, which reflects the anticipated 2020 implementation of several of these initiatives. Some of these things will contribute to our future margin expansion target and another is will be used for funding investments for our business. Well provide more details during our 2020 guidance call in December. Before turning the call over to John, Id like to emphasize that the headwinds facing us this year are short-term in nature and should not affect the pace of our margin improvement plan. We continue to see significant long-term opportunity for both growth in our healthcare and pharmacy businesses. And we remain focused on improving the adjusted net income margin for the company to at least 2% by 2021. Now Ill turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Jon Rubin. Jon?
Jon Rubin: Thank you, Barry, and good morning, everyone. On todays call, Ill review the third quarter results, discuss our revised outlook for 2019 and provide some initial commentary on our 2020 business plan. For the quarter, revenue was approximately $1.8 billion, which is relatively consistent with the same period in 2018. Growth in MCC, Virginia and new business were essentially offset by MCC Florida and Medicare Part D footprint reductions as well as the previously discussed PBM health plan contract loss due to an acquisition. Net income was $21.3 million and EPS was $0.86. This compares to net income and EPS of $27.1 million and $1.9 respectively for the third quarter of 2018. Adjusted net income was $30.2 million and adjusted EPS was $1.23. This compares to adjusted net income of $36.2 million and adjusted EPS of $1.45 for the prior year quarter. Segment profit was $72.2 million for the third quarter compared to $88.3 million in the prior year quarter. Now for our healthcare business, segment profit for the third quarter of 2019 was $44.7 million versus $61.7 million in the third quarter of 2018. Healthcare results for the current quarter include net favorable out of period adjustments of approximately $4 million, compared to $22 million of net favorable out of period adjustments in the prior year quarter. Adjusting for these out of period items, segment profit was $1 million higher than in the prior year quarter. This net increase in segment profit is driven by progress on our cost of care initiatives in Virginia, offset by cost of care pressure in the Behavioral and Specialty Healthcare business as well as lower discretionary benefit expenses in 2018. As Barry mentioned, were seeing an increase in demand for behavioral inpatient services this year. Were currently in negotiations with key behavioral customer on our 2020 rate renewals, which will incorporate this recent experience. So, we dont expect significant earnings pressure to continue into 2020. In addition, were continuing to strengthen and execute our care management programs, particularly inpatient concurrent stay reviews and targeted network initiatives. Turning to pharmacy management. We reported segment profit of $35.4 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2019, which was an increase of 5.2% from the third quarter of 2018. This year-over-year increase was primarily driven by growth and improved profitability in our Magellan Rx Specialty division. Regarding other financial results. Corporate costs inclusive of eliminations, but excluding stock compensation expense, totaled $8 million compared to $7 million in the third quarter of 2018. Total direct service and operating expenses, excluding stock compensation expense and changes in fair value of contingent consideration were [indiscernible] of revenue in the current quarter compared to 13.8% in the prior year quarter. This increase was primarily due to lower discretionary benefit expenses in the prior year quarter and a change in business mix. Stock compensation expense for the current quarter was $4.8 million, a decrease of $4.5 million from the prior years quarter. This reduction is primarily due to timing related to vesting of certain equity awards. The effective income tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2019, was 31.2% versus 26.3% in the prior year. The 2019 year-to-date tax rate is higher than the comparable 2018 rate mainly due to book to tax differences related to stock compensation expense, partially offset by the suspension of the health insurer fee in 2019. We anticipate a full-year effective income tax rate of approximately 31%. Our cash flow from operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2019, was $144.4 million. This compares to cash flow from operations of $34 million for the prior year period. This year-over-year improvement is primarily related to favorable working capital changes and lower tax payments. As of September 30, 2019, the companys unrestricted cash and investments totaled $220.3 million compared to $130.4 million at December 31, 2018. Approximately $105.4 million of the unrestricted cash and investments at September 30, 2019, is related to excess capital and undistributed earnings held at regulated entities. Restricted cash and investments at September 30, 2019, decreased to $500 million from $527.7 million at December 31, 2018. This decrease was primarily due to changes in working capital of our regulated subsidiaries. Now as Barry mentioned, were lowering our earnings guidance. The primary drivers for the reduction are first, pressure in our Behavioral and Specialty Healthcare business primarily related to higher than anticipated demand for behavioral inpatient services, and second an estimate of severance and other costs that we expect to recognize later in 2019. Specifically, we are revising our 2019 full-year earnings guidance ranges to the following. Net income of $47 million to $65 million, EPS in the range of $1.92 to $2.65, adjusted net income of $82 million and $98 million, adjusted EPS in the range of $3.35 to $4 and segment profit of $245 million to $260 million. Were maintaining our current revenue guidance range of $7 billion to $7.2 billion. As I noted previously with key rate renewals and progress for our behavioral health customer contracts, we believe we will mitigate the majority of this earnings pressure in 2020. Were in the process of finalizing our business for 2020 and will provide detailed guidance in early December. In advance of the 2020 guidance call, Ill now provide some high level commentary. To start, the midpoint of our revised 2019 guidance range for segment profit needs to be adjusted by two factors to arrive at a run rate. First, approximately $22 million of combined net favorable year-to-date out of period adjustments an estimated fourth quarter severance charges. Second, approximately $12 million of additional segment profit in 2020 related to the provision for non-deductibility of the health insurer fee, which we expect to be reinstated. After adjusting for these two items, our 2019 normalized segment profit run rate would be in the range of $235 million to $250 million. We expect that 2020 segment profit will be significantly higher than this normalized 2019 segment profit range. And key drivers of this segment profit increase in 2020. Our continued execution against cost of care initiatives for MCC Virginia and other healthcare contracts, rate increases in our healthcare business in excess of care trend and net business growth. In closing, our results for the quarter in MCC and Pharmacy were solid. Despite the short-term pressure were seeing in our Behavioral and Specialty Healthcare business, were making good progress on our profitability improvement initiatives and are well positioned to achieve earnings growth in 2020 and beyond. And with that, Ill now turn the call back over to Barry. Barry?
Barry Smith: Thanks, Jon. As we end todays call, I am delighted to introduce Ken Fasola as Magellans new Chief Executive Officer to succeed me effective November the 14th, 2019. The Board and I are all pleased that were able to have to attract such a capable individual of Kens caliber, who has broad healthcare experience and a proven leadership track record. Ken has had a successful leadership career spanning three decades in the healthcare industry. He has held key executive roles at Humana, UnitedHealth Group and the Blues in business operations, marketing and sales. Most importantly, he has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of HealthMarkets, one of the largest health insurance agencies in the U.S., which was acquired earlier this year by UnitedHealth Group. I know the Board is looking forward to working closely with Ken in Magellans Executive leadership team to continue the next phase of growth for the company. Ive agreed to assist with the transition as needed. On a personal note, I am grateful to the Board and our executive leadership team and Magellans 10,000 employees for their commitment and dedication to Magellan Health, its members, customers, and investors. Over the past seven years, the company experienced a period of expansion through organic growth and strategic acquisitions. Magellans portfolio of businesses, Magellan Complete Care, Magellan Behavioral and Specialty Health and Magellan Rx Management are poised for future success. Id like to welcome Ken into the call and ask that he share a few comments. Ken?
Ken Fasola: Thank you, Barry, and good morning. I appreciate Barrys and the Boards confidence and Im honored to be named Magellans CEO. Im looking forward to leading Magellan and would highlight several distinct advantages we have built from. Its been said that great companies well defined by the leaders are in fact built by their people. Magellan has a team of highly skilled, committed, mission-driven employees, anchored around a culture that values respect and caring and proven expertise in managing complex population health across our three business lines. These advantages will serve us well in todays rapidly evolving healthcare marketplace. Over the coming months I plan to dedicate time with key stakeholders, the Board of Directors, and Magellans executive leadership team to refine our strategy and lead this company into its next phase of growth. I look forward to meeting those of you on the call in the very near future and with that, Barry. I turn it back over to you.
Barry Smith: Great, thank you, Ken. And with that, now Ill also turn the call back over to the operator, who will be happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question or comment comes from Kevin Fischbeck from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Kevin Fischbeck: Great, thanks. Just want to go into the behavioral issues in the quarter. Can you talk a little bit about, you said, that you dont really expect much of an impact in 2020. How much of that offset is coming in the form of rate increases versus some of the operational costs and network changes that youre making?
JonRubin: Hi, Kevin, its Jon. Let me start on that. First, really as we think about the pressures in behavioral, which were driven by demand for inpatient services and our means of addressing it. Theres really two main things that were doing. One is as noted on the call  on our prepared remarks, working with customers as were negotiating rates into 2020 to make sure that those rates reflect both the baseline experience that weve seen as a result of the increased demand and the trends that were seeing in the business. So, thats something again thats in progress now and we expect to be completed hopefully by the end of the year in first quarter. Second, really is the action plans on the care management side both concurrent review for inpatient stays, contracts are generally per diem although we have a mix of contracts, we are making progress on that and looking for further improvement. And also on targeted network initiatives because we've identified some facilities that are outliers and we've seen some change in mix of services to some of the higher cost facilities. So, well, I'd say, the relative rate weighting of those things, the rates will likely have a bigger near-term impact both will be important as we drive progress going forward.
Barry Smith: The only other thing I would add to Jon's comment is that when we see these underlying shifts in the population, we do have agreements with our clients that we can renegotiate our rates based upon that increased demand, because the population is fundamentally different. And it's some of our accounts we have seen it on the MCC side as well as the commercial side as well. When you have unanticipated populations that have different impacts on utilization and demand, we typically able to renegotiate in a way that keeps us whole and allows us to have our normalized margins. And so we expect to see that in this case.
Kevin Fischbeck: And this ability to kind of re-contract is this that  is this in the normal re-pricing cycle and you got this some time for that or you're saying that your contracts kind of allow for even unexpected changes in the utilization throughout the year. You have an ability to go back and re-contract that?
Jon Rubin: Yes, Kevin, right now we are in the normal cycle. So, where the timing is good for us because we're just heading into those negotiations like I said in many cases with some of the largest, most critical customers those are already ongoing. So, while our contract do allow re-openers under certain circumstances in this case, we are actually in the normal cycle, which actually facilitates this.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. And then the Virginia contract. It sounds like you're doing well there these at low 90s MLR. I think the guidance you said was that you want to be at 90% MLR there. Is that still what you think the ultimate target is or are there still opportunity to go below that?
Jon Rubin: Yes, I'd say there's some opportunity to go below that, I'd say 90% would be where we think we need to at least to get into the normal profit margin range, but our objective would be to do 90% or better. But we think we are based on where we are 90% over the foreseeable future is very reasonable.
Barry Smith: And Kevin we've had great success this year in managing costs appropriately with both the in-patient utilization management, claims integrity, outpatient costs. So, we've seen the kinds of initiatives have material impact. The other thing is that many of the initiatives that we deployed even in late 2018 we haven't seen full yet the positive impact of those, they are still emerging in a positive way. So, we expect to see value throughout this year, but also into 2020, which gives us great hope for normalized margins in the near future there.
Kevin Fischbeck: Great. And then on the Magellan Rx side, I guess, you said you've gone to 98% in the supply chain. How do we think about this is something that you guys do kind of annually and it felt like maybe you are a little bit later to that process this year than normal. How do we think about the ability to go back next year and get additional savings, is it going to be kind of the same pace and timing or should we see it be a little bit more front-end loaded?
Jon Rubin: Yes, I would say, I mean, Kevin what you said is true. I mean it is a continuous process that you never done. What I would say though is that some of the initiatives we undertook this year were beyond just the normal annual re-contracting. We actually did a full RFP for a wholesaler contract, for example, and did change wholesalers to affect cost improvement and get the best possible terms. So, you're right that it is an annual process, and what I'd say is we'll get the full benefit next year of what we implemented this year, much of which wasn't implemented until second quarter this year. So, we'll get some annualization of that next year and then next year like you said we'll go through the normal process of as we grow the business and as we have opportunities to affect additional savings.
Barry Smith: In fact as kind of building on Jon's comment there, we've seen greater and greater success with larger and larger clients both in the MCO world, but also on the commercial side as well. And because of that incremental volume we are able to go back to network, particularly, we have density in certain geographic areas and negotiate better pricing with our network, and also on the specialty side negotiate better deals for both our clients, which enhance our margins as well. So, it works well, we've seen that progress over the last several years, but it really continues, it's kicking into higher gear now and then, I think, I've seen it in the past.
Kevin Fischbeck: And then maybe last question. On the severance initiatives and operational improvements, so, I'm just trying to understand kind of how that impacts this year's numbers versus next year's numbers because it sounds like you've got extra costs in this year's numbers that you're not really excluding from the core results, which would go away to some degree next year plus you'd be generating savings, some of which gets reinvested, but some of which passed to the bottom line. So, just trying to understand is there any way that you can quantify at the very least kind of the severance cost that you're taking on this year versus kind of the return on those investments you expect over the next year or two?
Jon Rubin: Yes, this is Jon. So, two general comments. We'll provide more detail on next year's budget in December. We're still finalizing the plan. So, I don't have precise numbers for you. But in terms of severance what we're currently expecting order of magnitudes about $5 million of severance in fourth quarter and that number we will refine as we kind of complete our plans and go through the next month or so. But that's the least ballpark, what we're expecting at this point. In terms of next year and exactly how much of these savings will be reinvested versus will accrue to our benefit short-term, those things we're still working out and we'll kind of have a updated view on as we go to guidance call. The only other note, I'd make is, if you recall last year when we talked or even earlier this year, we said we have about $35 million of incremental expense savings opportunities beyond what we signed up for and achieved in 2019. That won't be necessarily in 2020, but that if you think about our two or three year path to getting to fully competitive margins that's order of magnitude the amount that we believe we have left and have the opportunity to achieve over the next couple of years.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. And just to make sure that $230 million to $250 million kind of normalized base which you talked about for 2019, does that exclude the severance costs or is that still includes the severance costs?
Jon Rubin: Yes, that's excludes it. So, it was one of the things we adjusted out.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay, so, that $235 million is a good base, it has the severance out.
Jon Rubin: Yes.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay, thank you.
Jon Rubin: You bet.
Barry Smith: Great. Thanks, Kevin.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from Dave Styblo from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Dave Styblo: Hi, there. Good morning. And I guess to start out with Ken welcome on over. I'm looking forward to working with you and Barry, I guess, maybe this is the last time we will probably hear from you on the call. So, I just want to say thanks for perspective and enjoyed working with you over the years. I want to just come back to understand the guidance. So, it sounds like based on response to Kevin's question of the $25 million to $30 million segment profit about $5 million of that is related to severance. I know you guys talked about other costs in there. I just want to make sure that I'm thinking about that right that it's $5 million there and call it $20 million plus related to the healthcare earnings that are dampened. Is that sort of the right split?
Jon Rubin: Yes, I'd say, ballpark, Dave that's right. I would say that of the two items I specifically noted it's around $5 million in severance and around $15 million on the behavioral specialty cost of care side. But you're right, I mean, there is handful of other things, smaller things that added up and as well. We did have some pressure in the first half of the year, which while we were still in the guidance range would have potentially pulled us a little bit below midpoint. But round numbers, again, I do five and fifteen and then the rest again either rounding in terms of where we were versus midpoint or a handful of other smaller things.
Dave Styblo: Okay. And then on the severance, I guess, you guys had announced this initially thinking this extra savings back in December a year ago at the guidance call. Just curious what may have changed as you've evaluated the year to include some more severance cost. I would have thought that these would have originally been baked into guidance though and sort of the plans that you guys have. Is there something that got pulled forward or change that is now causing the severance cost to land in the four quarter of this year?
Jon Rubin: Yes, I would say, Dave it's just having increased specificity now in terms of the plans and timing, and also if you can imagine as we go into the planning phase, we're also looking at the volumes that we have to deal within the following year. So, whether we're able to achieve the expense reductions with or without further reductions in workforce or requiring additional severance would be based on what growth looks like in the following year as well. So I wouldn't look at it as materially different I would look at it as fine tuning of kind of our multi-year plan and the timing of it.
Dave Styblo: Okay, got it. And then on the behavioral specialty issues. Can you, Jon, maybe you can elaborate a little bit more on how widespread the increased utilization is? Is it related to a certain pockets of employer groups or into a certain geography or is this very broadly spread across the book. And why do you guys think you're all of a sudden seeing this now?
Jon Rubin: Yes, I mean, that's a great question Dave and one that honestly we're spending a lot of time trying to gain further understanding of, it is relatively widespread, meaning, it's not just one account. I mean, obviously there's certain large accounts where it adds up to more, but we are seeing this increased demand for inpatient and it's really primarily behavioral health. We're seeing that across a variety of accounts and population. So, it does seem like it's more of a sort of broad market phenomenon rather than either anything specific to things we're doing or in a particular customer, but in terms of really trying to get down and understand are there any sort of specific caused us versus just general demand or industry trends right now we're seeing it be more widespread in nature.
Barry Smith: And Dave the only thing I would add to that is that in some accounts, given the fact that you see churn in populations, you're bringing on new populations, who not have been covered in the past particularly in the Medicaid world, or on the MCC side again individuals new populations bringing on, may not have had access, the fact that we are well known and there is a relationship already in place and Magellan being a provider for behavioral health. We do believe that does have an impact on the populations that we typically attract or receive. And so those are underlying trends we're trying to understand better, but they do seem to have an impact.
Dave Styblo: Okay. And I'm sure from a competitive standpoint negotiation you probably don't want to say too much, but can you give us a sense of, I guess, about $15 million cost drag on this. How much revenue is related against that $15 million? And just trying to get a sense of, okay, how much of a rate increase ballpark do you guys need next year as you go through to feel good about getting back to kind of a normalized profit on the business? I was going to say, and is there any sort of restrictions in terms of regulators that may cap you on how much you can increase the rates for next year?
Jon Rubin: Yes, I would say, Dave it's really much more of a negotiation. We need to get our primarily health plan customers in the behavioral specialty segment and behavioral health, we're talking about. And I looked at it really more sort of the normal course of negotiating. So no regulatory constraints because again these are commercial customers and we're a subcontractor really more arms length negotiations. And from a contract standpoint, we often have sort of defined rate methodology was taken into account both the underlying baseline experience over the period and the actual trends. Now having said that, it is a negotiation. So, while there are no hard constraints. It is something that we're working hard to educate customers on and get to the right place on. Yes, I'd rather not speak at a customer level about what rates are required. It does vary by customer, but we think it is manageable to make up the vast majority of the current shortfall. And again those discussions are well underway.
Dave Styblo: Alright, good. Last one, I'll let others, but what for the 2019 guidance now. What does that assume for the Virginia margin. What's embedded in there?
Jon Rubin: For the full year?
Dave Styblo: Right, yes.
Jon Rubin: Yes, it's still what we've talked about earlier and then sort of the low '90s. So, it would be really, really a continuation of the type of experience we've seen to-date. And, again, we're feeling pretty good based on where we are right now.
Dave Styblo: So, to be more specific, pre-tax margin, what is the assumption?
Jon Rubin: It's pretty close to break-even, when you're running in the low '90s if that was the question.
Dave Styblo: Yes, okay. Thanks, guys.
Barry Smith: Great. Thanks, Dave. It's been wonderful working with you as well. And all I can tell you, you're getting a great big upgrade with Ken coming on board. So, we're all thrilled to have him and I'm sure you'll enjoy working with him as well. Thank you.
Dave Styblo: Great. Thanks, Barry.
Barry Smith: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question or comment comes from Scott Fidel from Stephens. Your line is open.
Scott Fidel : Hi, thanks. And first of all, Barry best wishes on your retirement. And congrats to Ken on coming on board as CEO. I'm looking forward to catching up with you soon and hearing your thoughts on the future strategy. So, first question just on sort of keeping on the new sort of behavioral cost issues. How would you guys sort of describe the sequencing of how that emerged during the third quarter, did that start picking up earlier in the quarter or later? And then just in terms of  from the claims experience and reserve development side, what if you seen on sort of a look-back basis in terms of claims coming in, in terms of what that's implying for maybe how when these issues maybe started to emerge in the first half of the year or not as well?
Jon Rubin: Yes, Scott, great question. The way I describe it is we saw some pressure emerging in the first half of the year, but it seemed within sort of normal range of seasonal volatility. So, we had assumed that the modest increase in demand we saw in the first half of the year was more sort of seasonal in nature and wasn't  and we expected things to return to normal in the second half of the year. In third quarter, we saw claims come in high and we also had about $3 million in this particular segment of unfavorable development related to the first half of the year. So, we saw in the first half actually restated unfavorably and then additional pressure in third quarter. I mean, now we've kind of incorporated the new run rate into the full-year outlook. So, in terms of the progression that's how I best describe it.
Scott Fidel : Got it. And Jon do you feel at this point just in terms of keeping the reserving up to date with these emerging trends maybe talk about on the reserve side sort of your confidence that you are building in enough conservatism into the reserves. If you do see these trends continue, are you building in that they are essentially leveling out or are you building some additional conservatism that some of these trends may potentially continue to accelerate?
Jon Rubin: Yes. No, I mean, we have refined our methodology based on what we know and based on the emerging trends. And again if you look at second quarter restated and you look at third quarter now  the relatively level. So in fact, going in to fourth quarter, it's not like we're seeing a huge uptick. Now we've got a much better picture of both second quarter and third quarter and feel like we're appropriately reserved and forecast now for the fourth quarter. I mean, I hope it ends up being conservative, but we think we've got a pretty good beat now on the full year.
Scott Fidel : Got it. And then just on the New York side of things. Just to level set on that. It has to be in terms of the rate increases, and the updated risk scores, did that pretty much come in pretty much spot on with what you had built into the guidance for the year or was there any sort of variance in terms of either a little bit more favorable or negative relative to what you had in the plan?
Jon Rubin: Yes, actually, it was pretty much what we expected. I mean if you recall, we said we expected the rate changes to be worth sort of $20 million to $25 million over the second half of the year that was what we originally expected. I mean I'd say ballpark we came in pretty close to that in terms of New York overall. The base rates were a little bit lower than expected and the risk adjusted is a little bit higher in terms of the components, but the overall we came in pretty close. And obviously some of that was retroactive to second quarter if you recall it was a 4.1 on the effective date. So we did have some out of period favorability, as well as obviously the benefit in the third quarter.
Scott Fidel : Got it. And then just one last one from me just relative to the updated guide. So it's still as a pretty wide implied range in the 4Q. So maybe you want to sort of highlight sort of key swing factors in terms of what you're building in at the higher end relative to the lower end. I'd assume that maybe some of that relates to how much rate you start getting for the behavioral and specialty issues. And then maybe also within that dynamic sort of what's embedded sequentially around pharmacy margins? Clearly that was a bright spot in the quarter in terms of the pharmacy business continuing to improve and just sort of interested and sort of what you're thinking in terms of margins for the Rx business in 4Q. And that's it for me. Thanks.
Jon Rubin: Okay. Yes, in terms of the pharmacy piece of it, we did see good margins in the quarter. What I'd say is if you look at the last couple of quarters in pharmacy, weve run reasonably well. We'd expect to continue at that general level of margin. So, I think, that should be pretty stable as we complete this year and as well as we go into next year. I'm sorry, Scott, can you repeat the first part of the question again?
Scott Fidel : Sure, Jon. Just in terms of the wide range still on sort of the implied 4Q guide and sort of the swing factors to the high-end to the low-end. My assumption was maybe that's sort of reflects how much rate you get on to reflect some of the cost issues youre seeing and the behavioral specialty, but just interested in sort of what some of those swing factors are that drive pretty wide range still on the implied 4Q guide?
Jon Rubin: Okay, got it. Sorry about that. Yes, so no it's not the behavioral rate. Those are really 2020 negotiations that we're going through now. So it really won't have an impact on 2019. I wouldn't read a whole lot into the range kind of being plus or minus $7 million, $7.5 million. I would just look at it as there are factors that there's always some level of volatility and obviously cost of care is one. On the rate side, there's always things we're negotiating, generally those are more favorable in nature which states around restores and rates for different facets of the population that have some opportunity. We talked about severance charges. Those are things we will fine tune as we go through the balance of the year. I'd say those are really the key items. I mean again, the further you get in the years, the more confidence we have, and we have narrowed the range some. But like I said, it wouldn't attach a whole lot of significance to the width of the range other than we try to make sure were forecasting that we've got confidence of being within the range.
Scott Fidel : Yes, got it. And probably, I guess, that wide range is more related to EPS actually than the segment profit dynamics. So again, probably just the reality is with smaller share count as well. So, I appreciate that clarification. Thank you.
Jon Rubin: Got it.
Operator: Thank you. And I'm currently showing no further questions or comments at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to Barry Smith for closing comments.
Barry Smith: We thank you all today for attending our third quarter earnings conference call. Take care.
Operator: That concludes todays conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-23 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Centene Corporation 2019 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ed Kroll, please go ahead.
Ed Kroll: Thank you, Elisa, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on our second quarter 2019 earnings results conference call. Michael Neidorff, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jeff Schwaneke, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Centene, will host this mornings call, which can also be accessed through our website at centene.com. A replay will be available shortly after the calls completion, also at centene.com, or by dialing (877) 344-7529 in the U.S. and Canada or in other countries by dialing (412) 317-0088. The playback number for both dial-ins is 10132753. Any remarks that Centene may make about future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the safe harbor provision under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in Centenes most recent Form 10-Q filing filed today, July 23, and the Form 10-K dated February 19 of 2019 and other public SEC filings. Centene anticipates that subsequent events and developments will cause its estimates to change. While the company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. The call will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of these measures with the most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our first quarter 2019 press release, which is also available on the companys website at centene.com at the Investors section. Finally, a reminder that the Centene third quarter 2019 earnings call will be held on Tuesday, October 22, 2019 and our next Investor Day will be held Friday, December 13, 2019 in New York City. With that, Id like to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Michael Neidorff. Michael?
Michael Neidorff: Thank you, Ed. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining Centenes second quarter 2019 earnings call. During the course of this mornings call, we will discuss our second quarter results and provide update on Centenes markets and products. We will also provide commentary around the healthcare legislative and regulatory environment as well as an update on the acquisition of WellCare. Let me begin with second quarter 2019 financials. We are pleased to report another solid quarter marked by robust top and bottom line growth and operating cash flows. Membership at quarter-end was 15 million recipients. This represents an increase of 2.2 million beneficiaries with 17% over the second quarter of 2018. Second quarter revenues increased 29% year-over-year to $18.4 billion. The HBR increased 100 basis points year-over-year to 86.7%. This was primarily attributable to the Marketplace business. As expected, margins have normalized from the favorable performance in 2018. The increase was also attributable to the HIF moratorium as well as the acquisition of Fidelis. We reported adjusted second quarter diluted earnings per share of $1.34. This compares to $0.90 reported in the same period last year, representing 49% increase year-over-year growth. Lastly, operating cash flows came in at $917 million or 1.9 times net earnings. This is the high end of our previously stated range of 1.5 times to 2 times net earnings. These solid results reflect the benefit of our ongoing diversification strategy, which has led us to become $74 billion enterprise. Were no longer simply a Medicaid healthcare company. One has to look at the totality of this enterprise, as the scale and diversity allows us to absorb the ups and downs in rate cycles, markets and subsidiary performance. This ensures that no one part of the portfolio can jeopardize our total organization. Jeff will provide further financial details including updated 2019 guidance in his prepared remarks. A quick comment on medical costs. They remain stable and in line with our expectations in the low single digits. Moving onto markets and product updates; first well discuss Medicaid activity. Our Medicaid book of business continues to perform well in the second quarter. At June 30 we had 8.5 million recipients, represent year-over-your growth of 1.3 million or 18%. We continue to win Medicaid RFPs in new and existing states, upholding our industry-leading RFP win rate of 80%. Now onto state updates, Oregon. In July Centene successfully re-procured its Oregon Medicaid managed care contract. We expanded our presence under this new contract adding three additional counties. We will now be operating in six counties including Metro Portland. Centene currently provides care to 92,000 beneficiaries in the state. The additional three counties will maturely increase our membership in Oregon. We look forward to continue to work with the state demonstrating the value of integrated care, focusing on social determinants of health and maintaining sustainable cost control. The new contract is expected to commence January, 2020 and well run through December 31, 2024. Iowa, July 1 we began operating in Iowas Medicaid managed care program, a new state for Centene. Operations commenced as expected and we are now providing healthcare to approximately 254,000 beneficiaries. Iowa is committed to operating a sustainable Medicaid managed care program as evidenced by the recent rate increase which we did anticipate. We expect to achieve a normal margin within a typical ramp up period for any new Medicaid contract. Iowa marks Centenes 32nd state of operation. New York, it has been just over one year since we closed the Fidelis acquisition and we could not be more pleased with the performance. The integration of the company is running smoothly and we are realizing our synergy and accretion targets. North Carolina, as we have previously noted, Centene won two large regions in North Carolina Medicaid RFP and has an active appeal for the balance of the state. We remained cautiously optimistic regarding our appeal. Texas, Texas recently decided to delay the start of procurement announcement until the end of August. We remained confident in the value we bring to the state. Louisiana has also delayed the announcement of its reprocurement. We now expect to hear late July and remained confident in our prospects there. Next Medicare, at June 30 we served just under 400,000 Medicare and MMP beneficiaries across 20 states. This represents a year-over-year increase of approximately 55,000 recipients. On a sequential basis, membership increased over 4,500 recipients. As we have previously commented, we expect 2019 MA revenue and membership to be flat compared to 2018. This is net of the actions taken by Fidelis to reestablish their poor star rating, which includes exiting 26 counties in 2019. Next year, we plan to expand into 100 counties and existing states and add one more new state, Nevada. We will begin our joint venture with Ascension in poor geographies in 2020. Further, Centene will return to a four star MA parent rating, and the addition of WellCares high-performing MA portfolio will bolster our MA platform. Going forward, this should accelerate profitable long-term growth in the 2020 and beyond. Now Health Insurance Marketplace, the Marketplace business continues to perform well consistent with our expectations. At June 30 we served approximately 1.9 million exchange members across 20 states. This represents a sequential decline of 58,000 recipients, which is lower than our historic attrition rate. We continue to see higher member retention than in prior years, which we previously noted. Importantly, the key demographics of our membership remain in line with our previous remarks on this subject. Consistent with our previous comments, our Marketplace margins continue to be in the 5% to 10% range. We continue to anticipate another strong year of operations as the national leader of exchange products and expect to continue to grow this business in 2020. Next international, in late June we purchased an additional 40% ownership in Ribera Salud from Banco Sabadell, expanding our stake to 90%. We believe our knowledge and skills along with our leading edge IT systems has further enhanced an already strong business in Spain. We continue to look for opportunities to expand our international business. Please note, our growing international business will not distract, impede our ability to pursue the growth opportunities in the U.S. I will now provide an update on the healthcare legislative regulatory environment. Although there appears to be [indiscernible] to revisit comprehensive healthcare reform, Congress and the administration continue exploring ways to improve healthcare delivery systems. We support the administrations decision to withdraw its rebate proposal to eliminate the existing safe harbor protection within Medicare, Medicaid. While the Centene still needs to take up the matter, the House recently voted on a very bipartisan basis to eliminate the health insurance fee. Importantly, there are opportunities in which we can work together to bring down not only pharmaceutical costs, but costs across the entire healthcare delivery system. The administrations approach to deal with the rebate tool is another example demonstrating how Centene does not focus on short-term headline volatility. We focus on the facts as we know them today. We continue to advocate for greater price transparency, which includes moving towards net pricing and pharmacy. In the same rate, we commend Congress on their bipartisan effort to take steps to reduce the amount of money Americans pay out of their pocket for their healthcare costs by ending surprise billings. We continue to see efforts both in Washington State that further stabilize the marketplace. The administrations final rule allowing employers to offer HRAs as an option to pay for marketplace coverage provides an opportunity to have a positive impact on premiums. Also, pending waivers in Utah and Georgia, aim to stabilize the marketplace to provide affordable comprehensive coverage to those between 100% and 250% for the Federal poverty level. This has a potential to improve affordability for those with and without subsidies. As exemplified by Georgia, states are taking the lead with meaningful discussions on how to improve and expand government healthcare programs. They are focusing on taking private sector solutions to enhance quality and lower cost of healthcare. We are well positioned to be supportive of these efforts. We are encouraged by anything that moves us back from politics to policy. Centene is committed to working with both parties on bipartisan solutions that strengthens the nations healthcare delivery system. I would now like to provide an update on the acquisition of WellCare. We were pleased shareholders of both Centene and WellCare overwhelmingly to approve the acquisition on June 24. We appreciate the mandate of our investors as they recognize the value of this transaction. Regulatory discussions are well underway and have been very constructive. Both companies are currently working through the state insurance approval process, required for the completion of the transaction. The requirement Form As and Es have been filed in 27 states. Additional approvals have been obtained in eight states, which is ahead of schedule. Were applicable, the divestiture process is underway, and we are pleased to be seeing a great deal of interest in potential acquirers. Centene and WellCare have each received a request for additional information and documented materials from the Department of Justice. This was expected given the size of this transaction. Both companies continue to work expeditiously and cooperatively with the DOJ. Integration planning is well underway. Our teams are doing extensive work to ensure a smooth and seamless combination of the companies. Both companies are fully engaged and integration planning is progressing well. We remind you that the combined company will have estimated pro forma 2019 revenues in excess of $100 billion and EBITDA of $5 billion. We are comfortable with our previously communicated synergy and accretion targets. We continue to be comfortable that we will receive all necessary approvals to close the deal in the first half of 2020. Given the progress of activities to date, there may be an opportunity to close earlier in 2020. Shifting gear to our RADAR growth. We expect a composite Medicaid rate increase of approximately 1.5% to 2% for 2019. In summary, Centene continues to be a growth company both organically and to M&A. Our targeted pipeline remains robust. We continue to focus on margin expansion and already realizing benefits from our Centene board transformation project. The pending WellCare acquisition firmly solidifies our 2020 vision of maintaining our industry-leading position in the highly competitive government-sponsored healthcare market. We look forward to leveraging the strength of each company brings in terms of providing high quality healthcare at lower costs to our recipients and state customers. We thank you for your continued interest in Centene. And Ill now turn it over to Jeff.
Jeff Schwaneke: Thank you, Michael, and good morning. This morning we reported solid second quarter 2019 results. Second quarter revenues were $18.4 billion, an increase of 29% over the second quarter of 2018, and adjusted diluted earnings per share was $1.34 this quarter compared to $0.90 last year. Adjusted diluted earnings per share for the second quarter of 2019 was driven by solid performance across our business segments. The reconciliation of the 2018 marketplace risk adjustment, which exceeded our expectations by $0.05 per diluted share and $0.03 per diluted share associated with a gain on the Ribera Salud acquisition. Let me provide additional details for the quarter. Total revenues grew by approximately $4.2 billion over the second quarter of 2018, primarily as a result of the acquisition of Fidelis Care, growth in the Health Insurance Marketplace business, expansions and new programs in many of our states in 2018 and 2019, particularly Arkansas, New Mexico and Pennsylvania. This growth was partially offset by the health insurer fee moratorium in 2019. Moving on to HBR, our health benefits ratio was 86.7% in the second quarter of this year compared to 85.7% in last years second quarter and 85.7% in the first quarter of 2019. The HBR increase was primarily driven by the performance in the Marketplace business, the acquisition of Fidelis, which operates at a higher HBR and the health insurer fee moratorium. As we have highlighted previously at our Investor Day, we expected a return to more normalized margins in 2019 for our marketplace business. Additionally, we continue to experience a higher membership retention rate compared to prior years. As members stay with us longer, it increases medical costs in the HBR. I just want to emphasize that this is a slight increase and we are still well within our 5% to 10% pre-tax margin targets for the product. Sequentially, the 100 basis point increase in HBR from the first quarter of 2019 is primarily due to the performance and seasonality in the Health Insurance Marketplace business. Before I get into SG&A, let me provide an update on the Marketplace business. As expected and highlighted at our Investor Day, the final risk adjustment was lower than our year-end accrual by $238 million. Additionally, after adjusting for other risk sharing programs, including ML, MLRs, our estimated RADV adjustment and other programs, the net amount exceeded our expectations by approximately $31 million or $0.05 per diluted share. Recall, we had included approximately $100 million in our annual guidance. This benefit was driven by our Centene Forward program and as highlighted during our Investor Day in June, we are reinvesting this amount and other Centene Forward initiatives in the back half of the year. Now on to SG&A. Our adjusted selling general and administrative expense ratio was 9% in the second quarter of this year compared to 9.6% last year and 9.5% in the first quarter of 2019. The year-over-year decrease was primarily driven by the acquisition of Fidelis Care, which lowered the ratio by 60 basis points. The sequential decrease is primarily due to the higher selling costs in the first quarter associated with the Marketplace and Medicare products. Additionally, we spent $0.04 per diluted share in business expansion costs during the second quarter. Investment in other income was $120 million during the second quarter compared to $65 million last year and $99 million last quarter. The increase reflects increased investment balances over 2018 as a result of the Fidelis Care acquisition, higher interest rates and a gain of $16 million associated with this step up and basis of our previously held equity investment in Ribera Salud upon acquiring a controlling interest. Sequentially, investment income increase due to the previously mentioned gain on the acquisition of Ribera Salud recognized in the second quarter. Interest expense was $101 million for the second quarter 2019 compared to $80 million last year and $99 million last quarter. The increase year-over-year was driven by the additional debt to fund the Fidelis acquisition and higher interest rates associated with our interest rate swaps. Our effective tax rate for the second quarter was 25.7% compared to 36.9% in the second quarter of 2018, which reflects the impact of the health insurer fee moratorium. Now onto the balance sheet. Cash and investments total $15.9 billion at quarter-end, including $801 million held by unregulated subsidiaries. Our risk based capital percentage for NAIC filers continues to be an excess of 350% of the authorized control level. Debt at quarter-end was $7.1 billion, which includes $513 million of borrowings on our revolving credit facility. Our debt to capital ratio was 36.3% excluding our non-recourse debt compared to 36.7% last year and 36.5% at the first quarter of 2019. Our medical claims liability totaled $7.4 billion at quarter-end and represents 47 days in claims payable compared to 48 days in the first quarter of 2019. We continue to expect the DCP to be in the mid-40 range on a run rate basis with the inclusion of Fidelis. Cash flow provided by operations was $917 million in the second quarter or 1.9 times earnings. The cash provided by operating activities in the second quarter of 2019 was due to net earnings collections as premium and trade receivables and an increase in other long-term liabilities driven by the risk adjustment payable for the Health Insurance Marketplace business in 2019. Lastly, I would like to highlight a few of the changes to our 2019 annual guidance. We are increasing the total revenues guidance at the midpoint by $700 million to reflect the second quarter results in higher membership retention in the Marketplace business. Additionally, we are increasing our GAAP and adjusted diluted earnings per share guidance at the midpoints by $0.03 and $0.05 per share respectively associated with the second quarter performance and the gain from the Ribera Salud acquisition. While risk adjustment delivered an additional $0.05 per diluted share of earnings during the quarter, we are reinvesting the additional earnings and other initiatives to accelerate the Centene Forward program. Overall, the operating metrics for the second quarter were good across all of our business segments. We believe the continued growth in revenue provides opportunity for future earnings growth. That concludes my remarks. And operator, you may now open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Scott Fidel with Stephens Inc. Please go ahead.
Scott Fidel: Thanks. Good morning.
Michael Neidorff: Good morning.
Scott Fidel: I just wanted to start on the exchanges. And maybe just update us in terms of the margin front. I know that youre still within that 5% to 10% range. Just interested in terms of are you tracking sort of right to where you had thought previously? And any sense in terms of within that range you maybe sort of tracking for the year. Then just as a follow-up, just on the exchanges as well. Just interested, were seeing a lot of the rate filings coming out and the proposed rates for 2020. And just interested in your updated views on how the pricing environment appears to be trending for 2020 and the exchanges and just reviews on whether competition is increasing in the marketplace? Thanks.
Michael Neidorff: Okay. I want to start-off with the margins, make a little comment on competition, and then let Jeff and Kevin and others comment. The margins are well within a 5% to 10% targeted range. I cannot emphasize enough to everybody that in this business and Ive said this historically at Investor Day so many times, you will see movement up and down within that range. Now in this instance, we commented our retention of membership has been longer than typically  what we have typically seen. That means we are going to get increased revenue because were retaining that membership. They will reach their maximum amount of pockets. And so some of the cost will go up, but well still have increased revenue and increased earnings from that increase. Its the nature of this insurance business. And its really what one expects. And the longer we retain a member, the better it is, because over time, we have demonstrated were keeping for a long period of time, were bringing the cost down for that person. So as I said, its a little frustrating to see people concerned about a margin and moving the margin which is doing so well within the range is normal health insurance performance and shows that this business is really growing and performing as we expected to. And weve commented earlier to expect this. So from a margin standpoint, its doing just what we wanted to do and what we expected to do. And we see that continuing. And the longer you keep the member, the higher the MLR it might go. But also you get all that incremental revenue, in the end which gives you actual dollar earnings increases, and the shareholders, everybody benefit from it. Ill start off a little bit from the competitive standpoint, but we like competition. And we think its important we have  it just makes us better. And weve also commented that in our segment, which is 400% the Federal poverty level and below that its fully subsidized, highly subsidized and therefore price in those types of issues do not give somebody trying to commit on price and advantage. So I think this is a solid business. The actions we took in building it and becoming a leader of it I think its going to pay a lot of dividends for our shareholders going forward. Jeff, anything you want to add?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. I think Michael addressed the member staying longer comment. I think the only thing I would like to bifurcate is we did talk about  previously about margin normalization and if marketplace margins would be consistent with 2017, 2016 and 2015 and that 2018 was a very good year. And so that piece was completely expected in our forecast. And then the second piece, I think that Michael mentioned here was the member staying longer, which just to highlight, weve increased our guidance, our revenue guidance over $1.4 billion for the first and second quarters here, really due to the member retention and them staying longer. And I completely agree with the comments you stated about them.
Michael Neidorff: I want to make one more comment. When we have a $75 billion business, similarly, you have a $20 billion, $30 billion business. And we have more complexity, you have more products, you have more states. Its going to be some variability, but its really a very strong position to be in. And that it really affords us the offsets. And with that site business and now going international  even every market they may have an issue. Its no different than investors that have funds and have a stock that maybe is not [indiscernible] if others have offset it. Marketplace is one of our key strengths and I cant emphasize that enough, Scott.
Scott Fidel: Got it. And it sounds like Michael, so just to clarify on 2020, with what youre seeing the pricing at this point, it sounds like youre still comfortable with the growth rates that youve been targeting in that market for next year.
Michael Neidorff: Yes. I think I commented in my prepared remarks that I expected to grow next year. So  and I think thats  and I still feel that way.
Scott Fidel: Okay, thanks for the color.
Operator: The next question comes from Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Michael Neidorff: Good morning, Kevin.
Kevin Fischbeck: Good morning, thanks. So I guess maybe two questions. First question being when you think about the guidance update, there are a few item in there. You had the $0.03 gain, and then you had the $0.05 that came in, but I think youre spending $0.05 away. When you think about the components of the guidance raise because I think the raise is a little bit less than what the beat leverage versus consensus in the quarter. How do you think about that guidance raise? How much of that is kind of core operational earnings versus kind of one-time things versus potential offsets as far as reinvestments?
Michael Neidorff: I will make one comment and Jeff can go into all the detail you want, okay. But what were trying to say is that we have this Centene Forward, which is really working well. Its going to  its used to freed up funds to invest in technology, the things that are paying big dividends going forward, couldnt be more pleased with it. What happened is we started to realize results in this quarter. And the shovel-ready projects wont be ready until next quarter. So we had to take the earnings but  and in fact said, weve taken the earnings this quarter. But next quarter, were going to have the expense. And Jeff, you might just further
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. I mean, a couple of things I would say is that if youre comparing to I think, the consensus number, I think that was around $1.24, thats $0.10. So we were at $1.34. So thats a $0.10 beat. $0.05 is really driven by what Michael mentioned to Centene Forward, which were reinvesting in the back half of the year. And then you would have another, call it, $0.05, $0.03, from the Ribera Salud gain and call it $0.02 from operations, if youre comparing to consensus. And so I would say the guidance raise was in line with that. Its the $0.03 from the Ribera Salud gain plus $0.02 from operations, again if youre comparing against consensus that we increase the guidance by.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. Thats helpful. And then I guess, the second question being, it looks like you raised the MLR guidance by 10 basis points. Can you talk a little bit about what was driving that? I would have thought that the better exchange enrollment and retention might have helped bring that MLR down a little bit.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. So if youre comparing to year-over-year and specifically for this year, I think Michael commented on the higher member retention. So what we did have in the forecast was the margin normalization. And we talked about that at our December and probably Q1 earnings calls that we anticipated that exchange margins would be similar to 2017 and prior and then 2018 was a very good year. And so Michael commented on the membership retention and if members are staying longer and so its increase in the HBR, the margins just a little bit and thats why we did the tenth on the increase in the HBR guidance.
Michael Neidorff: In other words, Kevin, they stay longer, so they reach the maximum amount of profit. It doesnt mean that their health conditions have deteriorated, if anything. Over time, well see improvements the longer we keep them. But thats really why you see that jump  its a normalization of the business. And the good news is I like the fact were retaining people, this is longer term, were going to have a very strong base there.
Kevin Fischbeck: I mean, I clearly can see why the higher MLR versus a normal exchange person. But I thought a normal exchange person had below average MLR. So even if it was higher than an average exchange person it might be lower than your consolidated MLR. Youre saying that if you keep them longer, its actually higher than your consolidated MLR, which holds up your consolidated MLR?
Jeff Schwaneke: No. No. Its just higher than our previous expectations, Kevin. I mean, we had  I mean, if you look at the Q1 and Q2 how we raised guidance at the top line, thats over  almost $1.4 billion of additional revenue. And what were saying is that that MLR is higher than our expectations that we originally had. So the members are staying longer, which is outside of our expectations well and were adjusting the forecast for that.
Kevin Fischbeck: All right, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Raskin with Nephron Research. Please go ahead.
Josh Raskin: Hi, thanks. Good morning. Just want to ask on the $0.05 that gets reinvested. I guess first question is on the $0.05. That reinvestment in Centene Forward, does any of that go into the MLR line or is that all G&A?
Jeff Schwaneke: The bulk of that would have been in the G&A line.
Josh Raskin: Okay, got it.
Michael Neidorff: But it is, Josh. Its a lot of investments. In other words, we will continue to update our systems. And weve said when were going to be investing in that and thats going to deliver longer return, real efficiencies. And so this whole effort on reducing our G&A costs and reinvesting that money without affecting our earnings stream, as expected, thats where its all about. Its recognized that growth.
Josh Raskin: Okay. That makes sense. And then my real question is just from a strategic standpoint Michael, you alluded to the potential to close WellCare slightly earlier than it sounded like, by the end of the first half of next year. It sounds like youre seeing some progress on the regulatory front that gives you some comfort there. So my question on that is does that do anything strategically? As you think about the Medicare advantage line, any other investments or branding or your M&A strategy or anything along those lines that changed based on your ability to potentially close the transaction faster?
Michael Neidorff: Well, I think that, okay, one, I mean your first thing was right, were seeing a lot of success with the states, they understand it. Weve good discussions with Justice. We understand their role and what they have to do and providing them all the material on a expeditious basis. And I want to just cautiously let people know its going well enough that it could close earlier. Now the sooner it closes and we get the company integrated, the sooner were prepared to move ahead with some accelerated activity we have in mind. But were going to be patient and manage it through carefully after weve demonstrated this is fully integrated. Were not going to bite off more than we can chew. And we know how they integrate companies. Weve demonstrated that. And so anything that picks up that speed just puts us in a position to do something sooner.
Josh Raskin: Perfect, perfect. Thank you, Michael.
Operator: The next question comes from Sarah James with Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Sarah James: Thank you. The DoDs talked about TRICARE moving to risks on the next RFP. Can you help size what that would mean for Centene if you retain the same region? And are there any quality metrics for that contract you can share with us that gives us insight onto how Centene is performing from the DoDs viewpoint?
Michael Neidorff: Kevin, you want to take that?
Kevin Counihan: Sure. Hi, good morning. Weve been working very closely with DoD for a while about this potential new arrangement and also with House and Senate Armed Services Committees. Theres  to your point, theres a variety of different thinking going on within DHA as well as in House and Senate Armed Services Committees about what that final new benefit plan might look like. The risk arrangement that youre talking about is one of the things that theyre considering. But theres a lot of different things theyre considering too with respect to care management, with respect to value-based contracting, with respect to network design. Were very pleased to be at the table and providing a lot of different recommendations and ideas to them.
Sarah James: Got it. And when do you think that youll know how the contract will evolve and potential difference in size of the new contract versus what its contributing to Centene now?
Kevin Counihan: Well, as youre probably aware, theres a leadership change thats going to be taking place over the next couple of months. And so our thinking is probably, after that takes place, which is probably in the late summer or early fall, well probably no more. So I would imagine with the next three to six months.
Sarah James: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Lance Wilkes with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Lance Wilkes: Yes, good morning. Could you talk a little bit about Medicaid medical cost trend and the components of that. Was interested in what the implications are for Iowa in the latter part of the year and maybe as a contributor to MLR guidance, just given the withdrawal of the one of competitors in the end market?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. This is Jeff, Lance. I think what Michael said, we continue to see stable, stable cost trends in the Medicaid business. And as far as Iowa, its nothing has changed. I would say our commentary around Iowa has been that we dont have that forecast that are projected to be a contributor to earnings in the first six months of operation for this year. And I think Michael had reiterated in his commentary, his prepared remarks that we do see kind of a normal, what I would call Medicaid margin profile on a going-forward basis.
Michael Neidorff: Yes. We typically have said that we always book at a higher level for the first three quarters and so, sometimes four. But it doesnt mean its losing, its just  it may be breakeven  but a new business, we work with our providers, on evolution not revolution and so it is an educational process as we work through it, and theyre in our systems and things. So, we see it performing normally as all new markets do.
Lance Wilkes: And is the membership youre getting there kind of all above what your original expectations were or is it in line with those original expectations in your
Michael Neidorff: Chris, you want to comment on that?
Chris Bowers: Sure, sure. Thanks, Michael. We  as I think Michael mentioned in his remarks, were at about 254,000. We do expect to come in close to our anticipated membership of 300,000 by the end of the year.
Michael Neidorff: So, we do see a growing and being a very effective market for us.
Lance Wilkes: Great. Thanks.
Michael Neidorff: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Matt Borsch with BMO. Please go ahead.
Matt Borsch: Yes. if I could just ask the first question on the Texas RFP, The Texas Contract Awards, is there any visibility on the timing at this point?
Michael Neidorff: Yes. Theyve indicated the end of August. But Ive said historically, but I think my quote is, I dont put my hand in fire for any stage in their timings.
Matt Borsch: Okay.
Michael Neidorff: Because as they do what they want, were still confident that its going to continue to be a good opportunity for us.
Matt Borsch: Okay. Okay. And if I could also ask, youve talked about supporting price transparency, should I  should we take that to mean that you would support the initiative to have hospitals and insurers, essentially open up their books in terms of their negotiated rates and if so, do you think that would be something good for pricing and good for Centene?
Michael Neidorff: I think, I dont think that everything Ive read about it. Historically, where theyve tried those kinds of things, it tends to have a negative impact on pricing. All prices seem to rise to the highest level now dropped to the lowest level. I dont think  I dont think that would be good. What Im talking about is, particularly in pharmacy, I think there has been an absence because of replacing things on transparency there and we are working aggressively the move to net pricing on the pharmacy product.
Matt Borsch: Okay. And Im sorry, just last  one last one, which is, do you think that that youll see a substantial impact from the  youve touched on the HRA, the ability of employers to use HRAs for employees to pay ACA premiums. Do you think thats going to have significant follow through?
Michael Neidorff: I think that theres an opportunity there. But I have not quantified it yet, but team hasnt, but I think we see it as potential upside, having no downside risk to us. Its only good, but we have the risk to see how its reacted and hopefully, in future calls well be able to do more guidance on it.
Matt Borsch: All right. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Tanal of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Steve Tanal: Good morning guys. Thanks for the question.
Michael Neidorff: Good morning.
Steve Tanal: I just wanted to dig into some of the specifics as much as youre willing to share on risk adjustments. So, in the queue, it sounds like $238 million favorable reduction in payables, but then a net pretax benefit of $131 million and so two questions. First, the offset sound like minimum MLRs and RADV. So, wed love if you could quantify those. But then getting back to the $0.05, it sounds like that number could have been a lot higher and I want to understand if theres any  if theres been a change, thats sort of permanent in nature and the way youll accrue for this going forward. Does this mean that the marketplace business is more profitable essentially now that than you had been occurring for it? Just that how should we think about all that? Thanks.
Michael Neidorff: Im going to turn that over to our resident expert of risk adjustment. Jeff?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, thanks. Yes, thanks. So, we previewed this obviously at the Investor Day said, we thought at the time, it was going to be more than $200 million, so $238 million is the number. I would say I would size the minimum MLR and the RADV as the two largest components of the offsets and primarily of equal magnitude. One thing to highlight just about RADV specifically is it gets finalized in August of this year, and this is the first year that theyre doing the RADV adjustment for the marketplace. And theyve decided not to collect the funds with the RADV adjustment until 2021. And as a result, theres really, there was no ability for us to offset the RADV adjustment in our minimum MLR calculation. Meaning usually, the MLR calculations, the last, right, so you would have a RADV adjustment that would then be calculated into the minimum MLR, but as this was the first year for the RADV adjustment, we were unable to do that. So, some of the RADV adjustment would have been mitigated in our minimum MLR calculations. But it wasnt for this quarter, because of the unique circumstance. But I guess what I would say is, the Centene Forward program delivered good value and continues to do that on the risk adjustment side and I think thats a good thing long-term.
Michael Neidorff: And I just want to add this, I want to remind everybody that theres two elements to risk adjustment, one that we control thats how well we do a medical expense in our risk. But if somebody else has a negative, has a different than expected result, that impacts us and thats outside our control. So, when you look at this, its not just how were doing, but what the total market in a particular product is doing? I think Im telling you what you already know.
Steve Tanal: Yes, absolutely. And I guess just the $238 million; its pretty sizable on a percentage basis. So just over the last sort of follow-up phases that you guys expect to make any changes to the way you occur or is it going to be consistent going forward?
Jeff Schwaneke: Again, I mean, we were following GAAP, right? So, our job is to make the best estimate at the end of each quarter and at the end of each year. And thats what well continue to do. So, yes, if we have historical information that indicates that were performing better than we would absolutely include that information into our estimates.
Steve Tanal: Okay. Thanks a lot guys.
Michael Neidorff: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Dave Windley with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Dave Windley: Hi. Good morning.
Michael Neidorff: Good morning.
Dave Windley: Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to follow up on MLR just with a cadence question. I think the first half; MLR is up about 120 basis points year-over-year. The guidance implies as the second half would be up a little less than that. Your update on exchange sounds like that drags the back half of the year up a little bit. So, I wondered kind of whats the offset that makes that year-over-year change smaller in the second half is its Fidelis, is that, is that it exclusively or are there other factors? Thanks.
Jeff Schwaneke: Well, I think if youre comparing year-over-year first half to second half, obviously, Fidelis is a change, meaning we did not have that in the first half of last year, right? And we do have Fidelis in the first half of this year. And as weve commented, they were running higher HBR than the Centene-based business when we did the acquisition. So that is definitely a driver.
Dave Windley: And then just quick follow-up on a separate topic. There are, Michael, some enrollment moving parts sequentially in both your TANF/CHIP and ABD/LTSS categories. Could you describe what some of the moving parts are there, and then is the international line now just the change in the ownership base in Ribera Salud? Is that what drives that that addition? Thanks.
Michael Neidorff: Yes. Im going to  Ill start and then Jeff pick up. Obviously, TANF are allowed aslong-term care et cetera. Now, weve got a new business in the east side of Pennsylvania and other things. So, there are moving parts affected by new businesses coming in and all these categories. And so thats going move it to move it up, down around, but over time will smooth out. Jeff, do you want to pick up on the second part of that?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. On the second piece, your spot on, when we took control of the Ribera Salud, weve included those members now, in our membership reporting tables. So thats the change there.
Dave Windley: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Peter Costa with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Peter Costa: Thanks for taking my question. Most of my questions are asked and answered. But I might like to understand a couple of details. First off, what are the incremental startup costs in the fourth quarter from Oregon? And second, what are the changes to your reported earnings, revenues, MLR, and minority interest line for Ribera Salud and the change in ownership there?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. So, first question that there were  there are costs obviously associated with the Oregon startup and we had a placeholder in our original startup cost guidance. So, it fits well within what wed already previously communicated. And then the second thing when youre talking about the consolidation, now obviously, we would  the net earnings impact is in theory the same other than we have more share of those earnings. But now, we will include the revenue and wed had that in the guidance, because we had a  we knew this was  acquisition was coming. So, wed already had that the previous guidance.
Peter Costa: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from A.J. Rice with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
A.J. Rice: Hi, everybody. First off just to ask about the  an update on the PBM side of the business. I think Mississippi and Nebraska, youre rolling out RxAdvance. Any learnings from that? Maybe talk about the cadence of further roll outs there. And I know RxAdvance is talking about additional capabilities that they have care management help, operating efficiency help. Are you exploring any of that? And what kind of opportunity might that be?
Michael Neidorff: Ill ask Brandy and Kevin to pick up on that. Brandy?
Brandy Burkhalter: Hi, A.J. Its Brandy Burkhalter. So, we are currently live in six states with just over one million lives on the RxAdvance platform and very pleased with our progress in what were seeing today. And we look forward to, I guess, exploring the new things that RxAdvance platform allows us to do. And so well have more to come in the future  our future calls, but very pleased with the progress today.
Kevin Counihan: Yes. If I could just amplify a little bit with brandy had said. this is Kevin. I think one of the core learnings that weve had is the importance of engaging independent pharmacies, very early on in the process. So, we get out to the IPA, the independent pharmacy association early. We talk about what were doing, why were doing it, and what the new website is going to look like? Get in their newsletter, things of that sort. So thats been a core learning.
A.J. Rice: Okay, great. Now, youre coming up on a year with Fidelis. I know when that deal was originally struck, there was an expectation of improving the medical loss ratio or trend, but also may be, given a little bit back in the G&A area, but that positive. Can you talk, maybe as you look back over the last year, has it developed as you expected? Are you ahead of plan, but a little bit behind, and how much is there still further things to do once you anniversary this?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. this is Jeff. And its  I think Michael has mentioned this previously, but its been a very good deal for the company. Its performing in line with expectations. Were capturing the synergies that we thought we would and I would see the initiatives and what we expected at the beginning where we were going to invest more G&A dollars to lower the medical costs have actually have occurred. And so were pleased with the performance and I think theres still more opportunity for continued improvement and were working on those actions as we speak.
A.J. Rice: Okay.
Michael Neidorff: Hey guys. As commented before that if we could find more Fidelis, I do one in the morning and one in the afternoon.
A.J. Rice: Okay, okay.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. Absolutely.
A.J. Rice: Just the last question. This guy has raised by one of your larger competitors that already reported the question of a prior period development. You dont specifically put that in the press release at least overtly. Any comment about relative to a normal quarter prior period development and that you realize this quarter relative to last year first quarter?
Michael Neidorff: Its been normal. Jeff, you think
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. its been normal. I mean A.J., weve talked about this before. I mean what we really focus on is the consistency, right? Of development. Meaning, we have a consistent process, we use claims received, we use an impatient validation methodology. So, our methodology is a little unique compared to others in the industry, but we look for consistency and I think ours has been consistent for a long time.
A.J. Rice: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: The next question comes from Gary Taylor with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Gary Taylor: Hi, good morning. Most of my questions answered. So, just two quick follow-ups. It sounds like from the commentary, this is correct, but I just wanted to confirm it still on, in Spain, it was 50% ownership before, but it was not consolidated in the financials and now at 19% or wherever you are  it will be, is that correct?
Michael Neidorff: Yes, thats correct.
Jeff Schwaneke: That is correct, yes.
Gary Taylor: Okay. And then just my other one, just going back to the exchanges and certainly acknowledging your commentary that you thought, margins would normalize to some degree after 2018. we saw in the first quarter when we look at the stat filings that, that the loss ratios and exchanges up about 300 basis points. So, when we get a chance to see that again for the 2Q, is that going to be a pretty consistent trajectory or should we anticipate based on some of your retention comments that maybe thats up a little more?
Jeff Schwaneke: No. I guess what I would say is, I think it will be up. The other thing you have to realize is when youre looking at theres a difference between the statutory and the GAAP HBRs that we talk about. So, thats all I would highlight. But yes, it will be up on a year-over-year basis.
Gary Taylor: Okay, thank you.
Michael Neidorff: As expected  go ahead.
Operator: Go ahead. Sorry.
Michael Neidorff: No. Thats it.
Operator: The next question comes from Justin Lake with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Michael Neidorff: Good morning.
Justin Lake: Thanks. Good morning.
Jeff Schwaneke: Good morning.
Justin Lake: Thanks. Good morning. First, just a question on exchanges, I appreciate the comment on the 2020 membership growth; I wanted to ask about margins. Should we expect margins to normalize lower again in 2020 or do you see the current margin is sustainable into next year?
Michael Neidorff: I think when you look at margins; its going to be a puncture of the business you continue to attract, how long you retain your existing membership? Theres multiple variables there. And whats important to me, and I said this though, we talk about a 5% to 10% range. We see nothing thats going to change that. Its going to move up and down within that range based on retention, on the membership, you attract, a series of things and thats to be expected in any insurance business. Now as it grows and as you keep people longer, youll see some leveling off of it. because theyre being managed or under control, but  in the law of larger numbers, such as price. So, I guess going into as we look at 2020, well give more guidance in December, which is our standard factors versus try and get into too much at this stage and well have one more history at that point to understand what our retention is? What the membership is? I remind you every year, weve retained 80% of the previous years membership. So, all those factors come into play, Justin.
Justin Lake: Sure, that makes sense. Maybe, another way to ask it, if youre saying 5% to 10% is a reasonable range or margins, and obviously, we could pick the midpoint of 7.5%, because this year, if we think about 7.5% is the kind of midpoint of normal? Would this year be below or above that midpoint?
Michael Neidorff: Well, we dont, we dont  Im not going to get into that to that level of detail, because once again, its a very large business and its a growing business, it is  and we started getting that by night. Were losing sight of what this total $75 billion, soon to be a $100 billion company. So, you have to look at it in a totality and we dont look at it and say is it going to be 8%, 8.2%, 8.1%. We look at the totality of all our businesses and we beat from operations by $0.02 and thats kind of the way we look at it, Justin.
Justin Lake: Totally reasonable. Okay. And if I could just ask a quick follow-up on the MLR, you took up the guidance as we  as you mentioned by 10 basis points, just trying to figure out where that is coming from, the consensus was 86.3% this quarter, but I know you dont buy quarterly. So, we could have clearly gotten it wrong. Im just curious how the quarter that MLR looked versus your internal expectations. Was it  it was the 86.7% in line or was it a little bit higher or are you taking off the back half of the year, because of the higher retention rate? And really, the second quarter was fine relatively
Jeff Schwaneke: No, it was  yes, I mean versus our expectations, it was in line. I mean the marketplace business was in line. I mean I thats our view.
Justin Lake: So, 86.7% is pretty much where you had expected it. And the 10 basis point guide up for the year is really just taken up the back half of the year for higher retention. Is that the way we should think about this?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. thats correct.
Justin Lake: Okay.
Jeff Schwaneke: Because remember, I mean Michael explained this at the beginning. Remember, theres deductibles and maximum amount of pockets, right? So the longer  you can do the math there.
Justin Lake: Sure. Maybe you could just tell us what is  like, the member that drops off in the middle of the year that you typically see, whats the MLR on that member versus the MLR of someone else?
Michael Neidorff: Justin, we have 1.9 million members. You want to tell me which one youre thinking about? I mean, seriously, [indiscernible] but I mean, you think about it, 1.9 million members. One could have an MLR of 72%. One could have an MLR of 85%. I mean, its just  theres no way of doing that.
Justin Lake: All right. I leave it there. Thanks guys.
Michael Neidorff: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Ralph Giacobbe with Citi. Please go ahead.
Ralph Giacobbe: Thanks. Good morning. Just wanted to clarify quickly. The incremental benefit from risk adjustment comes through the MLR, right? So it benefit ratio by about 20 basis points this quarter, is that fair?
Jeff Schwaneke: Youre correct. It does come through the MLR as a component of revenue, right? Its a revenue adjustment.
Ralph Giacobbe: Right. Okay. And then second question, maybe just  or back to the exchanges here, but a little bit of a different angle. Can you talk about the provider networks on the exchange at this point, how thats kind of evolved over time of you sort of adding or narrowing offerings? And then, I guess more importantly, can you help us in terms of the annual rate bump to providers? Is that similar to kind of a composite Medicaid rate that you typically see in that low-single digit range? Or is it more like a pure commercial rate bump that maybe more in the CPI plus level? And maybe more importantly how that trended overtime? Can you give us a sense for that as youve obviously entered into new markets? Thanks.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. Thats a lot there. So first, were not going to get into the provider specific rate increases for providers, right? But the other thing as I would say is, we continue to manage our provider network to offer competitive product and be successful and grow the business. And so thats what we continue to focus on, and thats what we continue to do, and make sure that our members have access to the highest quality care.
Michael Neidorff: And I just might add. Ive commented were moving more and more to these risk-based contracts and providers have managed the business. And it goes back to the old fashion managing your patient and do incredibly well with that because it puts in control how theyre practicing medicine. So we think theres real opportunities, where providers will do very well in our business.
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Michael Neidorff for any closing remarks.
Michael Neidorff: Thank you. And I want to  I just wanted to emphasize that as we sit here as a group today, we really feel very good about the business on where it is. Its performing well. Its firing on all 12 cylinders, and on balance, as you can see, theres a growth, theres people operations. Were dealing with all the issues. And so we look forward to continuing to report what we consider to be very successful quarters. Thank you for your time and look forward to seeing you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending todays presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-23 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Centene Corporation First Quarter Earnings Conference call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ed Kroll, Senior Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Ed Kroll: Thank you, Nicole, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on our first quarter 2019 earnings results conference call. Michael Neidorff, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Jeff Schwaneke, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Centene will host this morning's call, which can also be accessed through our website at centene.com. A replay will be available shortly after the call's completion also at centene.com or by dialing (877) 344-7529 in the U.S. and Canada, or in other countries by dialing (412) 317-0088. The playback code for both of those dial-ins is 10129281. Any remarks that Centene may make about future expectations, plans, and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor Provision under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in Centene's most recent Form 10-Q filed today, April 23, 2019 and the Form 10-K dated February 19, 2019, and other public SEC filings. Centene anticipates that subsequent events and developments will cause its estimates to change. While the Company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. The call will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of these measures with the most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our first quarter 2019 press release that we released this morning which is also available on the Company's Website at centene.com under the Investors section. Finally, a reminder that our next Investor Day will be on Friday, June 14, 2019 in New York City. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Michael Neidorff. Michael?
Michael Neidorff: Thank you, Ed. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining Centene's first quarter 2019 earnings call. During the course of this morning's call, we will discuss our first quarter financial results and provide update on Centene's markets and products. We will also provide commentary around our regulatory and legislative environment and our recently announced agreement to acquire WellCare. I want to emphasize, while we have an experienced team working on the WellCare integration, our main focus continues to be the results of the core business. This includes executing on our transformation project Centene Forward. Let me begin with first quarter 2019 financials. We were pleased to begin 2019 with another strong quarter marked by solid top and bottom line growth and robust operating cash flows. Membership at quarter end was 14.7 million recipients. This represents an increase of 1.8 million beneficiaries within the first quarter of 2018. First quarter revenues increased 40% year-over-year to $18.4 billion. The HBR increased 140 [ph] basis points year-over-year to 85.7%. This was primarily due to Fidelis Care which we noted when we announced the acquisition operates at a higher HBR as well as the impact of the health moratorium in 2019. We reported adjusted first quarter diluted earnings per share of $1.39 compared to $1.09 in the same period last year. This represents 28% growth year-over-year. We are pleased to report our adjusted net earnings margin improved 40 basis points year-over-year. This improvement was due to better network management, leveraging our scale and enhanced medical management efforts. We continue to see opportunity for further improvement. Lastly, operating cash flows came in at $1.3 billion or 2.5 times net earnings above the high-end of our previously stated range of 1.5 times to 2 times net earnings. Jeff will provide further financial details including increased 2019 guidance in his prepared remarks. A quick comment on medical cost. Medical cost remained stable and in line with our expectations of low single digits. Moving on to markets and product updates, first we'll discuss recent Medicaid activity. Our Medicaid book of business performed well in the first quarter. On March 31, we had 8.6 million recipients representing a year-over-year growth of 1.5 million or 21%. As we have previously mentioned, we see an opportunity to continue to improve our overall Medicaid margins. Now on to state updates. New Hampshire, in March we successfully reprocured our state-wide Medicaid contracts in New Hampshire. The new program covers 180,000 recipients. The new contract is expected to commence September 1, 2019. At March 31 we served 83,000 beneficiaries in the state. North Carolina, I will remind you that we won two large regions in the recent RFP [ph] to have an active appeal process with the balance of the state. We remain cautiously optimistic regarding the appeal. Iowa, on July 1, 2019 Centene will commence operations in the Iowa's managed Medicaid program. The state is moving from three to two plans and beneficiaries will be split equally between the two. We are confident the state is committed to operate a sustainable Medicaid managed care program. I will remind you, we book a higher HBR in the initial quarters of any and all new Medicaid managed care contracts and Iowa is no different. As our medical management efforts gained traction over time we will attain experience and knowledge with respect to our new members. It is at this point that margins will begin to normalize. We fully expect Iowa to match this pattern and believe we will be able to succeed in this program. Next Medicare, at March 31we served 394,000 Medicare and MMP beneficiaries across 20 states. This represents a year-over-year increase of over 50,000 recipients. On a sequential basis membership declined by approximately 23,000 as previously projected. This is due to the repositioning of Fidelis to get back its four star rating. We continue to expect 2019 MA revenue membership to be flat compared to 2018. We believe as previously discussed 2020 will be an inflection point for our Medicare Advantage book of business. Centene will return to a four star MA apparently in the next year. We expect this along with the joint venture with Ascension and the addition of WellCare's top performing MA platform to accelerate profitable growth as previously suggested in the 2020s and beyond. Now, health insurance marketplaces. The marketplace business cleared up another strong quarterly performance consistent with our expectations. At March 31, we served approximately 2 million exchange members across 20 states. This represents a sequential increase of 510,000 beneficiaries or 35% on a year-over-year basis. Membership increased by 365,000 beneficiaries or 23%. The key demographics of these members remained consistent with prior years. Approximately 90% are enrolled in silver-tier plans and greater than 90% received subsidies. Additionally we see a slightly higher retention rate compared to last year which is reflected in our updated guidance. We expect to have another strong year of operations as the national leader of the exchange process. Next, I'll provide an update on healthcare legislation and regulatory environment. At this time, we believe there is little appetite in Washington to revisit comprehensive healthcare reforms. With the political class turning its attention to the 2020 presidential and congressional elections, we welcome the discussion on ways to improve and expand government health programs. States and federal government continue to see private sector solutions to enhance quality and lower cost of health care. This is evidenced by 68% of Medicaid beneficiaries and 34% of Medicare recipients and private Medicare plans. Centene will continue to work with both parties on a bipartisan solution that strengthens the nation's healthcare delivery system. We are pleased to see bipartisan efforts put forth on reducing prescription drug costs. Centene will continue to advocate for greater price transparency. This includes moving towards net pricing. We have stressed these things in our recent response to the draft rule on PBM rebates. We have been ahead of the curve with our equity interests in RxAdvance. This is a national full service cloud-based PBM that manages standard and specialty drugs benefits with unmatched compliance and transparency. Thus far Centene has successfully migrated two states into the RxAdvance platform, Mississippi and Nebraska. The implementation went seamlessly. We expect the rollout of Centene's Medicaid and exchange states to be accretive by the end of 2020. We commend the administration's efforts on giving states greater flexibility to be [indiscernible]. This was most recently exemplified with CMS approval of Utah's waver to a partial Medicaid expansion. Centene believes in allowing states to expand their Medicaid population up to 100% of federal quality level. This would enable every American below 100% of the federal quality level to obtain coverage to Medicaid. Americans above 100% of the [indiscernible] would continue to be able to purchase affordable comprehensive coverage to the marketplace with the help of advanced tax credits. We look forward to working with the states that are on the front line in making sure all their citizens have access to affordable high-quality health care. I'd like to remind you, with over three decades of experience, Centene and its predecessor companies have demonstrated their ability to adapt and adjust to political and regulatory changes at any given time. I would now like to make a few comments about our recently announced agreement to acquire WellCare. This combination is expected to bring together two top-performing companies creating a premier healthcare enterprise focused primarily on government sponsored programs. The addition of WellCare will bolster and diversify our product offerings, significantly increase our scale and provide access to new markets. WellCare has developed a strong portfolio of Medicare assets which is expected to provide Centene additional Medicare capabilities including both Medicare Advantage and Part D. WellCare's Part D offering will significantly enhance and increase our scale and progress. On a combined basis our pro forma annual growth spend will be approximately $30 billion and growing. We also believe the addition of WellCare's Medicare expertise creates significant opportunities across Centene's existing markets. I think it will strengthen and accelerate the growth of our existing NAH [ph] portfolio. WellCare's approach to Medicare Advantage is complimentary to Centene's strategy. Both companies focus on providing high quality low cost healthcare to low income seniors. It is important to note that substantial opportunity this of course presents for the combined company. More than 10,000 people a day in the U.S. turn 65 and 55% of seniors are at or below 400% of the federal [indiscernible] our target market. The combination will also further extend Centene's robust Medicaid offerings. Additionally, it will benefit from Centene's growing exchange presence as we will be able to leverage our exchange price across in new markets. Expanding WellCare we will expand our footprint from 32 to 50 states. The combined company will provide healthcare services to 22 million recipients in the U.S. This consists of over 12 million Medicaid and 5 million Medicare beneficiaries including Part D clients. We will also be servicing individuals on the exchanges and those enrolled in the TRICARE program. The addition of WellCare will expand our position as the largest Medicaid managed care organization in the country. We will remain the largest provider of exchange offerings and we will become the fourth largest Medicaid company. We're already working on integration planning and believe our similar values including both company's local approach and integrated care models with help ensure we achieve a seamless transition. We expect to hit the ground running when we close. Our integration priorities include delivering values for members, capturing synergies and retaining and attracting the best talent. We have experienced integration leaders in both companies and are confident in the accretion and synergy targets that we outlined when we announced the transaction. We believe Centene's leading technology platform will be essential to our success as a combined company which will provide competitive advantage. It will provide our platform including our data analytical tools such as [indiscernible] to further enhance the quality of care with the combined company logistics. We will continue to invest in cutting-edge technology, systems and capabilities. This will significantly enhance our ability to scale, coordinate competitive managed care while leading to lower costs. Further with the integration of Centene's specialty platform across WellCare's membership base should also enhance quality and processing practice. We recognize the importance of network advocacy. We want to ensure access to high high-quality cost-effective providers. We also want to ensure that these providers are appropriately and adequately compensated. We have initiated appropriate preliminarily regulatory discussions at the federal level with the appropriate adjustments. We will describe these discussions as constructive and have laid out a timetable for submission. At the state level five [indiscernible] have been found and others are in the process of being found. Some preliminary discussions with the appropriate regulatory authorities in our largest states have taken place. It is our opinion these processes will protect recipients, providers, and states. As I have commented previously, there may be some form of divestitures in Nebraska and Missouri. Based on our access thus far, we continue to maintain our internal timelines for the approval of [indiscernible]. The combined company will have estimated pro forma 2019 revenues of approximately $100 billion and pro forma EBITDA of $5 billion. The pro forma revenue mix consists of 65% for Medicaid, 15% for Medicare and 15% that we stated. We are confident the combination will provide significant value to our collective shareholders, members, state partners and other stakeholders. We look forward to providing updates as we move to the transactions process. A quick note on Fidelis, we continue to be very pleased with the performance of Fidelis approximately 10 months since the close of this transaction and integration is running smoothly. We remain on track to realize our synergies and accretion targets. Shifting gears to our rate outlook, we continue to expect a composite Medicaid rate adjustment of an increase of approximately 1.5% with is one in IT. In February [ph] CMS recently issued 2020 plan of Medicare Advantage rate notice and restatement better than expected. In summary, our strong first quarter results set the stage for us to maintain positive momentum throughout 2019 and beyond. Our pipeline of opportunities across all lines of business remains robust. We believe the additional scale and diversification that the WellCare acquisition provides will enhance the sustainability of Centene's long-term growth. We are optimistic about our future and ability to extend Centene's leadership position in governments who want to partner [ph]. As Ed reminded you, our Investor Day is June 14, in New York City. We look forward to seeing you there. We thank you for your continued interest in Centene and we'll now turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Schwaneke: Thank you, Michael, and good morning. This morning we reported strong first quarter 2019 results. First quarter revenues were $18.4 billion, an increase of 40% over the first quarter of 2018 and adjusted diluted earnings per share was $1.39 this quarter compared to $1.9 last year. Before I get into the details, I want to remind everyone that the companys stock split was distributed on February 6, 2019 to stockholders of record as of December 24, 2018. Now let me provide additional details for the first quarter. Total revenues grew by approximately $5.3 billion year-over-year, primarily as a result of the acquisition of Fidelis Care, growth in the health insurance marketplace business, expansions and new programs in many of our states in 2018 and 2019 including the Illinois contract expansion, another region going live for the Pennsylvania LTSS program, and the beginning of operations in New Mexico and approximately $500 million of pass-through payments from the State of California and approximately $435 million of pass-through payments from the state of New York. This growth was partially offset by the health insurer fee moratorium in 2019. Moving on to HBR, health benefits ratio was 85.7% in the first quarter this year compared to 84.3% in last years first quarter and 86.8% in the fourth quarter of 2018. The increase was primarily due to the acquisition of Fidelis Care which operates at a higher HBR and the impact of the health insurer fee moratorium in 2019. These items contributed to 130 basis points in the increase from last year. Sequentially the 110 basis point decrease in HBR from the fourth quarter of 2018 is primarily due to the performance and seasonality in the health insurance marketplace business, partially offset by the impact of the health insurer fee moratorium in 2019. The marketplace business continues to perform well and membership remains strong as we ended the quarter with approximately 2 million members. We continue to expect pretax margins for the year to be within our stated 5% to 10% range. Now on to SG&A, our adjusted selling, general and administrative expense ratio was 9.5% in the first quarter this year compared to 10.3% last year and 9.9% in the fourth quarter of 2018. The year-over-year decrease was primarily driven by the acquisition of Fidelis Care which lowered the ratio by 70 basis points. The sequential decrease is primarily due to seasonal open enrollment costs associated with the health insurance marketplace and Medicare businesses that were recognized in the fourth quarter of 2018. Additionally, we spent $0.02 per diluted share on business expansion costs during the first quarter. Investment income was $99 million during the first quarter compared to $41 million last year and $67 million last quarter. The increase year-over-year is due to higher investment balances mainly associated with the Fidelis acquisition, higher interest rates on short-term investments and improved performance associated with our deferred compensation investment portfolio which fluctuates with this underlying investments. The earnings from our deferred compensation portfolio were substantially offset by increases in deferred compensation expense which is recorded in SG&A. Sequentially, investment income increased due to the previously mentioned improved earnings from our deferred compensation portfolio as well as higher average investment balances and higher interest rates on short-term investments. Interest expense was $99 million for the first quarter of 2019 compared to $68 million last year and $98 million last quarter, the increase year-over-year was driven by additional debt to fund the Fidelis acquisition and higher interest rates on our debt associated with our interest rate swaps. Our effective tax rate for the first quarter was 24.2% compared to 34.1% in the first quarter of 2018. The lower tax rate was driven by the health insurer fee moratorium in 2019 and lower tax expense associated with a favorable outcome of a federal tax audit with respect to R&D tax credits. This favorable outcome accounted for 150 basis points of the reduction in the first quarter 2019 tax rates. Now on to the balance sheet. Cash and investments totaled $14.8 billion at quarter end, including $507 million held by unregulated subsidiaries. Our risk-based capital percentage for NAIC filers continues to be in excess of 350% of the authorized control level [ph]. Debt at quarter end was $6.8 billion which includes $357 million of borrowings on our revolving credit facility at quarter end. Our debt-to-capital ratio was 36.5% excluding our nonrecourse debt compared to 40.3% last year and 37.4% at the fourth quarter of 2018. Our medical claims liability totaled $7.4 billion at quarter end and represents 48 days in claims payable which is consistent with the fourth quarter of 2018. We continue to expect the DCP to be in the mid-40 range on a run rate basis with the inclusion of Fidelis. Cash flow provided by operations was $1.3 billion in the first quarter or 2.5 times net earnings. The cash provided by operating activities in 2019 was due to net earnings, an increase in medical claims liabilities primarily resulting from growth in the health insurance marketplace business and the commencement or expansion of the Arkansas, Florida, Pennsylvania and New Mexico health plans and an increase in other long-term liabilities driven by the recognition of the risk adjustment payable for the health insurance marketplace business in 2019. Cash flow from operations were partially offset by an increase in premium and trade receivables of $662 million primarily due to a delay in payment from one of our state customers which was received in early April. Before I discuss our revised guidance, let me make a few comments on the WellCare acquisition. As Michael commented, we are working through the regulatory approval process and have begun integration planning activities. While it is still early in the integration planning and regulatory approval process, we continue to be comfortable with the synergy and accretion targets we communicated at transaction announcement. As we progress through this process we look forward to keeping you updated. Now on to guidance. We updated our 2019 annual guidance for the following items; first, we are increasing the total revenue guidance at the midpoint by $2.5 billion primarily driven by $1 billion of additional pass-through payments in New York and California, $700 million associated with the health insurance marketplace driven business, driven by a combination of higher-than-expected member retention and risk adjustment, and $500 million due to the proposed changes in the Iowa contract award. Second, we are decreasing our full year effective tax rate by 50 basis points to reflect the lower tax expense recognized in the first quarter associated with the favorable audit results, lastly, we are increasing our adjusted diluted earnings per share guidance at the midpoint by $0.13 per share. This is the second increase so far this year and is driven by the first quarter results, $0.05 per diluted share for a higher expected investment income and $0.05 per diluted share associated with increased health insurance marketplace revenue I previously mentioned. These increases are partially offset by increased business expansion costs of $0.02 per diluted share. In summary, our full-year updated 2019 guidance is as follows; total revenues of $72.8 billion to $73.6 billion, GAAP diluted earnings per share of $3.67 to $3.84, adjusted diluted earnings per share of $4.24 to $4.44 an HBR of 86.5% to 87% and SG&A ratio of 9.4% to 9.9% an adjusted SG&A ratio of 9.3% to 9.8%, an effective tax rate of 24.5% to 26.5% and diluted shares outstanding of 421 million to 422 million shares. Overall, we had a good start to the year with good performance across all of our business segments. We believe the continued growth in revenue provides opportunity for future earnings growth. That concludes my remarks and operator you may now open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Josh Raskin of Nephron Research. Please go ahead.
Josh Raskin: Hi, good morning. Thanks.
Michael Neidorff: Good morning.
Josh Raskin: Goof morning Michael. So my question just it sounded like a little bit more excitement around the Medicare opportunity for next year, talking about the inflection point, and so I was wondering if you could help sort of flesh out what gives you that confidence, how you guys are thinking about your bids with a month and a half to go on that? And then was there any thought as to waiting for the WellCare acquisition to close and giving yourself a little bit more time and information and management expertise and Part D plans et cetera, or is it sort of now weve got the four stars for Centene and thats all we need? And then just one quick one on the WellCare progress, I understood the integration started et cetera, anymore updated thoughts on combined management team? I think thatd be helpful as well.
Michael Neidorff: Josh, Ill start off on the Medicare and then others can jump in a little bit. On the Medicare weve said that the 2020 will be the year where we come together, weve been testing things. Our re-contracting with providers on this space contracts and the things that create successful Medicare products, so we will continue to move ahead on our own recognizing that until we close we cant work with WellCare, once we do close they have a strong platform, we have added some new talent here and into the integration process well be putting those two talents together and I think 2020 will be a very strong year for Medicare on that basis. On the organization Im not going to comment. I think before I say too much on a call like this, first the Centene people and as well as, and the WellCare people need to know what the new organization will look like. And were not going to get into that until we get closer to the, knowing its closing, simply we have, as I said earlier everybody is focused on their respective businesses and that they will move through that, I'm absolutely not going to say anything about it. Thats a better place to be.
Josh Raskin: Okay.
Michael Neidorff: But, see, I will add this much, just that we are working with some of the senior management at WellCare and have some very important responsible positions at, they'll be able to move into this new $100 billion company.
Josh Raskin: Thats helpful Michael. And just one quick followup on the Medicare comment 2020, you've talked about Medicare contributing as much as 20% of growth in future years, is 2020 that year where we start thinking about as much as 20% of the growth coming from Medicare?
Michael Neidorff: You know, I think I said in the course of a decade, so Ive been, well sorry for it Josh, and then youll see it continue to ramp up. It's not going to be access rates.
Josh Raskin: Thanks.
Michael Neidorff: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Fischbeck of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Kevin Fischbeck: Great, thanks. I wanted to ask a question on the WellCare deal. It sounds like you have already started the process with the states and again you going to find a couple of states where you expect there to be divestitures. Is it safe to say that based upon the conversations with the other states where you have above average pro forma market share, you still feel confident that divestitures will not be required? And then, I guess how do you think about the sustainability of a state where you have pro forma 50% market share? How did you factor in the potential risk that in two years during the reprocurement the state might add a new player in to replace the fact that you've consolidated WellCare?
Michael Neidorff: I will tell you this, Kevin I think you know we, we tried to plan ahead and weve thought through those kinds of issues and looking at this with different [ph] transaction, Im not going to front run the states with a lot of discussion as to what our discussions with them. They are very constructive and I would go this far and say that before we shared focus I'm worried about the recipients and whats best for them. Then we look at the provider networks ensuring that their well taken care of in terms of provided for in this situation and protected and then to say discuss this. So were focused on all three of those things. As far as divestitures are concerned, those are subject to discussion and even in Missouri and Nebraska we're in discussions as to what if anything they want us to do. Ive mentioned that the days we have talked about it in the past as where there are three and two of the three are WellCare and Centene. So were working through and see what they want to do there and go from there.
Kevin Fischbeck: I guess in the past you talked about the accretion the 30 numbers [ph] assuming approved in amount of divestitures, did it take into account potential issues a couple years down the road when you get to that two-year clich number does that also factor in any kind of loss of membership if states were going into divestiture [ph]?
Michael Neidorff: Oh yes, yes sure. It factors in a conservative position on that, so were, absolutely.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay, then if I could ask one more question, you mentioned that Medicaid margins have room for improvement, where, how do we think about where we are in that process, is this a multiyear process, where are we versus your target margins and how long it takes to get there? Thanks.
Michael Neidorff: Well, well never perceive from a manager's standpoint scale the Jeff and all us here, Chris, we'll never take the pressure off improving margins, because the moment you stop trying to improve they are going bounce off. So it's an ongoing process and, but we want to do it in a way that is sustainable, its like we dont want a short-term, big, huge improvement and then have something come up, so were working on this. The network, the contracts with various providers and keep it balanced with them because we view then as a part of our product, we dont want to, you never want to hurt your products, you want to maintain it. So its a total process were going through and were moving more and more to risk-based management where the providers can do very well when they work with us and manage it. So its a longer-term thing, but I think what's important is that we see it on a sustained basis. I hope that helps.
Kevin Fischbeck: Yes, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sarah James of Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Sarah James: Thank you. I wanted to drill down on the services line. It looked like costs of services increased about 250 basis points year-over-year and were estimating that was about $0.04 headwind which implies the underlying health plan results were strong. So on the services line I knew there were some moving pieces with the VA contract and the NHS [ph] acquisition, can you help us bridge 1Q 2019 to historical levels and how we should think about revenue and gross margin on that product going forward?
Michael Neidorff: I'm going to point that one to Jeff.
Jeff Schwaneke: Thanks Michael. Obviously, I think a couple of things first, I think you hit the nail on the head there Sarah, I think a few things is, it is a different mix of business than we had in the first quarter of last year. So I guess what I would say is I would bridge from the fourth quarter to the first quarter. I think thats more appropriate given the fact that we had the VA business thats no longer a part of that line and then you also have a couple of acquisitions that weve made that are changing the mix profile of that business. And so, I guess what I would say is, I would look at the fourth quarter of last year bridging to Q1 and I think thats pretty consistent and I think thats what you would expect to see for the remainder of the year. There is some lumpiness in those because there are certain - like for example the home health business has some contract reconciliations that are normal and occur every year either in the third or fourth quarter, so it doesnt mean every quarter is going to have a consistent cost of service percentage, but for the full year we would expect it to look similar to the fourth quarter maybe a little bit lower.
Sarah James: Got it and one clarification here on guidance, last quarter you guys talked about 60% one half 40% second half and last year you talked about a 10% or so historical average for the risk-adjusted through up which, based on todays Q would be about $93 million benefit to Q2 2019. So I just want to make sure on those two aspects thats still what guidance has been there is a 60-40 seasonality split and about a 10% [ph] risk adjusted through up benefit in 2Q?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, the 60-40 is consistent with what we said. The through-up piece, you just have to make sure that when you do the through-up its really based on last years, its on 2018 business right? You cant roll in the first quarter of 2019s risk adjustment in order to calculate the 10%. So, its a state-by-state calculation thats really based on the business activity in the 2018 year.
Sarah James: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Costa of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Peter Costa: Good morning. Nice quarter guys.
Michael Neidorff: Good morning, thanks.
Jeff Schwaneke: Good morning.
Peter Costa: Can you tell us a little about what you're thinking about what the PBM at this point? Youve had a couple of states now convert to RxAdvance, youre starting to see how thats performing. Is that performing up to your expectations at this point or do you think you can do better by looking at what WellCare is doing, given that WellCare has the buying power of much bigger CVS [ph] behind it than what RxAdvance has which maybe doesnt matter in the Medicaid space but certainly matters in the Medicare space?
Michael Neidorff: I think one, the first part, the RxAdvance has been flawless in the implementation. I expect that as we continue to enroll more states well continue to find ways to improve and always do better. Two, I think you are going to find that RxAdvance will provide some really useful tools to the WellCare and what theyre doing with the purchasing they are doing. And this is really a very modern day PBM type sale with a lot of transparency, a lot of great information that I think its going to serve everybody well. So, the combined and the combination of the two will help and Jeff do you want to add something? Jeff do you want to add something ?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, thanks Michael. So I think just to your point Peter I think this is, we're looking at the combined business. Yes, we do recognize the importance of pharmacy cost management on the MA and PDP businesses and we think as Michael referenced the combination will certainly have the ability to leverage the capabilities from the WellCare team and their experience.
Peter Costa: So are you talking about some kind of a combination of RxAdvance and what WellCare us doing currently with CVS?
Michael Neidorff: Well we're working through the integration now and we'll determine what part each one should play in it. And so you're probably about two months ahead of us. But it's a good question Peter.
Peter Costa: All right, and this is the last question. The third quarter of last year you had some reconciliation benefit from the California in-home services and sports program ending and you talked about perhaps getting some more of that reconciliation completed in 2019, was there any of that in this quarter and do you expect any for the remainder of the year?
Jeff Schwaneke: There was not any of that in this quarter and as you are well aware typically what happens you know you are waiting for the final reconciliation and the state notifies you, so we dont have any of that included in our guidance and more to come, I guess we're waiting to see what the results are.
Peter Costa: And you do expect that to be positive when it happens?
Jeff Schwaneke: I mean we've made our best estimate, so it could go either way, but weve had a history of making relatively conservative estimates, so that I guess I'll leave it at that.
Peter Costa: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Fidel of Stephens. Please go ahead.
Scott Fidel: Thanks, good morning. First question, just interested in your assessment on the final 2020 exchange reg that came out late Thursday? Then just specifically also whether you think the subsidy tweak that CMS made will have any impact on exchange market fundamentals or it is just you dont see it as being particularly material?
Michael Neidorff: Kevin, do you want to comment on that?
Kevin Counihan: Sure. Hi Scott. You know, I think in general we're pretty much supportive of the new final rule. We think the lower user fee is definitely appropriate. We support the fact that theres no change in either the silver loading or the automatic reenrollment. We also are supportive of the exclusion of the of the manufacturer coupons for patient cost sharing which we think is going to actually incent members to take more attractive generics. And we think some of that offset, some of that headwind that you are talking about could be offset both by the lower user fee as well as the fact that manufacturer rebate or manufacturer coupon changes I talked about is also going to create more incentives for people to take generics. So we think some of that projected $980 million less APTC which I think is what youre referring to will be offset by those two items.
Scott Fidel: Got it. So net-net when you look at all the different variables, would you attribute the final exchange rule as more of a sort of neutral to slightly positive overall?
Kevin Counihan: That's our view.
Scott Fidel: Okay and then just I had a follow question, just actually wanted to tack on to Sarah's question just about some of the moving pieces in the specialty segment, I actually noticed in the Q you guys mentioned how in the 2Q we'll probably see more of a noticeable shift from earnings from specialty over to managed care as you continue to implement the new RX pricing model. Jeff interested if you could may be just walk us through sort of functionally how that plays out within the two P&Ls, is it basically you have a lower gross margin in the specialty segmented and it benefits the MLR in the managed care segment or just interested in the exact mechanics of how that works out? Thanks.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, you know, you are exactly right, that's what we preview included that language in our 10-K, youre exactly right there would be a lower gross margin in the segment results for the specialty that would in turn directly benefit the health plan results. And just to make sure I clarify for everybody thats only in the segment disclosure and thats a intercompany item. So that gets eliminated in the consolidation. So for - you know we're not talking about the cost of service line for example, its reported on the GAAP financials.
Scott Fidel: Okay, all right, thanks.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yep.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dave Windley of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Dave Windley: Hi thanks, good morning. I want to ask a followup and pharmacy, Michael I believe I caught you saying in your prepared remarks that Centene would be supportive of a move to net pricing and if I'm interpreting that right elimination of rebates and a reduction in manufacturer price to net, if I'm interpreting that correctly, I'm curious what mechanism you would see as the governor to pharmaceutical price increases after that happens?
Michael Neidorff: Well, I think one, I said some time ago that that's something I believe we work fully hard to try to move to. And if we are successful in it the governor on price increases would obviously be the competitive world and we will be a - we will have the critical mass in drug purchasing that all the pharmacists who will cover us will have to take it seriously, because we said that 30 billion we see as a growing number. And as that continues to grow it is RxAdvance information becomes ever more credible. I think we'll have the data we need to encourage competitive pricing.
Dave Windley: Got it, thanks. If I come back to medical costs free-sheet the reconciling items that you provided, I'm curious if there's any difference year-over-year in the contribution or lack thereof from flu and with a relatively I guess in line expectation after those adjustments, if there were other moving parts, if flu was better this year, for example, were there other moving parts as an offset?
Michael Neidorff: I'll let Jeff answer that. I'll cover the flu initially, but I want to remind you the flu we had a flu season it looked like two years ago, not last year, but when you have the scale and size over $70 billion enterprise this year before Health Net that the medical costs associated to flu is really not a major factor as part of the total medical cost. So that's something that we plan fully booked for variation will not have a material effect. Jeff?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, thanks, Michael. Dave, I think, Michael is spot on. We're obviously calling out the large drivers, the largest drivers obviously which being Fidelis in the health insurer fee moratorium are the two largest pieces. I would say, we did see a lighter flu than we did in the first quarter a year ago, but we also had, I'd say, a lot of new businesses starting up, including the Pennsylvania LTSS. New Mexico, and as Michael mentioned, we record a higher level of HBR in those because you're also building margin at the inception. And then we had new members in both Illinois and Florida. And so I think those were smaller drivers on an absolute basis, but you add all that together and they're kind of offsetting.
Dave Windley: Great, very helpful, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Borsch of BMO Capital. Please go ahead.
Matt Borsch: Yes. Maybe you could talk about the Iowa situation, and how you expect that to unfold and what gives you confidence that unlike the peer companies had exited the market you cannot, you can reach a mutually workable rate arrangement?
Michael Neidorff: Well, I think, one, we've had discussions over a long period of time, at the most senior levels at this stage in the regulatory environment. And we have a comfort in their commitment to have a very successful managed care program. It's fairly obvious, you know, historically, we've been offered contracts and have turned them down rather than end up entering a new contract and filing a PDR [ph] before you even have your first member, that's something we try to avoid. So we  but this time we looked at it, our actuaries looked at it. The state just - the legislation just floated additional $150 million available to help sustain the program and improve it. So everything we looked at said that this will be a successful program. And also some peers have exited. It was a different time. If I had entered when they did I might have a different feeling than I do coming in now with the new administration in place the past year or so and very aggressively looking at how they can have a successful program.
Matt Borsch: Michael, I would follow that with one question partly related which is, do you have a view on the optimal number of participants in a given state? I know the question isnt quite as simple as that, because you've got small states and large states but?
Michael Neidorff: Right.
Matt Borsch: You know are two plans sufficient for some states like the size of Iowa?
Michael Neidorff: Yes, we are, let me put it this way. Regardless of the size, I think the optimum is it was just us.
Matt Borsch: Okay. Got it.
Michael Neidorff: Have it both way, we would be on that, you kind of hit it on. I think in Iowa, the size and scale two is appropriate. If it was three then you can deal with that. We saw Georgia go from three to four. So in aggregate, did not have much of an impact and that's fine, because you have choice, and when you have the, it always starts out with choice and we have the network we have and the reputation we have in most of these states, we can do well with this choice. So, we deal with it as it is. In Florida there are some counties, I think there they have as many as six plans in it and that's okay. But either way, the algorithms work on auto-assigns and have a member of the families in and other members get a size of that plan they, it's the states that have been doing for a while, understand and get it right. And obviously when you look at the growth we've had, and how we're doing, we're very comfortable with the way it is. And so you really hit on it, it is really a function of the size the state is as to how many.
Matt Borsch: Okay, all right, thank you very much.
Michael Neidorff: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Charles Rhyee of Cowen. Please go ahead.
Charles Rhyee: Yes, thanks for taking the question. I'd like to go back to pharmacy, a little bit, and you talked to and this idea of going to - of supporting credit price transparency. When it comes to pharmacy, my understanding, generally speaking right, states have tended to like the current rebate model in part because rebates don't necessarily have to be from a back to healthcare and can be used for general sort of budget purposes. As you see the market moving maybe towards greater transparency and maybe even towards the net pricing model, how do you see states moving towards this as well, and how do you see them sort of operating within this kind of this new world, I guess, as we think about the way pricing starts to evolve and sort of how do you think this would impact your pharmacy business, particularly if you try to rollout RxAdvance? Thanks.
Michael Neidorff: I think that's where they are right now. I mean they are pushing more and more for transparency and where it is for pass-throughs or the pricing and how to do it. So they really have moved away from just the pure rebate type model and we're hearing more and more of the federal level of rebates at point-of-sale and that type of thing. So that's a whole, it is all in transition, it's in flux right now and I think the things we can do and we can move to a net price type thing. And everybody can do much better with the transparency, the competitive bidding et cetera. So, as you know our plan with discounts and rebates and volumes and things, is here's the drug cost and it's particularly important in specialty pharma. So this is something that can apply to both. So I think the states are really adapting to it and have been in their own way moving more towards it on an ongoing basis.
Charles Rhyee: And then maybe following up on Dave's question, in terms of sort of a governor for price increase in the future, you talked about price competition from transparency, but what about - in many cases, right a lot of these particularly in specialty, a lot of these drugs are the only drug in their class, so there's really no competition. How do you look to manage costs in those particular drugs where there is little to no competition?
Michael Neidorff: Well, you know, you manage through effect by managing the utilization effectively. I mean, if you have only one drug, it is a curative drug. So you negotiate the best as you can, but rebates arent going to help you there, one way or the other. I mean it's, I think as we raised it earlier, it is going to be the same, this is what you do is you manage the utilization and ensure the people are getting especially pharma drug, whether you use genome or other things, it's going to be supportive and helpful for them. And you know if it's curative, you're going to get it for them and that's what's important. When the hep C drugs first came out they were expensive and it didn't take long before a second one showed up. So it's not  usually not very long. I used to be in pharma side Bristol-Myers and eventually for a little time Bayer and we learned very quickly, if you take your margins up too high, you're just leaving room for somebody to come in under you. And so, you are going to get competition very quickly if the pricing gets too abusive. Does that help?
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Tanal of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Stephen Tanal: Good morning, guys, thanks for taking the question.
Michael Neidorff: Good morning.
Stephen Tanal: I guess the, I wanted to follow up on just sort of the HBR, the new programs and then talk about DCPs for a second. So I guess, come out this is flattish HBR ex-Fidelis in the half. It looks like a pretty solid outcome when you've expanded or entered into new programs in four new states. I guess I'd first ask how those programs are shaping up in their early days, but it seems like that the numbers would suggest quite good and so maybe the real question is around just comment on DCPs returning to the mid 40s, from 47.9 at the end of the first quarter to 2.9 days, 3 days to get to 45, let's say, it's sort of like $450 million of excess reserves using Q1 claims per day. So does that math sound right? Is it fair to think about that as an excess or are there seasonal fluctuations around marketplace or otherwise we should be thinking of and just finally, is there anything you'd tell us about sort of the path and time line to returning to mid 40s, if that's the right level? Thank you, guys.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, certainly, Steve, a lot in that question. But I'll start with the DCP in the first. I mean what we're saying is, that's our long-term range. That doesn't mean by the end of this year. There's a couple of things with the Fidelis on the cash timing that we're still working through that could reduce that sometime this year. So think of it is more like a day, maybe two by the end of this year. And ultimately when you look at DCP, a lot of that has to do with timing of payments. Right? It's really a timing of payment measure, not necessarily how your reserves are. We look at reserves differently as a percentage of medical expense, which we've been very consistent over the - since over the last five, ten years, and had a very consistent reserving methodology. So I guess, what I would say is, it's more timing related than anything. The other thing is, we have obviously some risk-based contracts with some providers. Those accruals are in the IBNR balance, some of those accruals in the IBNR in our balance. So when those get paid, IBNR goes down. So those are the things that we're dealing with and why we call out timing of payments from a quarter-to-quarter perspective.
Stephen Tanal: Perfect, very helpful. And just any comments on those - on the new state programs, Florida, Illinois and [indiscernible]?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, sure. On the HBR side, I guess what I would say is, it's in line with our expectations. You have to remember the Pennsylvania is an LTSS award. So it's going to be in the 90%-plus range from an HBR. So it's really a mix of business that obviously impact on the total HBR of the company. But in general, those programs are and the expansions are running exactly in line with our expectations. As Michael mentioned before, a lot of times there's continuity of care periods and then obviously you have to build margin on that additional new business and that impacts the HBR early in the program, but nothing outside of our expectations.
Michael Neidorff: I think - if I may just add that, in the new plan, you don't have, - we used the date received methodology for calculating, and its proved to be a very accurate way to do this claims, but you need the history of quarters - two, three quarters to be able to do the accurate accounting of it. I think we'll never say never, but we are proud of the fact you don't see a lot of prior period adjustments and so, it works. So rather than, take the chance, we typically will book it at 90% for the first three quarters or so. So just not knowing if it's where it is and that has typically served us well. So that's the approach we take to it.
Stephen Tanal: Perfect, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ana Gupte of SVB Leerink. Please go ahead.
Ana Gupte: Yes, thanks good morning. I appreciate you taking the question. On the deal again, as you're having conversations with the DOJ, which I'm assuming will be the arbiter here in the States. As you have like a broad platform now across Medicaid exchanges and Medicare, do they view that in a favorable context and what types of what type of feedback are you getting from the DOJ and states, if any? And how does that dovetail with kind of this integrated, no it is not integrated, but states looking for players to be in Medicaid to participate in the Special Needs Plans and so on and on in places like Florida?
Michael Neidorff: I think the states recognize a leader, they recognize the systems and the capability we have to really improve outcomes and control costs and a very fair balance basis, so that goes a long way. Now there has not been this kind of Medicaid acquisition going back, I think they said it was, I guess Amerigroup was the last one that occurred. And so, that is alluded they are reestablishing the grounds. But when you look at this as a different form of competition, you have states setting rates, you have things of that nature. So it's working through and talking about all these elements, and I don't want to get ahead of them, but we're finding that their questions are really the kind anyone should expect in this kind of transaction. And it's constructive, and as I said, it's really focused in three areas, one payer to first what's best for the recipient. As we deal with a fragile population we emphasize that, and it's important to think about them to the provider network. This is not just gaining critical mass against them, but how do you get the kind of size and scale that allows you to do the risk based contracting so many of them want and we show the data and what we can do and how we do that. And thirdly, the state, how we're able to contain costs, and how the benefit of large numbers, everybody wins. So it's - and it's been an enlightening process and I think I'll add one other thing and we've done other deals with, I'm finding that we have a lot of very smart regulators at the state level, and they're asking the right questions, they understand it and they're able to think through it. I find that positive and I think we'll find that the Justice Department is and the federal level there are equally trying to get this right, and now and so, I'm very encouraged just by the question that doesnt guarantee the absolute maximum outcome we have, I'm not trying to further than that, but I feel good about where it is at this point in time.
Ana Gupte: Thanks for the update. And then one more on the Texas and the Louisiana re-procurements any updates there?
Michael Neidorff: Well the Louisiana, well that just went in
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, Louisiana, I think is due to be submitted in next week and no update on the Texas timeline other than what we've previously discussed, I think May or June timeframe.
Ana Gupte: Got it. Thanks so much, I appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from A. J. Rice of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
A. J. Rice: Hi. Yes, hi everybody. First one is on the public exchange comments, you highlight member retention being better and favorable, risk adjustment, I wonder if you could flush those out a little more, what you are talking about there? And I think last call when the - or maybe was on the Investor Day when you gave guidance about the exchange this year, you said you'd be in the 5% to 10% range as the last year but down slightly and margin within that range, is that still your thinking or have you changed in the way you think about what the margin looks like this year versus last year?
Michael Neidorff: Yes, Jeff?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, thanks AJ, it's Jeff. Yes, no, nothing different than what we said in our, in our previous guidance with respect to exchange. Yes, we do expect it to be a little bit down from 2018 more similar to '17, '16, '15; the margin that we had there. As far as the retention, I think we have a normal retention rate that we've assumed based on our historical experience, meaning how long a member stays with us and pays premiums. Obviously, you can go back and look at the historical retention rate from beginning to end, and we've been obviously tracking that and what we're seeing is that members are actually staying and paying in premiums longer, which is, which is obviously a good thing and that's driving, I guess the additional revenue that we added to the guidance today. And the other piece is risk adjustment and on the risk adjustments side we have certain geographical areas where we've got a lot of scale. We've grown the business very successfully. And as you continue to grow, and capture a larger percentage of that market, you do see a little bit of a return to the mean on the risk scores, nothing significant, but obviously, that was the other piece of the guidance increase on the revenue line.
A. J. Rice: Okay. And then, and just taking a quick glance at your 10-Q, I mean hopefully I have this right, it looks like you're up about $230 million in prior year development, this year's first quarter versus last. Now I know that' s a gross number. Is that a function of the Fidelis and the exchange, new exchange volume or is it - what's driving that and any comment about that?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, that's pretty much all related to Fidelis. We put a note actually in the table of our press release, kind of highlighting that the press release has a 12-month roll forward, which does not include the Fidelis business, because that transaction happened July 1st of last year. So, the development is not included in that 12-month roll forward, but in the 10-Q that is a 3-month roll forward from December's number, which obviously does include Fidelis. And so that's the difference there.
A. J. Rice: Okay. all right, thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Lake of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Justin Lake: Hi. Thanks, good morning, couple of follow-ups here. One on the PBM side, when you've looked at, now that you've had some conversations I assume some greater conversations with WellCare Group on their ability to drive cost savings it may pop a lot about how much they've been able to save with CVS and use their scale, is there any comparison, you've been able to kind of make versus your kind of cost of goods on the PBM side of Centene? And is it comparable, dose WellCare look greater, or are you guys great or any kind of color you can give us there?
Michael Neidorff: Yes, Justin. So I think just, obviously there was a limited amount that we can comment on with respect to relative pricing on those things and that's obviously we went through an appropriate process on that in the diligence phase. And I think as we said, as part of the announcement of the deal that there are kind of net synergies anticipated on the pharmacy front. So I don't think it would be appropriate to go into too much more detail than that at this point.
Justin Lake: Okay, and then just following up on the risk adjustment side. Can you give us an idea of how big you expect that risk adjustment payable to be at this point given the kind of shift in the risk pool, you're talking about here? And, any impact or kind of update you can give us on margins that you're seeing kind of you as you get a full look at the book?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, a couple of things Justin. I would say risk adjustment, obviously we continually update that estimate every single quarter and so that changes. but I would say over $800 million is what we're anticipating on a risk adjustment payable for the year. On the margin side, it was right in line with our expectations and obviously we expected and we expecting for the year, a little bit lower in our margin range compared to last year. So nothing out of the ordinary there as the exchange business performed well, and it was right in line with our expectations for the quarter.
Justin Lake: Okay, great, thanks for the call.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ralph Giacobbe of Citi. Please go ahead.
Ralph Giacobbe: Thanks, good morning. I want to go back to Iowa quickly. I think in your prepared remarks, you said that those U&H [ph] slides would be split equally, but the 500 million boost in your guide for the back half seems a little bit lighter as I thought the United business was closer to the 3 billion annualized number. So, is that related to the mix, is it maybe timing, just hoping you can maybe reconcile that?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, I know, I mean, I think if you look at United, they had a larger percentage of the business. They didn't have just half. And so we've previously given a range of membership, I think, of 180,000 to 200,000 members. So we've updated that to half the market and obviously you're only getting half of the year, so nothing unusual other than the mathematics behind that.
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay. And then you said you assume a higher MLR in new businesses you've talked about which would certainly makes sense. For this, just remind us, are you assuming a loss in year one or more breakeven and if it is a loss or breakeven?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, more breakeven, which is why you didn't see any earnings flow through on the increase in the revenue line for the six months and we're not talking about 20, so and just for the six months in '19 we're assuming breakeven.
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay, that's helpful, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gary Taylor of JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Gary Taylor: Hi, good morning. Just three clarifications, nothing original at this point and all financials, so sorry Michael, let me go to Jeff.
Michael Neidorff: Okay, it's okay. I understand financials too so
Gary Taylor: That's fair. Well you take a shot at this. Just on days claims payable and I appreciate the comments about timing and in fact, when I look at the roll forward for the first quarter in the Q, it does look like the ratio of current paid versus incurred slipped about 300 basis points year-over-year from about 64 to 61 so a lot of that, a lot of the impact on days claims payable does look like it's sort of timing related. Is there anything to call out on that or is this just illustrating the point that you were making earlier?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, no, nothing to call out. I mean I would say that this is a three-month roll forward that's in the 10-Q, and so that number, I mean, we've only had three months of run out on those medical claims from December. So, that number will, all things being considered would in theory, continue to grow. So you have to  it is only three months out and usually in the press release it is a full year roll forward. So, that number will continue to change, I guess is what I would say, but no, nothing unusual, which is, I mean from our view, it's consistent, on a percentage of medical costs, that's how we track it. We show this information to our audit committee, and Board every single quarter, it's been very consistent for a long period of time. The methodology hasn't changed, so we're comfortable where it is.
Gary Taylor: Got you. And, just trying to understand on the investments I caught what you said about little bit higher balances and higher rates, but the investment income more than doubled year-over-year and above a 12% year-over-year increase and the investment balance you called out a little better investment income in the quarter, but you also guided for that continuing for the year and part of the guidance raise. So is there any extra color on how you're doing so much better on investment income per the growth in balance?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, sure. Good question, two things Fidelis. So, you have the impact of Fidelis, we have their investments. We didn't have those in the first quarter or second quarter of last year. So you get the full effect of the Fidelis investments. The other thing is, on the health insurer fee we had received payments for the last year's health insurer fee reimbursement from a lot of our states earlier, than we have historically. So think of that number to $300 million to $400 million, that we have earlier in the year than we've had in the past and so you're earning investment income on that. And then obviously we had a strong cash flow generation for the quarter and a lot of that cash goes to the balance sheet, and we earn a short-term interest rate on it. So ultimately, you add up all those three things, and that's really driving the increase on a year-over-year basis.
Gary Taylor: Okay. And then final one was, I think Scott had mentioned the 10-K disclosure about move starting in the second quarter seeing some of specialty earnings moving to MCO intra company, in the elimination, is the effect of that or what's driving that merely less retained rebate at the PBM more going to the health plan or what's the dynamic that drives that?
Jeff Schwaneke: No, it's nothing other than internal dynamics as far as the margin on as we move to transparent pricing, there used to be a margin there, that's no longer going to be there. There's going to be a small piece really on administrative front, but the margin just moves into the health plan segment. So nothing other than I would say internal company activity.
Gary Taylor: Okay, thank you.
Jeff Schwaneke: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Michael Neidorff for any closing remarks.
Michael Neidorff: Yes, thank you for your questions, your attention, your participation. We're off to a strong start and looking forward to the Investor Day and future quarterly reports, so have a good day. Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-05 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Centene 2018 Fourth Quarter and Year-end Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to Ed Kroll, Senior Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations. Mr. Kroll, please go ahead.
Ed Kroll: Thank you, Anita, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on our 2018 fourth quarter and full-year earnings results conference call. Michael Neidorff, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Jeff Schwaneke, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Centene will host this morning's call, which can also be accessed through our Web site at centene.com. A replay will be available shortly after the call's completion also at centene.com or by dialing (877) 344-7529 in the U.S. and Canada, or in other countries by dialing (412) 317-0088. The playback code for both of those dial-ins is 10127647. Any remarks that Centene may make about future expectations, plans, and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor Provision under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in Centene's most recently filed Form 10-Q which is dated October 23, 2018, Form 10-K dated February 20, 2018, and other public SEC filings. Centene anticipates that subsequent events and developments will cause its estimates to change. While the Company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. The call will also refer to certain non-GAAP, thats Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. A reconciliation of these measures with the most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our fourth quarter 2018 press release, which is also available on the Company's Web site at centene.com under the Investors section. Finally, a reminder that our next Investor Day will be on Friday, June 14, in New York City. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Michael Neidorff. Michael?
Michael Neidorff: Thank you, Ed. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining Centene's fourth quarter and full-year 2018 earnings call. During the course of this morning's call, we will discuss our fourth-quarter and full-year 2018 financial results and provide updates on Centene's markets and products. We will also bring you up-to-date on the integration of Fidelis and the regulatory and legislative environment. First, let me provide commentary on healthcare legislation, legal and regulatory environment. We're hopeful that the divided government leads to a greater constructive dialogue from both parties when it comes to healthcare policy. It is clear Medicaid and the services we provide are needed more than ever. Clearly, numerous governors from both parties strongly supported Medicaid managed care during the repeal and replace debate. We also have seen Utah, Nebraska and Idaho, by ballot initiative recently passing Medicaid expansion. It also appears from the most recent marketplace enrollment figures there continues to be consistent demand for affordable, high quality healthcare coverage. As stated in the 2020 proposed payment notice, we support CMS's goal of maintaining a stable regulatory environment allowing for greater product predictability. The payment notices CMS is annual regulatory and financial guidance for the marketplace. Importantly, we support the administration's continued efforts to give states greater flexibility by a 13.32, 11.15 waivers. This works well with our local operating model where we have strong relationships with providers and regulators. We look forward to working with the states who are on the frontlines in making sure all of their citizens have access to affordable high-quality healthcare. Next, I'd like to recap Centene's highlights of 2018. 2018 was another year of strong growth and accomplishment for Centene, capped off by the robust fourth-quarter results we reported this morning. In 2018, we added 1.8 million members, surpassing the 14 million mark. We grew revenues by 24% to $60.1 billion and adjusted EPS by 41% to $7.08. The HBR improved 140 basis points year-over-year to 85.9%. The adjusted net income margin improved 50 basis points to 2.5%. Cash flows from operations remain strong at 1.4x net earnings. During the year, we stuck to our business as usual approach. We have not been distracted by ACA legal headlines. As we agree with all the legal experts, it will be reverse. While there has been chatter about possible disruption to the exchanges, individuals like to have an insurance card with comprehensive coverage. We remain the leader in the AC marketplace. In 2018, Centene successfully entered three new exchange markets and expanded in six existing Ambetter markets. I remind you, in 2018 year-over-year, our exchange membership increased by approximately 500,000 members or 52% to 1.5 million. Please note, this is ahead of our initial expectations. In Medicaid, we successfully reprocured contracts in Arizona, Florida, Washington and Kansas and won two new Medicaid contracts in New Mexico and Iowa. Overall, our win rate in Medicaid RFPs remains an industry-leading 80%. Also our medical management efforts and network initiatives continue to gain traction and help drive the improved HBR I previously noted. In addition, it is our strong organic growth, we engaged in strategic M&A and investments throughout the year. In 2018, we closed the acquisition of Fidelis, the only statewide health plan in all 62 counties of New York. During the year, we began integrating Fidelis, now our New York health plan, into our enterprise. We're very pleased with how the integration is going. For example, on January 1, we moved all Fidelis employees to Centene's HR systems without incident. Fidelis has also been on our general ledger since the day we close the transaction. We remain on track to achieve the accretion in synergy targets. We anticipate high single-digit percentage accretion to adjusted EPS in the first 12 months following the close and low to mid-teens percentage accretion to adjusted EPS in the second full-year following the close. We are also anticipating generally approximately $25 million in pre-tax net synergies in the first 12 months, following the close and $100 million in total pre-tax net synergies in year two. On a run rate basis, we expect Fidelis to add approximately $12 billion in revenue and over $550 million in adjusted EBITDA, including net synergies. In addition to Fidelis, we completed the acquisition of MHS Services a National Provider in Healthcare and Staffing to correctional systems and other government agencies. MHM was previously our joint venture partner in Centurion. We are now providing correctional services in 15 states with 32 contracts. We also completed the acquisition of Community Group -- Community Medical Group, CMG, a leading at risk for the primary care provider in Miami-Dade, Florida. CMG has 15 clinics that focus on low income beneficiaries with an expertise in social determinants. We increased our ownership in Interpreta, a technology company focused on clinical and genomic data as well as real-time analytics. Our total ownership is now 80%. We made an investment in RxAdvance technology-based pharmacy benefits management platform. We support a shift towards a more transparent PBM model, that is sustainable with higher quality and lower costs for consumers. Over the past year, we have been advocating for net pricing versus rebate. Last -- lastly, Centene purchased a controlling stake in University Hospital of Torreon, in Madrid. This is an important addition to our Ribera Salud model, which sets the standard for successful public-private partnerships in healthcare. As a final point, we introduced Centene Forward, a transformative program to enhance key parts of our enterprise. We expect Centene Forward to realize up to $500 million in savings over a multiyear period. It is important to note that this is not a short-term effort to have savings immediately go to the bottom line in 2019. Rather it is a self generating effort to reinvest capital into additional capabilities and technologies that better position Centene for long-term growth, increased margin and profitability. Moving on to market product updates. First, we will discuss Medicaid activity. Florida. In, December as part of a successful reprocurement, we continue providing physical and behavioral healthcare services to the state's Medicaid program. We're now statewide in all 11 regions. Importantly, this large geographic footprint results in additional membership and revenue that our previous -- from our previous contracts. Kansas. On January 1, our Kansas health plan renewed its contract to continue providing managed care services for the state's Medicaid program. This was a successful reprocurement of an existing contract. We currently serve approximately 130,000 recipients in the state. New Mexico. Last month Centene began serving recipients enrolled in New Mexico's Medicaid managed care program. We currently have approximately 65,000 members, while still early in the process. The launch is progressing as expected. Pennsylvania. In January, we began serving over 30,000 beneficiaries enrolled in Pennsylvania's long-term care program in the Southeast zone. We launched a Southwest zone in January of 2018. We now serve over 50,000 long-term members in the state. The third and final zone will be implemented by January of 2020. Our participation in this measure program reinforces our national leadership position in long-term care. North Carolina. We are pleased to be selected in two regions in the North Carolina Medicaid managed care program. These two regions are among the largest in the state. Our joint venture Carolina Complete Health is the only provider sponsored winner [ph] in the RFP. This will result in better health outcomes for members at a lower cost for the state. The contract is set to commence February 1, 2020. As this was only awarded yesterday, we will provide more details on our first quarter earnings call. I do want to highlight, however, that we believe that the state did not fully understand our innovative approach with providers in North Carolina. However, we believe our partnership with the North Carolina Medical Society and the FQHCs, will we proving to be the right model for success in that market. We are a believer in the provider led entity approach for growth and quality, and we expect to be the best partner the state has in its Medicaid program. We are currently considering an appeal in helping them to understand what this innovative model means, and how we can help manage costs and improve quality. Next, Centurion. Florida in December -- in December, Centurion began operating under an additional new contract, provide a comprehensive healthcare services. This new contract covers an average of 1,425 detainees in Volusia County Detention facilities. With the addition of this new contract, Centurion is now statewide in Florida. New Mexico. In February, Centurion began providing comprehensive healthcare services to detainees in the Metropolitan Detention Center in Albuquerque. Centurion is providing a wider range of healthcare services to an average detainee population of 1,550. Arizona. In late January Centurion was notified by the State of Arizona of its intent to award a contract to provide healthcare services to inmates housed in the state's prison system. The contract is expected to begin in July of 2019. Under the agreement, Centurion will provide healthcare services to an average daily population of approximately 34,000. Now health insurance marketplace. Our marketplace business continue to perform well in the fourth quarter. At year-end 2018, we served approximately 1.5 million exchange members in 16 states. For 2019, our continued focus on providing high quality affordable healthcare led to a very successful open enrollment. In the national market that shrunk almost 3%. Ambetter grew approximately 15% and now has approximately 20% national market share. We achieved this while maintaining our pricing discipline. We began offering exchange products in four new states in 2019. We also expanded our footprint in six of our existing Ambetter state. In January, we had almost 2 million paid members across 20 states. This represents a year-over-year increase of 250,000 legacy Ambetter members as well as 80,000 Fidelis members. The 250,000 increase is well ahead of our most recent estimate of 150,000 to 200,000. As you recall, the initial estimate we provided on December Investor Day was 50,000 to 150, 000. The key demographics of these members remain consistent with the comments we made on our December Investor Day. Excluding Fidelis, approximately 90% are eligible for subsidiaries. Middle tier and other demographics are consistent with prior years. Our retention rate is maintained at 80%. We expect to have another strong year of operations in our industry leading marketplace business. On the Medicare. At year-end, we served approximately 417,000 Medicare and MMP beneficiaries. This represents year-over-year growth of approximately 83,000 or 25%. Consistent with our growth strategy, we have expanded our geographic footprint and are in 21 states in 2019. We continue to take targeted approach to growing our Medicare Advantage business. As we commented on December Investor Day, we price for margin stability in 2019, recognizing headwinds that came with the lowest ROE. As a reminder, we expect first quarter 2019 MA membership to decrease by approximately 20,000 members. This is due to a repositioning of Fidelis to get back its four star rating. We continue to expect 2019 MA revenue and membership grew flat compared to 2018. We will return to a four star MA parent rating for the 2020 plan year. We expect this will have a positive impact on multiple new plans, including the joint venture we announced with Ascension Healthcare. This should allow us along with other product enhancement efforts to accelerate growth in MA in 2020 and beyond. I remind you, it is not how fast, but how well one grows. Shifting gears to our rate outlook. For 2018, our composite Medicaid rate increase was 1%. We are expecting a composite Medicaid rate increase of 1.5% in 2019. Separately, CMS issued the 2020 advance notice last week. And preliminary Medicare advantage rates appear to be in line with our expectations. We continue to see as well as anticipate overall stable medical cost trends, including flu consistent with our expectations in the low single digits. In conclusion, 2018 was another successful year for Centene. Our strong 2018 results reaffirmed our growth momentum for 2019 and beyond. Our pipeline of growth opportunities is robust and we remain focused on margin expansion. We are raising our 2019 guidance to reflect a higher than expected open enrollment for marketplace, with Centurion win in Arizona and the win in Madrid -- the acquisition of the Madrid Hospital. Before I turn the call over to Jeff, I would like to remind you that the approval -- approved two-for-one stock split will be distributed tomorrow, February 6, as split stock enhances liquidity for shareholders in line with Centene's market cap growth. Importantly, it moves our float to a level appropriate for enterprise of our size. Thank you for your interest in Centene. Jeff will now provide you further details on fourth quarter and full-year 2018 financial results as well as our increased 2019 guidance. Jeff?
Jeff Schwaneke: Thank you, Michael, and good morning. This morning we reported strong fourth-quarter and full-year 2018 results. Fourth quarter revenues were $16.6 billion, an increase of 29% over the fourth quarter of 2017, and adjusted diluted earnings per share was $1.38 this quarter compared to $0.97 last year. Both the fourth quarter and full-year results include additional costs associated with the marketplace open enrollment period. During the fourth quarter, we invested an additional $0.04 per diluted share into growth related initiatives, including member outreach efforts associated with the marketplace business. This was above our forecast and previous business expansion costs guidance range. The strong fourth-quarter caps off a very successful year for the company. Total revenues grew 24% in 2018 to $60.1 billion, driven by the acquisition of Fidelis Care, continued growth in the health insurance marketplace business, product and market expansions, and the return of the health insurer fee in 2018. This growth led to record adjusted earnings in 2018 with adjusted diluted earnings per share of $7.08, an increase of 41% over 2017. The growth and earnings year-over-year was driven by the Fidelis acquisition and the growth in the marketplace business. Before I get into the details, I want to remind everyone of the upcoming stock split. The split was declared by the Board of Directors on December 12, 2018 to be distributed on February 6, 2019 to stockholders of record as of December 24, 2018. The split is not reflected in this morning's earnings release unless otherwise noted. Now let me provide some more details for the fourth quarter. Total revenues grew by approximately $3.8 billion year-over-year, primarily as a result of the acquisition of Fidelis Care, growth in the health insurance marketplace business, the expansions and new programs in many of our states in 2018, including the Illinois contract expansion and the Pennsylvania LTSS program, other acquisitions including MHM and CMG, and the return of the health insurer fee in 2018. This growth was partially offset by lower revenues in California associated with a reduction in pass through payments and the impact of the removal of the in-home support services program for managed care, which took effect in January 2018. Moving on to HBR. Our health benefits ratio was 86.8% in the fourth quarter this year compared to 87.3% in last year's fourth quarter and 86.3% in the third quarter of 2018. The decrease year-over-year is primarily driven by growth in the health insurance marketplace business and the reinstatement of the health insurer fee in 2018. These decreases were partially offset by the acquisition of Fidelis Care, which operates at a higher HBR. Sequentially, the 50 basis point increase in HBR from the third quarter of 2018 is primarily attributable to the impact of the IHSS reconciliation in the third quarter of 2018 and normal seasonality in the health insurance marketplace business. These HBR increases were partially offset by improved Medicaid performance over the third quarter of 2018. The marketplace business continues to perform well and membership remain strong as we ended the year with 1.5 million members. We had a successful open enrollment season adding approximately 250,000 members from our peak enrollment last year, excluding Fidelis. This growth with the addition of the Fidelis membership is expected to give us almost 2 million members for 2019 peak membership. The demographics of our membership remain consistent and we ended 2018 with approximately $930 million of risk adjustment payable and over $260 million associated with minimum MLR rebates. Now on to SG&A. Our adjusted selling, general and administrative expense ratio was 9.9% in the fourth quarter this year compared to 10.5% last year, and 10% in the third quarter of 2018. The year-over-year decrease was primarily due to the acquisition of Fidelis Care, which operates at a lower SG&A expense ratio. This decrease was partially offset by growth in the health insurance marketplace business, which operates at a higher SG&A expense ratio and the impact of the removal of the IHSS program from California's Medicaid contract. The sequential decrease is primarily due to the costs associated with the end of our contract with the U.S Department of Veterans Affairs and the contribution to our Charitable Foundation recognized in the third quarter of 2018. Additionally, as commented on earlier, we spent $0.20 per diluted share on business expansion costs during the fourth quarter, which was $0.04 higher than our previous expectations. For the full-year of 2018, we spent $0.38 per diluted share on business expansion costs compared to our previous guidance range of $0.30 to $0.34 per diluted share. Invested income was $67 million during the fourth quarter compared to $53 million last year and $80 million last quarter. The increase year-over-year is due to higher investment balances mainly associated with Fidelis acquisition, as well as higher interest rates on short-term investments. Sequentially, investment income decreased due to lower investable balances associated with the payment of the health insurer fee, risk adjustment and the California Medicaid expansion minimum MLR rebate payments. Interest expense was $98 million in the fourth quarter 2018 compared to $66 million last year and $97 million last quarter. The increase year-over-year was driven by additional debt to fund the Fidelis acquisition and higher interest rates on our debt associated with our interest rate swaps. Our effective tax rate for the fourth quarter was 32.5% and in line with our expectations. The fourth quarter tax rate is lower than the full-year driven by the vesting of our employee stock awards, which lowers the rate in the fourth quarter. Now on to the balance sheet. Cash and investments totaled $13.5 billion at quarter end, including $478 million held by unregulated subsidiaries. Our risk-based capital percentage for NAIC filers continues to be in excess of 350% of the authorized control level. Debt at quarter end was $6.7 billion, which includes $284 million of borrowings on a revolving credit facility. Our debt to capital ratio was 37.4% excluding our nonrecourse mortgage note and construction loan compared to 40.3% at fourth quarter last year and 36.9% at the third quarter of 2018. Our medical claims liability totaled $6.8 billion at quarter end and represents 48 days in claims payable compared to 51 days for the third quarter of 2018. As expected and highlighted on our third quarter earnings call and Investor Day in December, the DCP decreased during the quarter associated with timing items and the Fidelis acquisition from the third quarter. We continue to expect days in claims payable to be in the mid-40s range on a long-term basis. Cash flow used in operations was $634 million in the fourth quarter and cash flow provided by operations was $1.2 billion for the full-year 2018 or 1.4x net earnings. Cash flow for the quarter was negatively impacted by the payment of the 2018 health insurer fee of approximately $700 million and the repayment of approximately $370 million of Medicaid expansion MLR rebate payments in California, which was previously accrued. Before we discuss 2019 guidance, let me provide an update on the Fidelis acquisition. Through the first six months, Fidelis has performed in line with expectations, including the realization of anticipated synergies. The integration continues to go well and we expect to achieve our previously communicated synergy targets for the first and second years post-acquisition. Now on to our 2019 annual guidance. Our updated 2019 annual guidance is included in our press release issued this morning. We have provided our earnings per share guidance on a split-adjusted basis for convenience. In summary, we have increased both our 2019 total revenues guidance at the midpoint by $600 million and adjusted earnings per share by $0.04 at the midpoint on a split-adjusted basis to reflect the additional membership growth in the marketplace business, which came in above our expectations, the acquisition of Torreon in Spain, and the new contract win for Centurion in Arizona. In summary, our full-year 2019 guidance on a split-adjusted basis is as follows: total revenues of $70.3 billion to $71.1 billion. GAAP diluted earnings per share of $3.65 to $3.83. Adjusted diluted earnings per share of $4.11 to $4.31 and HBR of 86.5% to 87% and SG&A ratio of 9.3% to 9.8%, and adjusted SG&A ratio of 9.3% to 9.8%, and effective tax rate of 25% to 27% and diluted shares outstanding of 421.5 million to 422.5 million shares split-adjusted. In conclusion, 2018 was a successful year for the company, led by strong top and bottom-line growth. The performance in the fourth quarter and continued growth in the marketplace business provide tailwinds heading into 2019 where we expect to continue to drive long-term growth and margin expansion. That concludes my remarks and operator you may now open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] The first question today comes from Kevin Fischbeck with Bank Of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Kevin Fischbeck: Great. Thanks. I wanted to focus on the exchanges. I guess, the first question there is you mentioned retention similar and the demographic is similar. Any markets in particular that you would highlight as kind of faster growing than average?
Michael Neidorff: I think we have a very balanced approach to our markets. It's good. Different markets have different sizes, so different penetration. But it's very balanced across our markets. And the demographics across markets are the same. The middle tiers, everything about it, Kevin, is just consistent with what we have historically seen.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay.
Michael Neidorff: Do you want to add to that?
Jeff Schwaneke: No.
Kevin Fischbeck: I was going to ask also, Jeff, your comment there where you said, at the very end you said the growth in the marketplace business provides tailwinds for 2019 and you expect to drive long-term growth and margin expansion. I wasnt sure of you were saying that you expect additional margin expansion in the exchanges or whether that was a broader comment about the overall business in margin expansion?
Jeff Schwaneke: No, that was an overall broader comment. I mean, I think the tailwinds comment is evidenced by obviously -- we haven't even closed the books for January and were raising guidance, right? So membership came in higher than we expected and we have obviously the new win in Centurion, in Arizona and the acquisition and we're updating guidance for those items.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Josh Raskin with Nephron. Please go ahead.
Josh Raskin: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. I want to stick with 
Michael Neidorff: Good morning.
Josh Raskin:  the exchanges as well. Good morning, Michael. Two questions, I guess, related to the exchanges. One is can we get an updated revenue contribution, in terms of your total top on to [indiscernible] that 70 billion-ish or so. How much of that is actually exchanges? And then, is there any assumed margin reset? It doesnt sound like there's any reason to think that. I know you talked about conservatism in the past and certain year, so curious on that. And then, just on new competition, I dont know are you seeing any traction from the Oscars or even new competitors in any of your markets? Sorry for a bunch of questions on exchanges, but that's it.
Michael Neidorff: Go ahead, Jeff.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. So, Josh, a couple of things. I think you could probably bridge our Investor Day slide to get there. But for 2019, I would say around the $10 billion mark would be for the exchange product. As far as margins, I think what we mentioned in our Investor Day, in December, was kind of the -- what we're projecting margins for 2019 to be similar to '17, '16, '15, which was between the 5% and 10% range. And I think that's exactly what we're expecting for 2019.
Michael Neidorff: And from a competitor standpoint, we are not seeing activity that in any way affects us.
Josh Raskin: Okay. Youre not seeing any pockets of growth from some new entrants or anything like that in any of the specific markets?
Michael Neidorff: No. If anything, I mean, we would like to see more people out there because it creates more noise and more activity and in a competitive environment, we tend to do very well.
Josh Raskin: Got you. And then, just one last one. Just wanted to ask on North Carolina. Could you size sort of the startup in development cost? I know you guys have been in the stage, you guys were one of the earliest in there. I know youve entered the exchanges well. Any way to size what that total cost of kind of market entry was in North Carolina?
Michael Neidorff: We recognize that we just got the information yesterday. Our license suggests that we delay that comment to the next quarter -- to the first quarter call, if I may, Josh. I mean, weve some ballpark numbers, but we would like to -- on something like that, we want to be very specific. We are talking about an appeal on this. So I don't want to put anything out there that can, in anyway mislead. Do you agree, Jeff?
Josh Raskin: Thats fair.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. I would agree on the specific number. I would say that included in our guidance that we gave today are our costs. We are refining those estimates obviously based on what we learn yesterday.
Josh Raskin: Got you. Thats fair. Thank you.
Michael Neidorff: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes some Scott Fidel with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Scott Fidel: Hi. Thanks. Good morning.
Michael Neidorff: Good morning.
Scott Fidel: I just wanted to follow-up on North Carolina and just as you continue to do the postmortem today on the results yesterday. Just interested in as you evaluate the awards, what do you think were the key reasons, why the state didnt award Centene, a statewide contract? And then, Michael, as you mentioned, youre considering the appeal. Maybe help us think about some of the key sort of substantive points that you think that Centene can raise around the appeal?
Michael Neidorff: Yes, I think -- one, I want to back off. I mean, we are not unhappy. When you win the largest service region and the third largest, it's meaningful numbers and I have it in here somewhere I could quote, so it's not a -- I don't see this as a loss, I see it as a win. I think as I said in my comments that the state did not fully understand the innovative approach we had working with providers who have previously done it before. And I think as they understand that and this was something that was in the legislation that they wanted. And we've worked very hard and we do believe that the partnership when they understand, it with the FQAC, the Medical Society and others, will prove to be a very successful model in North Carolina when you look at the history of what their models have looked like. So I think we are going to be a strong provider in those two regions. We are going to take them through what happened, and we are going to understand their decision-making, because you win two, you say if it works there, this model. Maybe they're trying to standard it more and they dont want to go too far with it until they do. I can see lots of reasons, but -- so we will work with them, we will appeal it and -- but regardless of what happens, we believe in being a strong partner with states and work with them. And I think it's going to have a short and longer-term very positive outlook for quality and cost-effectiveness in the state.
Scott Fidel: Got it. If I could just ask a related follow-up to just on -- I know youre not ready to size the revenue impact from North Carolina, but I think from all of our end we are trying to sort of sort out just what the margin profile of the North Carolina business can look like, because you've got some different dynamics in terms of the JV with providers and the minimum MLRs in North Carolina and some other factors. Just sort of, I guess conceptually, how do you guys think about sort of the margin profile of North Carolina more broadly relative to, let's say, sort of the more broader normalized margins that you target in the Medicaid book?
Michael Neidorff: I expect our margin over time, because as you know, we have always taken conservatism and said that for the first 3, 4 quarters as an investment period. In the MLR we booked high until we see that the system is understanding what's involved in the managed care profile and system that we use. And so, I mean, I dont expect great, great margins in the first 3, 4 quarters. But I do believe that these margins will be consistent to better. And I think working with the providers effectively and just to give you a model we have some pretty good systems with Interpreta and Casenet and other things that will help make these providers particularly successful. And so, I see an opportunity for in '20, because, I mean, we are not going to start immediately. I do see over as the year unfolds, some opportunity for some upside on it. So I think we are going to be putting together a model here that others will when they emulate over time.
Scott Fidel: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Newshel with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Michael Newshel: Thanks. Michael, can you address the contract extension disclosed last night? And it means for succession planning? And did the Board asked you to stay longer or did the impetus come from you?
Michael Neidorff: I would say, once succession planning continues as originally planned with the Board, we continue to work through that. And we were -- as we were talking about succession planning, the Board asked me if I will be willing to extend it. And I said that I would, I mean, were having fun, we are having success. I don't want to jinx it, but we are blessed with good health. And so -- and we have a great team here that it's fun to lead. Its taking on more and more of the load. So I can continue what Im doing and maybe we can add a couple rounds of golf.
Michael Newshel: So succession planning is still like you want to continue in the meantime or [indiscernible]?
Michael Neidorff: No, the succession planning -- one, succession planning can be a point in time, but it can also be a process that could be implemented anytime one feels it's appropriate to do so. So, Id rather take that approach. And it's business as usual and they -- it was their idea to extend it, so -- because I have a lot of questions about it and to give a sense to all of you and everyone and the people in the company there's -- there will be continuity and will continue down the line.
Michael Newshel: Got it. I mean, if I can just squeeze one more. Can you just also confirm whether you're buying the QualChoice Health plan in Arkansas from CHI, and what the financial impact and timing would be?
Michael Neidorff: Yes, we have the terms decided. We've not closed on it yet. And now we have to close, Jeff what, later this month, next month?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, so we have executed the contract on that, Mike, so we'd expect to close in the second quarter. And I would just say, I mean, this is an end market transaction, so we tend to like those and look for those. So not material in the macro scheme. but certainly Arkansas has been good market, and we're excited to expand our presence there.
Michael Newshel: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Peter Costa with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Peter Costa: Thanks and congratulations on the quarter.
Michael Neidorff: Thanks, Peter.
Peter Costa: I wanted to ask about going forward, first off in North Carolina, what do you expect the startup costs will be in 2019 and 2020? And then -- because your business doesnt start until 2020. And then, also on 2020, can you talk about whats going to happen with silver overloading and the cost-sharing subsidies and what might change there?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. So, Pete, this is Jeff. I will handle the first question on the cost. I think what we said was we have some cost in for our 2019 guidance, but since we just got this information yesterday, it's a little early and we are reevaluating those costs. And I guess this is what I would say. So early for us to give a pinpoint number on that, given the information that came out yesterday. And on the second, I mean, we're not talking about 2020 guidance here today. So I dont know if [multiple speakers]
Peter Costa: Curious if you want to talk about [technical difficulty] might happen in Washington this year regarding the cost-sharing subsidies and way silver loading works. And if that may change for 2020 relative to -- HHS is allowing it for 2019, but it seems to be more up in the air for 2020.
Kevin Counihan: Hey, Peter, it's Kevin. Yes, youre right. If you look at the '19 payment notice, they make illusion to that. I think, again, it's premature to think about what that might actually look like into 2020. We are going to be prepared to pivot irrespective of what the policy decides. And again as you know, within CMS a year is a long time. So we'll see what happens.
Michael Neidorff: Yes, I think also we do have two sides to the government now looking at these issues and our feeling is that can be positive and if we get some good constructive discussion going. And so -- and try -- we are going to play every part we can to move it to policy versus politics. There may be some real opportunities there for you.
Peter Costa: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Sarah James with Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Sarah James: Thank you.
Michael Neidorff: Thank you.
Sarah James: In North Carolina did Centene submit a bid as a health plan also or only a PLE? And Im wondering since the provider led entities could be awarded regions and health plan statewide. Can you speak a little bit to the strategy around deciding to submit a bid as a PLE?
Michael Neidorff: Well, we actually did submit both sides of it, but we emphasize the PLE. You have to go back and look at the historic programs theyve had in the state and the role providers have had. And I think working with the State Medical Society and they were -- they've been great constructive partners and they really want to deliver high-quality care, they understand the cost issues, and they wanted to work with us because of our systems and how we can support them doing a better job and everybody doing well. We decided that's a good place to be and I still believe that, Sarah. And I think over time it's going to prove to be a very effective model in markets like North Carolina with the history we had. So this was one of those things that I think time will prove to be on our side. And so it's going to be business as usual. We did do both, but we found a real need to emphasize this side of it. And I think the state just -- I think they understood some value and that's why they did give us the largest and third largest regions as opposed to, say, we are going to do any of these provider led organizations, but we are going to go back and talk to them and see if that can be expanded some through the appeal process. If not, well, it will still be a program no matter how it comes out with. So it's going to be a sizable business, it was full size for you on the Q1 call.
Sarah James: Got it. That makes a lot of sense. And one more question, if I can. If I look back at 2018, there where points of 2Q were consensus didn't really get seasonality right on a couple of different lines and that caused some confusion. So I'm wondering if there's any commentary you can offer around 2019 seasonality or cadence and how you see that different from 2018?
Michael Neidorff: Im going to make an opening comment and let, Jeff, take that. Of course, we are not -- we dont look at consensus. We look at the business and how it's developing. But Jeff, do you want to talk about seasonality?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, yes. I think what we said in our December Investor Day. we kind of gave -- we've been trying to give more insight I guess to the seasonality of the business, giving a first half, second half view as far as how earnings progression goes. And I would say that the comment we made there, I think were consistent. So over 60% in the first half of the year. And again, as we continue to grow the marketplace business that shift continues to happen. I mean, the real driver of our change in seasonality is really the product mix. It's the diversification of the product mix. And so to the extent you have a higher mix of exchange, then you will pull more earnings forward to the first half of the year, because of the: number one, that's when we have the highest level of membership. And number two, that's when we have the lowest HBR as a result of deductibles.
Sarah James: Okay. So even though you guys are doing much better on exchange growth that you thought at Investor Day, you still think the 60-40 net is a appropriate way to think about the year?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, yes. I would think that's a good place to start.
Sarah James: Thank you.
Michael Neidorff: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from A. J. Rice with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
A. J. Rice: Thanks. Hi, everyone.
Michael Neidorff: Hi.
A. J. Rice: First of all, just to ask about Fidelis a little more. It sounds like, generally, on a broad sense, everything is tracking. Are there any pockets as you drill down where you see new opportunities, now that you have it for a while or are there any areas where youre seeing challenges or that weren't anticipated?
Michael Neidorff: I will start off and others can add as they feel it. I think it's incredibly well run company. We are pleased with what weve had and will continue to work with us in social responsibility. For some obvious legal reasons it was important that he appoints a new CEO, that we get him. Great continuity there. The whole teams in place. But he commented to me the other -- not too long when he was in it, the turnover rate since we announced the acquisition has been the lowest they've seen historically. So people are very pleased with it. I think the opportunities -- there are opportunities to continue to grow. There's opportunities to help them with the medical loss ratio using our systems. So it's -- but it's -- theyre hitting all the numbers. Theyre functioning on all 8 of 12 cylinders, depending how many you have in your automobile. And so, I think from every aspect of it we're -- I made the comment one day that if we could find more businesses like that, I want to do one in the morning and one in the afternoon. Theyre really a well run company.
A. J. Rice: Okay. I was going to also ask about Mississippi in the press release you highlight that you completed the implementation of the new PBM model. Can you update us on your thought about rolling it out to other markets and will you wait for sort of proof-of-concept? In Mississippi, you play out for a little while or how should we think about that?
Michael Neidorff: No, it's -- we are actively rolling it out now and I'd like to roll it as best we can. But once again I want to make sure it's well -- proof-of-concept is make sure there. It is working incredibly well in Mississippi. And we are confident and were going to roll it out into additional markets. We are right now as we speak. And by the end of 2020, we will be in all the markets and if I can [indiscernible] we will, but once again Im not going to overload it. And -- but it's a great system, it's going to prove to be, I think where pharmacy benefit should be headed.
A. J. Rice: Okay. Whats this most significant economic benefit of making that transition that youre seeing in Mississippi?
Michael Neidorff: Well, there is administrative expenses, its cloud-based. We can reduce the admin cost significantly. And we are working with -- I mean, I mean, John Sculley, Ravi and the people there are really innovative creative. And I'm working with them now that, because I have a commitment to speak about is there some way to move to net pricing as opposed to rebate. And I think they have the system, skills and capabilities that we can start talking about those kind. We are talking about those kinds of things with them. It's not going to be instant. But -- so there is a lot of significance to what youre doing. It's very innovative and as we are able to demonstrate more and more that you will see it.
A. J. Rice: Okay. All right. Thanks a lot.
Operator: The next question comes from Lance Wilkes with Sanford Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Lance Wilkes: Yes. Good morning. Could you talk a little bit about in the Medicaid book, medical cost trend and management, in particular, if could just kind of hit up on some color on what's doing better-than-expected, whats doing worse? How important the original restrictive networks are, and what's going on with risk profile at the state level with some of the reenrollment efforts that are taking place at those levels?
Michael Neidorff: Jeff, you want to comment on that?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, yes. Couple of things. We did see the Medicaid improvement over the third quarter, really it's a combination of many things. Combination of the med management network initiatives, premium -- premium rate adjustments combined with I think what we saw was stable cost trends in the fourth quarter. So your comment about risk profile, I mean you really have to go on a state -- state-by-state basis. So if you aggregate the business, I mean, thats one of the benefits of diversification. If you aggregate the business, I would say that the risk profile has remained relatively consistent.
Michael Neidorff: I would like to add that if you look at the scale and size we have in most, I mean, albeit in the newest markets, it's 65,000 in Mexico and global [ph], but when you have the size we do, you get a balanced book of business. And we were expecting to have some that are [indiscernible] and some that are healthier, and we look across the whole book, and were seeing that. And thats really the large numbers as much with anything else coming into play. So thus far the benefit of our size, being the largest Medicaid provider. But also as, Jeff highlighted, you have 31 states. It puts you in a strong position, because as I tell investors, there's no different in their portfolio. At any given time they might have one stock thats not performing well or two. Well, we are going to have -- we are going to have a market that has a couple of issues, but weve others doing well and they offset, while we correct the one has an issue. So it's a balance that gives us certain comfort.
Lance Wilkes: And can you just talk to the or just clarify on the behavioral membership for the quarter? What was the decrease in that? Does it go into an integrated medical offering?
Michael Neidorff: Yes, it's moving and we're moving more and more to the integrated medical. And I want to do that as quickly as we can. I really believe that's an important place to be. I have to use publicly the example that someone is diagnosed a new -- as a new diabetic, I sure want them to talk to a behavioral person as quickly as they can because it gives you more control of the total medical condition.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, the membership decreased. We previewed this at our Investor Day. It was really a behavioral health only program in Arizona that was integrated with the traditional Medicaid program. And so while the membership decreased quite a bit, the revenues are up on a consolidated basis. So lower membership, higher revenue because it's been integrated with the physical health.
Lance Wilkes: Got you. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Tanal of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Steve Tanal: Good morning, guys. Thanks for the question.
Michael Neidorff: Good morning.
Steve Tanal: Just one quick one on the marketplace. I missed the minimum MLR accrual number. If you can just give us that once more and then maybe just let us know where 2018 margins ended for the business?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. So, I think 260, approximately $260 million. And as I said, in our December Investor Day, we are not going to give it. It's a competitively priced product, we are not going to give a specific margin number.
Steve Tanal: Okay. All right. Fair enough. And then the other question I had, we are hearing a little bit more sort of anecdotally around the eligibility redeterminations in Medicaid, potentially affecting risk pools and making for a bit of a short-term blip as some of the MCOs go back to the states for better rates. What are your views on whether or not that's happening? And if it is, maybe it's just part of sort of the uptick in Medicaid rates where youre looking for 1.5 composite increase in '19 or just one in '18 or how should we think about that if that's not really behind that?
Jeff Schwaneke: Again, I think you have to go on a state-by-state basis. We have seen where redeterminations have changed the risk pool and states been relatively quick to react. I wouldn't necessarily call that meaningful. It's certainly helpful, but it's not a meaningful driver of the medical cost if you look at the actual volume of redeterminations. But we actually have had states do adjustments, I would say relatively quickly after the redeterminations. And when you look at acuity mix, its different by state. Some of the -- some states have had redeterminations that had no effect on acuity.
Michael Neidorff: Yes. So it's once again -- it's the law of large numbers. Large number of states in the mix.
Steve Tanal: Thats helpful. And then the acceleration and the rate, is there anything specifically we can sort of think about is driving that?
Jeff Schwaneke: The acceleration in what rate? The composite.
Steve Tanal: The composite. Yes, the composite rate, 1.5 versus 1 in '18.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, I mean, I think I mentioned it in our December Investor Day. We do have a state -- certain states, which are performing at the long-term margin. Some of that is rating issues, so we have seen and are projecting some improvement in rates into 2019.
Steve Tanal: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Dave Windley with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Dave Windley: Hi. Good morning.
Michael Neidorff: Good morning.
David Styblo: Its Dave Styblo on for Dave Windley. First question I have was just on the Medicaid business. It seems like thats driving the MLR move into the bottom end of your 2018 guidance range. I would be curious just to get a better sense of where the margins are at this point and we're hearing peers, obviously, talk about net margins getting close to 3% over the next couple of years. Do you think that's something possible for Centene or is there some business mix or other structural considerations that might make it hard for you guys to replicate that type of profile?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, I commented on this in our December Investor Day where we've also grown faster than anybody else in the industry on the Medicaid side. And as Michael mentioned before, when you're starting of these new markets, you have compressed margins versus what you would say is your long-term margin target. So I think from our standpoint we still think 3% to 5% is a good margin target. And just because of the mix and the growth that we've had, it's probably different than our competitors.
Michael Neidorff: And I would add something else. If you look at it, we showed in the net margin of 50 basis points what the -- with what we gave you today. It's easy to say what do you think is going to happen in the future. We prefer to say, we have a continued focus on margin expansion at growing the business. And we tend to deliver against it versus saying, I'm going to get it to X number, because that's easy to do. I used to learn that -- they used to say in [indiscernible] Brazil and others that [indiscernible] that people will accept anything. Im going to simply say that we're going to continue to grow this business and its dramatic in my opinion. And we're going to work hard at margin expansion using systems and other capabilities, we have to improve outcomes and reduce costs.
David Styblo: Sure. And Jeff, I think I heard you mention that the risk adjustment payables was that $930 million at the fourth quarter. I think thats up about 37% year-over-year compared to exchange enrollment thats up a little bit over 50%. Can you just help us understand maybe the delta there why those number look a little bit more comparable in terms of growth?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. I mean, you have to look at number of months I think is one of the first things so in total. But, I mean, it wasn't out of line with our expectations. So -- and I did give you, it's $930 million and the reason I'm giving those is because typically we file -- in the quarters we file the 10-Q and you can pull those from the 10-Q. Obviously, here the annual report comes later. So Im just giving this to you now.
David Styblo: Sure. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Matt Borsch with BMO. Please go ahead.
Matt Borsch: Thanks for fitting me in.
Michael Neidorff: Thank you.
Matt Borsch: So the question -- a question about if you look out with your the various providers that you're working with, do you anticipate shortages as you look ahead the next five years or maybe even beyond that? And I will ask a question in the context of a hypothetical that if you had one of the big drug retailers, let's say, with sort of ancillary personnel providing primary care services, would that be something that would be an attractive model for Centene to contract with?
Michael Neidorff: I think, we tend to kind of march our own drum. And we work well with primary care, we work well with specialists. And sometime, when some of you have a chance to come to the office, we will take you through our Casenet and our Intrepreta, weve shown some of it in the Investor Day. But there are systems that help physicians become very successful in treating their patients. And given the data and given real time heated [ph] scores and things that they can get on, we are moving to where they can get on their iPhone. And so, I believe that there are effective contracts in equity or you can have equity in contracts is what Im trying to say.
Matt Borsch: Yes.
Michael Neidorff: And thats kind -- that tends to be the direction. If we see -- and I said this in Investor Day, if we saw an area where there is not enough positions for access or work with some governmental agencies, in just that issue while we have CMG now, that has a capability to open up very successful clinics that deal with this population, social determinants, etcetera. And we would ask Luis, who runs it, to move into region x and put together a little multispecialty clinic. So we think we have the capability to meet our members' needs. And once again, I mean, we all know who you are thinking of. Thats a big -- it's a big operation, but they also have a lot of commercial and other membership. And we are very focused in the government services area.
Matt Borsch: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Ana Gupte with SVB Leerink. Please go ahead.
Ana Gupte: Hi. Thanks. Good morning.
Michael Neidorff: Hi.
Ana Gupte: Thanks for fitting me in. Just wanted some color as you go into 2020 on a couple of drivers, good drivers. Firstly, on exchanges. Can you talk about what your growth profile might be there as you look at the demand, and then the under penetration, the moves to short-term plans and anything else in the competitive environment as you go into the selling season.
Michael Neidorff: I will start and Jeff, you can pick up. But the short-term plans, I mean, short-term plans who manufacture association have been around forever. The benefits of maturity is less. The majority of our membership has subsidies. So why jump out if something else gives you a lot less benefits to go into it and those things still have to be proven, Ana. And they are just at the short-term. . And I think over time, costs and short plans go up because you have such a turnover that you have different disease states. And they have -- theyve tried to overcome that by being able to underwrite health risks. And that itself I think is going to long-term be a problem, not for us, but just for health states in general. So I think this is a long way. It's an attempt to be disruptive, but I'm not sure how disruptive we -- our particular model. So I think that it's. So looking forward, I mean, I will just remind Ana, not you, but others has talked about our growth rate as we have got bigger wallets. We are still maintaining a significant growth rate. They talk about the exchanges and all the disruption and how it is and were up 15% this year while the market is declining. So we are just going to continue to business as usual and deal with the facts, as we have now and the fact says it's a good business, it's a strong business and we know how to manage it. Weve assistance to manage it. Does that help?
Ana Gupte: Yes, thats helpful. Yes, thanks, Mike. On the MA side then for 2020, and I think it's really thought leading on the Ascension JV, but you do have the four star contract at this point. Are you planning to do two different products, one thats cobranded, and then one thats with Ascension, and then one Centene or how are you thinking about 2020 as an opportunity for growth?
Michael Neidorff: I think thats going to depend by market. It depends on the size the market really are, our network. We are going to work -- we are going to first work effectively with our partners at Ascension. And they -- we are not doing any help and they work with. So, I mean, it's always -- it will be a mix and depending on the size of market scale, and what makes sense. I mean weve some markets weve had historically more than one product. So thats -- it's not a bad thing. I can go back to my consumer packaged goods space. So there was a time in Canada, we had two different soap [indiscernible] and it worked very well.
Ana Gupte: Makes sense. Yes.
Michael Neidorff: [Indiscernible] healthcare. Pardon me.
Ana Gupte: No, I think that makes sense. They're not customized just -- I mean, you will be more customized by local market and depending.
Michael Neidorff: Right. I think what the key is -- I think whats key, Ana, is you have the -- you have to have the systems. And the overall capability to manage that multiplicity of opportunities. And thats where we are focused and I made comments, we are going to continue invest in technology. And I think weve demonstrated that weve the wherewithal to do it in a very meaningful way. It goes back to the $500 million we are going to generate internally so as to be able to invest in new technologies, new opportunities. With that effect in margins, and the overall growth of the business.
Ana Gupte: Yes, truly. Thats a competitive advantage. That makes a lot of sense on the systems.
Michael Neidorff: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Steven Valiquette with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Steven Valiquette: Great. Thanks. Good morning, everybody.
Michael Neidorff: Good morning.
Steven Valiquette: So there were some moving parts in Medicaid costs throughout 2018 for really Centene and really a lot of companies in the overall MCO sector. But just given on the drivers you mentioned earlier, that led to your sequential improvement in Medicaid cost trend in 4Q '18 and also just exiting the year, I guess when you add it all up, is if there's any extra color you can provide just on your expected Medicaid MLR assumptions for 2019 overall versus 2018 overall just when comparing on an apples to apples basis. Thanks.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, I commented on this sort of Investor Day, I mean, we do expect Medicaid margins to improve in 2019 over 2018. And a lot of thats driven by a lot of actions that we've taken this year, which will have a full-year run heading into 2019. The we do -- we do anticipate improvement in the Medicaid margins in '19.
Michael Neidorff: Yes, and bottom line is that the trends in 4Q '18, I assume, are very suggestive that youre on track to achieve that. So thats, I guess the key takeaway at least from my perspective.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, it was a good quarter.
Steven Valiquette: Yes. Got it. Okay. All right. Thanks, guys.
Operator: The next question comes from Gary Taylor with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Gary Taylor: Hi. Good morning. Just a couple of questions left. The first is on the 2019 exchange enrollment, have you guys disclosed or be willing to help us with, on the four new states, how much does that contribute to the 250,000 increase at Fidelis?
Michael Neidorff: Jeff?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. I guess, what I would say is, consistent with what we've done historically, it's not the largest driver of membership growth. Typically, when we go into new markets, it's a test and learn approach. And I think we followed that for the new markets this year. So it's not the majority of the driver of the membership growth. It really is coming from existing markets that weve had.
Gary Taylor: Okay. And then my second question is cash from ops for 2018 was weighed by about $1 billion, I think, with some of these California accruals that you ended up paying this year. If you normalize that, free cash flow looks quite good compared to earnings. As we head into 2019, just remind us -- I dont recall from Investor Day you called out anything, but versus kind of your long-term guidance of 1.5x to 2x cash from ops versus earnings, are there any material variances that for 2019?
Jeff Schwaneke: No, I mean, I think the 1.5x to 2x would apply. There's always timing issues, right? They can always be a timing of the State payment that you dont get at the end of the quarter, the end of the end of the year that is subsequently paid within the next few days. And so -- and given our size in some states those can be meaningful. So you always have timing items that come up, but nothing that I can think of similar to what we experienced in the $1 billion of MLR payables in California.
Gary Taylor: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Ralph Giacobbe with Citi. Please go ahead.
Ralph Giacobbe: Thanks, good morning. So you ended with a 1.46 million fixed numbers. You mentioned the $2 million which I understand is sort of the peak number. And I think you also said, 250,000 year-over-year, so just wanted to clarify that. Sort of year-end membership on the hicks, somewhere in that kind of 1.7 to 1.8, is that the right way to think about it?
Jeff Schwaneke: We dont actually provide the year-end. Obviously, there was attrition from the peak membership. So what were talking about is if you go back to our Investor Day slides, we would have said 2018 peak was $1.650 million. You are growing $250 million on top of that plus the addition of 80,000 with Fidelis, gets you close to the $2 million. But we dont -- we are not providing at year-end 2019 number.
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay. Is there any reason to think that it wouldnt just be similar to prior years in terms of ending versus peak?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, I would expect to normal attrition rate. Thats certainly what weve forecasted.
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay. Thats helpful. And then, just real quick, effective tax rate, we should use for 2019? It's in the guidance, I provided that in the guidance this morning.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, yes. It's in the press release.
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay. And one more, if I could. Can you just remind us the level of incremental, maybe strategic investment that you call out and just framing on sort of the ongoing expense or if you see that pace flow. Thanks.
Jeff Schwaneke: Strategic investment for which year 2018 or '19, what specifically are you [indiscernible]?
Ralph Giacobbe: Yes. I think we should start what we call business expansion -- business expansion costs. And I think what we said, now this is on a split adjusted basis, obviously, 12 to 14 cents.
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Michael Neidorff, for any closing remarks.
Michael Neidorff: Well, I just wanted to thank everybody for the questions, the time and we look forward to continuing the record of -- year-after-year. So have a good first quarter. We will talk to you soon.
Operator: This company is now concluded. Thank you for attending todays presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-11-10 07:30:00) =====
Executives: Joe Bogdan - SVP, Corporate Finance Barry Smith - Chairman & CEO Jon Rubin - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: David Styblo - Jefferies Michael Baker - Raymond James & Associates
Operator: Welcome, and thank you for standing by for the third quarter 2018 earnings call. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now I will turn the meeting over to Mr. Joe Bogdan. Thank you, sir. You may begin.
Joe Bogdan: Good morning, and thank you for joining Magellan Health's Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. With me today are Magellan's Chairman and CEO, Barry Smith; and our CFO, Jon Rubin. The press release announcing our third quarter earnings was distributed this morning. A replay of this call will be available shortly after the conclusion of the call through December 7. The numbers to access the replay are in the earnings release. For those who listen to the rebroadcast of this presentation, we remind you that the remarks made herein are as of today, Wednesday, November 7, 2018, and have not been updated subsequent to the initial earnings call. During our call, we'll make forward-looking statements, including statements related to our growth prospects and our 2018 outlook. Listeners are cautioned that these statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond our control. These risks and uncertainties can cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations, and we advise listeners to review the risk factors discussed in our press release this morning and documents we filed with or furnished to the SEC. In addition, please note that Magellan uses certain non-GAAP financial measures when describing our financial results. Specifically, we refer to segment profit, adjusted net income and adjusted EPS, which are defined in our SEC filings and in today's press release. Segment profit is equal to net revenues less the sum of cost of care, cost of goods sold, direct service costs and other operating expenses and includes income from unconsolidated subsidiaries, but excludes segment profit from non-controlling interests held by other parties, stock compensation expense, special charges or benefits as well as changes in fair value of contingent consideration recorded in relation to acquisitions.  Adjusted net income and adjusted EPS reflect certain adjustments made for acquisitions completed after January 1, 2013, to exclude noncash stock compensation expense resulting from restricted stock purchases by sellers, changes in the fair value of contingent consideration, amortization of identified acquisition intangibles, as well as impairment of identified acquisition intangibles. Please refer to the tables included with this morning's press release, which is available on our website for a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the corresponding GAAP measures. I will now turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Barry Smith. Barry?
Barry Smith: Thank you, Joe. Good morning, and thank you all for joining us today. On our call this morning, I'll discuss the following topics. First, I'm going to comment on the financial results for the quarter and our reduction to 2018 guidance. Second, I'll make some observations about our growth, success in winning new business and integrating acquisitions. I'll also discuss challenges that we faced along the way. Third, I'll provide an update of some of the operational highlights from the third quarter. Finally, I will share our current focus, areas of focus of each business before transitioning to Jon's detailed financial update. For the third quarter of 2018, we reported net revenue of $1.9 billion, net income of $27.1 million and EPS of $1.09 per share. Our adjusted net income was $36.2 million, or $1.45 per share. And we achieved segment profit of $88.3 million. The quarterly results included approximately $22 million in out of period favorability. We are lowering our 2018 earnings guidance due to the following factors: Medical cost pressures and unexpected rate adjustments in healthcare; the late timing of network rate improvement actions in pharmacy; and actions we are taking to improve the efficiency of our operating models in both business segments, which will result in severance and other costs this year. Jon will provide additional details on both the quarterly financial results and the 2018's earnings guidance later in the call. Jon will also provide some initial commentary on our outlook for 2019. In light of our recent performance and lowering of guidance, it is a timely opportunity for us to pause and consider where we are today in comparison to our expectations along with our near term priorities and vision for the future. Over the past 5 years, we have executed against a strategy based upon our 2 growth platforms: Magellan Healthcare and Magellan Rx Management. During that time, we launched Magellan Complete Care, or MCC, which today represents over 50% of our Healthcare revenue. In addition, we've grown our Pharmacy business from a small specialty drug management company and Medicaid administrator in 2013 to a full-service PBM. As a result of our efforts, we have more than doubled the size of the company.  Magellan accomplished this rapid growth through a combination of organic execution and acquisitions, which transformed our company from a legacy manager of behavioral health to manager of complex populations, specialty healthcare and pharmacy. Our significant growth has demonstrated our ability to win business in both healthcare and pharmacy. We are disappointed that our recent financial performance did not meet our expectations. In retrospect, we undertook a number of significant initiatives in a very short time frame. In Healthcare, integrating the acquisition of Senior Whole Health, while launching in several new MCC markets, extended our resources to their limits. We have grown from these experiences. We've gained more discipline, banked additional operating knowledge and added key resources with specific expertise, which will help us better prepare and manage future growth. Most importantly, we have a solid plan to improve performance going forward. While we acknowledge our execution shortfalls, we believe that Medicaid managed care is a good business and will be an engine for Magellan's top and bottom line growth, as we look -- work to unlock the earnings power of our MCC portfolio. In the pharmacy market, the PBM landscape is evolving. As we highlighted last quarter, we are seeing more aggressive pricing in the market, including in the specialty carve-out space. At the same time, we are seeing more demand than ever for the differentiated services that we provide. We believe that the pending medical mergers will create a long term opportunity for Magellan Rx to emerge as the largest independent PBM for managed care organizations and employers. We will continue to respond to the competitive environment in a very disciplined manner, while educating the market about our unique clinical and specialty drug management capabilities and the value of our independence as a PBM. Now let me provide you with an update on some specific developments within our businesses during the third quarter, beginning with our Healthcare segment. In Virginia, we began phasing in the management of the TANF population under the Medallion 4.0 program in August. All operational aspects of the implementations have gone smoothly.  As of October, we are managing approximately 20,000 TANF members, which we expect to grow to approximately 30,000 by the end of the year, when the remaining regions are fully phased in. On January 1, 2019, we will assume management responsibility for the Medicaid expansion population. Readiness plans are on track and we've received capitation rates for this population, which include a risk corridor to protect plans from the still unknown morbidity levels of the new population.  We received 2019 draft capitation rates and risk adjustment for our CCC Plus program. While rates for 2019 were in line with our expectations, risk adjustment will apply retroactively to 2018 and will likely have an unfavorable impact on our 2018 revenue. We have incorporated this into our updated guidance. Along with other health plans, we continue to work with the state to ensure the adequacy of future rates. Overall, our business in this market continues to grow, as does our experience. We have some issues to resolve, but we have specific plans to address them and have made initial progress. In Arizona, we completed implementation-readiness activities during the quarter and launched our Medicaid managed care plan on October 1 for eligible members in Maricopa, Pinal and Gila counties. While there was not an initial membership block assigned to Magellan, the state will auto assign new members to smaller plans until they reach 80,000 lives. Our current membership is approximately 1,700 lives and we expect 3,000 to 4,000 by the end of the year.  As we noted previously, we are not expecting a material financial contribution from the Arizona plan in 2018 or 2019. Now let me update you on Florida. As you may recall, we went through a renewal RFP with the state. Although initially unsuccessful, we filed a protest with the state. Florida's Agency for Health Care Administration, or AHCA, recognized the merits of the protest and notified us of their intent to award Magellan a Medicaid contract to continue servicing members with Serious Mental Illness in Regions 4, 5 and 7 alongside another managed care plan. This new contract begins in the first quarter of 2019 and runs through September 30, 2023. While we are disappointed that we were -- we'll not be able to continue to service all of our existing Florida members going forward, we appreciate the continued opportunity to collaborate with the state to improve healthcare outcomes through our innovative, cost-effective and proven integrated model. In our behavioral health carve-out business, I am happy to report that Magellan has been awarded a contract with Louisiana's Coordinated System of Care for the next three years with two one-year renewals. Similar to the current ASO contract, we will continue to provide wraparound and family support services to members, but now on a risk basis. This program helps to ensure that young people at risk of out of home placement with significant behavioral health challenges are able to receive the supports and services they need. Since March of 2012, Magellan has served over 10,000 Louisiana youth in the program, and over 70% of the participants have exhibited improved behavioral health outcomes. Now let me provide you with some of the quarterly operational highlights for Magellan Rx. In our Part D business, we elected, through the 2019 bidding process, to reduce our footprint and focus on renewing only our four largest regions, representing approximately 60% of our total PDP enrollment. Our bid rates were below the benchmark rates in all four regions that we bid. And as a result, we will retain our auto assigned low-income members for 2019.  As we mentioned in the past, our participation in the PDP business is primarily a capability play for managed care PBM business, and the experience and capabilities that we've developed to date in Part D differentiate us from many of the other next year PBMs in the marketplace. Magellan's core commercial PBM pipeline remains strong. We're expecting healthy new business growth for 2019 in both our managed care and employer books. We have also continued to see traction as we move up market with larger employers. On the specialty pharmacy carve-out business, we continue to focus on responding to the competitive environment by reshaping the way we sell our products and services. Specifically, we are proactively engaging with our customers to enhance our product offerings, expand our services, and deliver incremental savings, while extending contract terms. While we have not experienced any material new terminations, termination notification since our second quarter earning call, I remind you that the notifications we experienced earlier this year will have an incremental earnings impact in 2019.  We've also launched a broad initiative to improve the cost of goods sold within our Pharmacy business. This includes re-contracting our pharmacy network rates, improving terms for our specialty formulary management, and reducing our drug acquisition costs for our distribution business. We acknowledge this has been a challenging year for Magellan. Within Healthcare, we continue to focus on managing the cost of care, while improving quality. In Pharmacy, we are focused on continued growth in our core PBM business, retaining specialty carve-out customers and improving the, our cost of goods sold. From an infrastructure and administrative perspective, we need to become more efficient across the company to enhance our competitive position.  We have already begun to consolidate platforms, deploy technology and review current structures and processes for improved operational efficiencies. We'll be sharing more details on these initiatives on our guidance call in December. Before turning the call over to Jon, I'd like to emphasize that while our strategy has not changed and we've achieved strong top line growth, we are working to ensure we achieve earnings commensurate with this growth. We continue to focus on delivering innovative solutions for the fastest growing, most complex healthcare areas. In the short term, we expect the environment to remain challenging, but we see significant long term opportunity in both our Healthcare and Pharmacy businesses. We acknowledge that our financial results have been below our expectations. We are focused on partnering with our customers to increase the quality of healthcare for our members, while effectively managing both the cost of care and administrative expenses. Now I'll turn the time over to our Chief Financial Officer, Jon Rubin. Jon?
Jon Rubin: Thanks, Barry, and good morning, everyone. Prior to commenting on the financials, I'd like to note that we're revising the Healthcare operating results table in our 10-Q to provide detailed metrics on our MCC business, given its growth and significance to our strategy. For comparative purposes, we've provided a quarterly historical reclassification of this information from first quarter 2017 through third quarter 2018 as an additional exhibit within this morning's earnings release. Now with respect to the financials, on this morning's call, I'll review the third quarter results, discuss our revised outlook for the full year, and provide some initial commentary on our 2019 business plan. For the quarter, revenue was approximately $1.9 billion, which represents an increase of 31% over the same period in 2017. This increase was mainly driven by net business growth and the annualization of revenue from prior year acquisitions.  Net income was $27.1 million and EPS was $1.09. This compares to net income and EPS of $32.5 million and $1.32, respectively, for the third quarter of 2017. Adjusted net income was $36.2 million and adjusted EPS was $1.45. This compares to adjusted net income of $40.4 million and adjusted EPS of $1.64 for the prior year quarter. Segment profit was $88.3 million for the third quarter compared to $87.7 million in the prior year quarter. For Healthcare business, segment profit for the third quarter of 2018 was $61.7 million, which represents an increase of 7% compared to the third quarter of 2017. Healthcare results for the quarter include net favorable out of period adjustments of approximately $22 million, largely driven by favorable client settlements.  Other material drivers of the quarterly change in segment profit included the incremental operating losses in Virginia and the impact of the October 2017 rate reduction in Florida, partially offset by the incremental earnings contribution from the Senior Whole Health acquisition that closed on October 31, 2017. Now turning to Pharmacy management. We reported segment profit of $33.6 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2018, which was a decrease of 13% from the third quarter of 2017. This year-over-year decrease was primarily driven by a decline in earnings in our specialty carve-out business, resulting from lost formulary management contracts, which we discussed on our second quarter earnings call. Regarding other financial results, corporate costs inclusive of eliminations, but excluding stock compensation expense, totaled $7 million compared to $8.5 million in the third quarter of 2017. This change was due to costs in the prior year quarter related to the Senior Whole Health acquisition. Total direct service and operating expenses excluding stock compensation expense and changes in fair value of contingent consideration were 13.8% of revenue in the current quarter compared to 15.4% in the prior year quarter. This decrease was primarily due to the acquisition of Senior Whole Health, net growth, lower discretionary benefit expenses, and a change in business mix. Stock compensation expense for the current quarter was $9.3 million, a decrease of $1 million from the prior year quarter. The reduction was largely attributable to restricted stock issued on part of the CDMI acquisition that vested in 2017. The effective income tax rate for the 9 months ended September 30, 2018 was 26.3% versus 34.4% in the prior year. The change in tax rates was largely due to the reduction in base rate, as a result of the 2017 Tax Act, partially offset by the impact of the non-deductible Health Insurer Fee reinstituted in 2018. We anticipate a full year effective income tax rate of approximately 30%. Our cash flow from operations for the 9 months ended September 30, 2018 was $34 million. This compares to cash flow from operations of $112.7 million for the prior year period. This year-over-year change is primarily related to the timing of receivable collections from states in our MCC business. As of September 30, 2018, the company's unrestricted cash and investments totaled $232.2 million compared to $261.2 million at December 31, 2017. Approximately $134.2 million of the unrestricted cash and investments at September 30, 2018, is related to excess capital and undistributed earnings held at regulated entities. Restricted cash and investments at September 30, 2018 decreased to $380.8 million from $465.4 million at December 31, 2017. This decrease was primarily due to accounts receivable increases as well as improved capital efficiency achieved through substituting a letter of credit for statutory surplus in one of our MCC markets. Year-to-date through October 31, 2018, we repurchased approximately 680,000 shares for $53.2 million. We have approximately $200 million remaining in our share repurchase authorization program, which runs through October 22, 2020. Now, as Barry mentioned, we're updating our guidance to reflect the following items. First, utilization pressure in our Healthcare business, and we're actively working on executing action plans to mitigate this pressure. Second, in MCC of Virginia, the unfavorable update to our expected risk scores for 2018. Third, modestly lower margins in our Pharmacy business as a result of delayed timing of network rate improvement actions. And finally, as a result of our operating efficiency initiatives, we're including an initial estimate of severance and other costs that we expect to recognize in 2018. As a result of the above, we're revising our 2018 full year earnings guidance ranges to the following. Net income of $68 million to $88 million; EPS in the range of $2.71 to $3.51; segment profit of $290 million to $310 million; adjusted net income of $107 million to $123 million; and adjusted EPS in the range of $4.26 to $4.90. In addition, we're in the process of finalizing our business plan for 2019 and we'll provide detailed guidance in early December.  In advance of the 2019 guidance call, I'll now provide some high-level commentary. To start, our 2018 guidance range for segment profit needs to be adjusted by three factors to arrive at a run rate. First, our year-to-date results include approximately $26 million of net favorable out of period adjustments. Second, our full-year 2018 segment profit guidance includes the benefit of approximately $6 million related to the provision for non-deductibility of the Health Insurer Fee, which will be suspended in 2019. And finally, our updated 2018 segment profit guidance includes $10 million to $20 million of expected severance and other related costs. After adjusting for these three items, our 2018 normalized segment profit run rate would be in the range of $270 million to $290 million. We currently expect that 2019 segment profit will be roughly consistent with this normalized range for 2018. Key drivers of the segment profit increases in 2019 are anticipated to be cost of care initiatives for MCC Virginia and other healthcare contracts, the annualization of new business sold during calendar year 2018, the impact of new business effective in 2019 and same-store growth within existing contracts.  We expect these increases will be essentially offset in 2019 by the following headwinds. The reduction in our MCC footprint in Florida, which will result in the contract providing an immaterial contribution to earnings in 2019; the impact of lost contracts; and the impact of the lower level of discretionary benefits in 2018, which we expect to normalize in 2019. In summary, while we're not pleased with our results this year, I'm confident that our growth strategy is sound. After transforming our business and achieving strong top line growth over the past few years, we have significant earnings power in our current portfolio, as we work to increase our margins to industry-competitive levels. We're continuing to further develop our multi-year earnings improvement plan to achieve this, and we'll provide more details on this plan and the execution timeline on our call in early December, when we provide 2019 guidance. With that, I'll now turn the call back over to the operator, and we'll be happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we will go to our first response from David Styblo with Jefferies. Your line is open.
David Styblo : Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Maybe I just want to start out with the commentary about the severance cuts that you guys are making. Can you help us understand what parts of the business those are coming from, what duties or roles those are related to? Just trying to get my arms around the cuts that you might be making. And does that create some risk or jeopardize your ability to manage costs at a time when they probably need some extra attention and focus on the initiatives across both sides of the business there?
Barry Smith: Well, David, there are -- thanks for the good question, David, and for joining us today. There are several initiatives we've got underway. We have some business, for example, in the State of Florida today, where we have roughly 40% of the covered lives we had from this year and the prior years. So some of the severance is related to contracts that have terminated that we're transitioning.  The other thing that we're looking at very closely are both spans and layers within the company, meaning that we have, we want to be, make sure that we're designing our processes to be far more efficient, and so over the next little while, we'll be looking at the opportunities to create a more efficient organization. So we'll get back to you with more detailed information on our update for the guidance call for 2019 on December 7.
David Styblo: Okay. Obviously, this, you guys talked about this being a challenging year, and some of these things, sometimes you win, [indiscernible] contracts or the new contracts in Virginia have had some startup issues. I guess we don't hear some peers talking about some of the same issues in Virginia, maybe it's because they are so much larger and it gets covered up a little bit more. But I'm just curious to hear your perspective on what's maybe happening in Virginia, specifically.  Do you guys think that that, as a whole, can get to a profitable margin, say, in the next 2 to 3 years like most contract peers? Is there something structurally different about that award? And then, I know you don't want to get too far into 2019 guidance, but what, do you expect that business to be losing money again in 2019?
Barry Smith: We'll split the question in 2 parts. Let me kind of give you kind of the overhead, overall response there. Virginia is a little bit different for Magellan. In that, we were the only new entrant in the state, both for the ABD population at the first of the year for the CCC as well as for the Medicaid expansion. So for us, we are building the infrastructure, building the management processes within the state, managing cost of care and building those processes and systems. So for us, it's new work, work that we're learning from and work that we're implementing. So it's a bit different than most of the established MCOs. The second thing I would say is that this implementation process of 3 different implementations roughly in 15 to 18 months is very unusual. It's a good new story we believe, because the state likes the work that we've done, we have great credibility with the state, and they've awarded us incremental business.  So that's a good new story. But when you implement 3 times in a row in phased-in implementations, it does create a lot of overhead within the operation and a lot of challenge to both manage cost of care, as well as making sure that we hit the targets the state of set, has set in terms of the dates of implementation and the processes. So we feel good about what we've done there. We have a great reputation in the state, and above all else, we're going to make sure that we maintain those proper relationships and service levels for the members that we serve. So that's all worked out really well, but again we're very different than the other providers in the state, because, again, we've done 3 new implementations that were new to the state. Jon?
Jon Rubin: Yes. And couple of other things I'd just mention, David, one being that, on top of that, again, given what Barry said about us being new to the market, we also are, in a sense, having the rates settle as well through the risk adjustment process. So this year, based on the preliminary risk scores that we've received, we think we will see some incremental pressure which is built into the guidance this year. So we had talked about coming into this quarter in a couple of different phases, we were, we had startup losses in Virginia order of magnitude in the $35 million range. The risk scores put an additional $10 million of pressure on top of that this year. That is short-term, and that we've received 2019 draft rates, and actually those are more in line when you take into account both the base rates and the risk scores to what we expected. So we expect the pressure on that side to be short-term.  As we think about 2019, again, we're not in the point where we're going to give guidance, but to at least directionally answer your question. We think we still could see some losses in Virginia. Again as Barry said, we have a whole new population coming on with the expansion population, but do think that, and do expect an, as we think about our business plan for next year, significant improvement.  Long-term though, we see every opportunity for this contract to be running at normal Medicaid margins. If you think to the earnings power over time, and I would look at that as probably a two-year period, it's pretty significant. So we're still very bullish long term on the contract. Operationally, things have gone well. The relationship with the state is very strong. And we're in a, in the mode now of executing on a number of initiatives to get there over the multi-year period.
Barry Smith: And let me just add on to Jon's comment, and we'll use Virginia as an example. But with MCC, we've actually invested more resources both for MCC enterprise across the board, as well as locally to make sure that we're on top of appropriate medical cost management. We want to do the right thing by our members. We've just recently hired a new MCC CMO, for example; very experienced Medicaid medical loss ratio management. And we've hired a new analytics lead for MCC. So we've been investing pretty heavily within MCC to manage the very issue that you've brought up.
David Styblo: Okay. Thanks. My last one is, you commented earlier about extended resources, just as you guys were implementing new contracts and so forth. I guess, as you go forward right now, is there, does there need to be a shift in strategy in terms of growth? In other words, do you guys maybe need to put the brakes on growth and work on just improving the challenges that you guys had before you? Or do you think you can still pursue other growth opportunities, particularly some of the larger RFPs that are coming out in the market and across Medicaid in the next 6 to 12 months?
Barry Smith: We absolutely do believe that we need to digest what we've already consumed and be very thoughtful about what we bring on to the chassis. We think there are great opportunities coming out, but we've actually already started to moderate our view and been highly selective of those RFPs that we respond to. There are opportunities though in the future that we continue to develop. So I wouldn't say that we're going to stop drilling, we certainly won't, but we will be very, very selective in terms of the RFPs, the state, the programs that we do pursue.
Jon Rubin: The other thing, just to add quickly to that, David, is that, in addition to what Barry said, we'll look selectively at new markets to expand into, maybe it's one a year that we'll be focused on versus trying to do more than that. There is significant growth opportunity within our existing markets. And part of what we need to do, when you think about Florida, Arizona and even our other MCC markets, is not just to make sure we're stabilizing and operating at high levels, but also looking at expansion opportunities and getting to scale in each of those markets.  So part of the strategy that Barry was describing is really wanting to solidify and grow in our existing markets while we're selectively looking at other markets, but definitely on a more measured pace.
David Styblo: Understood. Thanks. I'll step back for others.
Barry Smith: Great. Thanks, Dave.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question we have in queue is Michael Baker with Raymond James. Your line is open.
Michael Baker: Yes, I was looking on the Pharmacy side to get some color on the delays in the network rates, what's kind of driving that? And then secondarily, it sounds like some competitors are also adjusting their model, so maybe you can give us a sense for what the future you see might look like on the Pharmacy side.
Barry Smith: Yes. Thanks for the good question, Michael. We look at really 3 areas of opportunity within Pharmacy. One is clearly the pharmacy network. We've already made some strides and locked in some savings for 2018 -- later 2018 going into 2019. We still are continuing to negotiate, as we've built massive volume, as we add new employer business to our book of business, and we've had and will have significant growth in that space as well. So it's an ongoing process. So I wouldn't say that we've been delayed. It's actually we're having more and more success as we grow mass and scale. So again, we're working on those things, we're working with the national providers, and those -- that dialog is ongoing. And we hope to have those things included in the relatively near future. We also focused on formulary management. These are the high-cost specialty drugs, of course. We have some real opportunities to impact even more some of these large target drug classes that represent large cost for our customers. And so we continue to expand our focus on opportunities within the formulary management business. And then also with the drug acquisition cost, we're looking for opportunities to reduce the drug costs for mail order, both specialty and non-specialty. So these are 3 areas that we are working simultaneously. And I would say that the pharmacy network piece of it, particularly, we do have a few larger network opportunities that we hope to close in the near future.
Jon Rubin: Yes, and just one quick detailed point on that. Mike, in terms of some of the comments in the script around the timing of these actions, there were some specific actions that Barry had referenced that, from a timing standpoint, we had expected to be implemented for third quarter that has slipped a little bit to later in the year. So it's very temporary, it has impact on both third quarter and the guidance for the full year. But long term, we expect to achieve the same benefits that are actually well on our way to getting there.
Michael Baker: And then, finally, just wondering if you could give us the sense of the size of the specialty carve-out business within Pharmacy, given the fact that it seems like that's the one that's pressured the most versus other segments which have growth opportunities to it?
Jon Rubin: Yes. So in the specialty pharmacy carve-out business, if you looked at actuals for 2017, we were running roughly in the $90 million range. If you look at the results through 3 quarters, and again, all the information will be in the Q, we'd expect that. And this is -- these are revenue numbers to be run rating at around the mid-70s this year. And given some of the terminations we've had, we expect it to be a little bit lower in 2019. But one thing I would underscore is, although there's a lot of opportunities in PBM, there are still opportunities in the specialty carve-out space as well. Again, we've gone through some temporary challenges as a result of some of the short term aggressive pricing we've seen in this segment. But we still continue to see opportunities, have them in the pipeline and actually are still selling business. So I wouldn't look at that as just a legacy business, but one that we will continue to pursue.
Michael Baker: Thanks a lot. 
Jon Rubin: You got it.
Barry Smith: Thanks Michael.
Operator: Thank you. We have no further questions.
Barry Smith: Well, we appreciate you joining us today on our earnings call, and we'll be back to you on December 7 with our guidance for 2019. Thank you for joining us.
Operator: We thank you all for your participation in today's conference. That will conclude the call. You may now disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Edmund Kroll - SVP, Finance & IR Michael Neidorff - Chairman & CEO Jeffrey Schwaneke - EVP & CFO Kevin Counihan - SVP, Products Chris Koster - SVP-Corporate Services Jesse N. Hunter - Chief Strategy Officer, EVP-Mergers & Acquisition
Analysts: Stephen Valiquette - Barclays Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs Joshua Raskin - Nephron Research Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Lance Wilkes - Sanford Bernstein David Styblo - Jefferies & Company Sarah James - Piper Jaffray Matthew Borsch - BMO Capital Markets Peter Costa - Wells Fargo Michael Newshel - Evercore ISI A. J. Rice - Credit Suisse Zack Sopcak - Morgan Stanley Justin Lake - Wolfe Research David MacDonald - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Gary Taylor - JP Morgan Chase & Co. Ana Gupte - Leerink Partners
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to the Centene Corporation 2018 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] And please note that today's event is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to Ed Kroll, Senior Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Edmund Kroll: Thank you, William. Thank you, William, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on our 2018 second quarter earnings results conference call. Michael Neidorff, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Jeff Schwaneke, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Centene, will host this morning's call, which can also be accessed through our Web site at Centene.com. A replay will be available shortly after the call's completion also at Centene.com or by dialing 877-344-7529 in the U.S. and Canada, or in other countries by dialing 412-317-0088. The playback code for both of those dial-ins is 10121638. Any remarks that Centene may make about future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor Provision under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in Centene's most recently filed Form 10-Q dated today, July 24, 2018, the 10-K -- most recent 10-K we filed on February 20, 2018 and other public SEC filings. Centene anticipates that subsequent events and developments will cause its estimates to change. While the company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. This call will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures, thats Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, non-GAAP measures, a reconciliation of these measures with the most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our second quarter 2018 press release, which is available on our Web site at centene.com under the Investors section. Finally, a reminder that our third quarter earnings results call will be held on Tuesday October 23, at 8:30 Eastern Time, followed by our next Investor Day on Friday, December 14, which as always will be held in New York City. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Michael Neidorff. Michael?
Michael Neidorff: Thank you, Ed. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining Centene's second quarter 2018 earnings call. During the course of this morning's call, we will discuss our second quarter results and provide updates on Centene's markets and products. We will also discuss the recent Fidelis Care acquisition closing and additionally we will provide commentary around the healthcare legislation -- legislative and regulatory environment. Let me begin with Fidelis. We are very pleased to have closed the acquisition effective July 1. I would like to remind you of the strategic and financial benefits of the transaction. Fidelis is a diversified leader in government sponsored programs across the State of New York. Fidelis takes a local approach to providing high quality affordable healthcare to lower income vulnerable populations. New York is the second largest Medicaid managed care state. With Fidelis our New York's health plan, Centene is now a leader in four of the largest Medicaid managed care states. Fidelis is ranked number one in state sponsored programs in New York. It is the fastest growing New York Medicaid and managed long-term care plan, as well as the second fastest growing New York Medicare Advantage plan. It is the only plan that operate Medicaid CHIP, and managed long-term care plans in all 62 counties in the State. Through the incorporation of our data analytics tools, such as Interpreta and RxAdvance, as well as Case Management and Critical programs, we will be able to further build upon the quality of care and enhance the existing capabilities of Fidelis. We expect the transaction to be immediately accretive to GAAP EPS. We anticipate high single-digit percentage accretion to adjusted EPS in the first 12 months following the close, and low to mid teens percentage accretion to adjusted EPS in the second full-year following the close. We also anticipate generating approximately $25 million in pre-tax net synergies in the first 12 months, and $100 million in pre-tax net synergies in year two. These synergies will primarily be attributable to our medical management programs and specialty services. On a run rate basis, we expect Fidelis to add over $11 billion in revenue and over $500 million in adjusted EBITDA, including net synergies. The planning portion of the integration process was completed prior to closing. Our integration team did extensive work to provide a smooth and seamless combination. We were able to hit the ground running, the day of the close and the integration is progressing as expected or better than expected. Next, I will provide an update on the healthcare legislative and regulatory environments. In early July, pursuant to discussions with the Department of Justice, the administration took the position to freeze the risk adjustment payments for 2017 and 2018. This is pending its appeal of the New Mexico Federal Court's decision. The administration along with congressional leadership has made it clear that they are seeking a timely resolution of this matter. We expect that CMS will bring clarity and a fair resolution to the issue. Last week we're pleased to see that CMS had an interim final rule to the OMB that would allow for the resumption of risk adjustment payments. Consistent with our approach to sound public policy, Centene will continue to advocate for the risk adjustment program to continue in the manner for which it was designed. Now onto second quarter 2018 financials. We're pleased to report another strong quarter marked by solid top and bottom line growth. Membership at quarter end was 12.8 million recipients. This represents an increase of approximately 585,000 beneficiaries over the second quarter of 2017. Second quarter revenues increased 19% year-over-year to $14.2 billion. The HBR decreased 60 basis points year-over-year to 85.7%. This was attributable to growth in the marketplace business and the reinstatement of the health insurance space. The adjusted SG&A expense ratio increased 30 basis points year-over-year to 9.6%. This was primarily related to the growth in our marketplace business. We reported adjusted second quarter diluted earnings per share of $1.80 as previewed at our June Investor Day. This excludes the $0.12 charge to reflect a retroactive charge in California's minimum MLR. Consistent with our expectations, adjusted net earnings have developed in a quarterly pattern similar to last year. Jeff will provide further financial details including updated 2018 guidance in his prepared remarks. A quick comment on medical cost. We continue to see as well as anticipate overall stable medical cost trends. This is consistent with our expectations in the low single digits. Moving onto market and product updates. First, we will discuss recent Medicaid activity. During 2018, we began operating under a statewide contract with Illinois Medicaid Managed Care program. Implementation dates vary by region and most of the membership came on during April. This expanded contract significantly increased Centene's footprint in the state. At quarter end, we served approximately 330,000 beneficiaries, representing a sequential increase of approximately 120,000 members. Additionally, Centene will be the sole plan serving the state's foster care program. This contract is expected to commence in the fourth quarter of 2018. This membership will be incremental to the 330,000 beneficiaries I just noted. Florid. In May, Centene successfully re-procured it's contracts, providing physical and behavioral healthcare services to Florida statewide Medicaid Managed Care program. We have expanded our presence under the new contract and we will now be operating statewide providing comprehensive MMA and long-term care services to all 11 regions in the state. Additionally, Centene will remain as Florida's sole child welfare specialty plan in all 11 regions. The new contract is expected to commence December 1, 2018 to run through September of 2023. Iowa. Also in May, Centene was awarded a statewide contract for Iowa's Medicaid Managed Care program. We are pleased to have won this contract as it was a reprocurement of an existing contract and Centene was not an incumbent. The Iowa Health claims program provides integrated Medicaid managed care coverage, including long-term care and behavioral health to over 600,000 beneficiaries in the state. This contract is expected to commence on July 1, 2019. Washington. As part of the state's reprocurement process, Centene was selected to serve Medicaid beneficiaries under the Apple Health Managed Care program in four regional service areas. We will be serving a total of five RSAs once it is fully implemented. This new program now initiates physical and behavioral health. The contract will be phased in two stages. The first commencing on January 1, 2019, and the second on January 1, 2020. Centene continues to serve all regions to our foster care program in Washington. Kansas. In June, Centene successfully re-procured its contract to serve Medicaid beneficiaries under the Can Care program statewide. This new contract is expected to begin January 1, 2019. Next, Centurion, Arizona. In May, Centurion was awarded a contract to provide comprehensive healthcare services to detainees of adult and juvenile detention facilities in Pima County, Arizona that commenced on July 1. We are providing a wide array of medical dental behavioral health services to the county's daily population of approximately 1,900 detainees. Additionally, Centene renewed correctional contracts in Florida, New Hampshire and Tennessee. These new contracts all commenced on July 1. Now Health Net Federal Services. In July, Health Net Federal Services was awarded the next generation Military & Family Life Counseling Program contract. Under this contract, we will deploy license behavioral health counselors on assignments throughout the United States, U.S territories, and countries where U.S military is deployed. The contract term is up to 10 years including multiple 1-year option periods/ On the Medicare. At June 30, we served approximately 344,000 Medicare and MMP beneficiaries. This represents a year-over-year increase of more than 16,000 members. With the close of the Fidelis acquisition, we're now assuming Medicare Advantage members in New York. We remain focused on building a successful Medicare business over the long-term. We expect this business to be a significant driver of our annual growth rate. Next, Health Insurance marketplace. The marketplace business continue to perform well in the second quarter, consistent with our expectations. At June 30, we served over 1.5 million exchange members, representing sequential decline of approximately 100,000 beneficiaries. This is due to normal attrition and is in line with our expectations. Including Fidelis, we now serve and offer exchange products in 16 states. Shifting gears to our rate outlook. We continue to expect a composite Medicaid rate adjustment of an increase of approximately 1% in 2018. In conclusion, our strong second quarter results are continued evidence of Centene's financial strength and operational capabilities. The acquisition of Fidelis further enhances our scale and position as a diversified healthcare enterprise, a leader in government sponsored healthcare. Our pipeline of growth opportunities remains robust. We are positioning Centene for the future by continuing to invest in systems, people and other capabilities. This will enable us to sustain our growth as well as continue to expand our margins. We thank you for your continued interest in Centene. And I will now turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Thank you, Michael, and good morning. This morning we reported strong second quarter 2018 results with total revenues of $14.2 billion, an increase of 19% over 2017 and adjusted diluted earnings per share of $1.80, an increase of 13% over last year. Earnings for the quarter were driven by the performance in the 2018 marketplace business, providing a favorable HBR. Additionally, we had higher investment income during the quarter due to the funds associated with the Fidelis acquisition and higher interest rates that was offset by slightly higher tax rate at the result of revisions to our share of the health insurer fee. I will provide more details on this in a minute. Additionally, during the second quarter, we completed the previously announced MHM acquisition and completed the financing transactions for the Fidelis acquisition, which closed July 1. Let me provide some more details for the quarter. Total revenues grew by approximately $2.2 billion year-over-year, primarily as a result of growth in the health insurance marketplace business, the expansion in new programs in many of our states in 2017 and 2018, including the Illinois contract expansion and the Pennsylvania LTSS program. Acquisitions including MHM, CMG and Foundation Care, the return of the health insurer fee for 2018, and as highlighted in our June Investor Day, approximately $500 million of pass-through payments from the State of California received in the second quarter that were recorded in premium tax revenue and premium tax expense. This growth was partially offset by lower revenues in California associated with the removal of the in-home support services program for managed care, which took effect in January of 2018. Moving on to HBR. Our health benefits ratio was 85.7% in the second quarter this year compared to 86.3% in last year's second quarter and 84.3% in the first quarter of 2018. The decrease year-over-year is primarily driven by the growth in the marketplace business and the reinstatement of the health insurer fee in 2018. This was partially offset by recognition of the changes associated with the California Medicaid expansion, MLR rebates. As we highlighted at our Investor Day in June, we recorded a reduction in revenue and earnings of approximately $30 million pre-tax associated with the changes in the MLR rebate. This increased our HBR for the quarter by approximately 20 basis points. Sequentially the 140 basis point increase in HBR from the first quarter of 2018 is primarily attributable to the seasonality of the marketplace product, which has a lower HBR in the first quarter due to the effect of deductibles and a recognition of the California MLR changes, which I previously mentioned. These HBR increases were partially offset by the decrease in flu related costs over the first quarter of 2018. Before I get into SG&A, let me provide an update on the marketplace business. The reconciliation of the 2017 risk adjustment benefited the quarter by approximately $79 million pre-tax and was in line with our expectations consistent from a percentage perspective to prior year, and as such was included in our guidance. As widely publicized, the risk adjustment transfers for 2017 had been suspended. We did not change our accounting for the risk adjustment program and continue to utilize the statewide average premiums record our risk adjustment estimates for 2017 and 2018. We will await final determination on the issue before we consider any potential adjustment to our accounting. Just beside the potential effect, if the risk adjustment program were to use each carrier specific premiums versus the statewide average premiums, our net risk adjustable -- adjustment payable would decrease by approximately $100 million pre-tax for the 2017 benefit year. Again, our second quarter accounting remains consistent with prior periods. Now onto SG&A. Our adjusted selling, general and administrative expense ratio was 9.6% in the second quarter of this year compared to 9.3% last year and 10.3% in the first quarter of 2018. The year-over-year increase was primarily a result of growth in the health insurance marketplace business, which operates at a higher SG&A expense ratio. The sequential decrease is primarily due to the open enrollment cost incurred in the marketplace product in the first quarter, lower acquisition related expenses and lower variable compensation costs. Additionally, we spent $0.04 per diluted share on business expansion cost during the quarter compared to $0.07 per diluted share last year. Our effective income tax rate for the second quarter was 36.9% compared to 40.1% in the second quarter of 2017. The lower tax rate was driven by the effect of income tax reform in 2018, partially offset by the return of the health insurer fee. Additionally, as mentioned earlier, our tax rate was negatively affected during the quarter by a true-up associated with our estimated portion of the health insurer fee. Now onto the balance sheet. Cash and investments totaled $15 billion at quarter end, including $3.5 billion held by unregulated subsidiaries. As a reminder, total cash and investments at the end of the quarter included the capital raise to complete the Fidelis acquisition, which closed on July 1. Our risk-based capital percentage for NAIC filers continues to be in excess of 350% of the authorized control level. Debt at quarter end was $6.3 billion and there were no borrowings on a revolving credit facility at quarter end. Our debt to capital ratio was 36.7%, excluding our nonrecourse mortgage note, and construction loan compared to 42.1% at the second quarter of last year and 40.3% at the first quarter of 2018. Consistent with our past practice ,we used equity as a significant component to fund various investments and acquisitions completed in the second quarter as well as to fund the Fidelis acquisition which closed earlier this month. We ended the second quarter with a debt to capital ratio that was 360 basis points lower than the first quarter of 2018 excluding our nonrecourse debt. Our medical claims liability totaled $5 billion at quarter end and represents 44 days in claims payable compared to 43 days for the first quarter of 2018. The increase in DCP is the result of growth in the health insurance marketplace business, growth in new and existing markets and the timing of claims payments. Cash flow used in operations was $526 million in the second quarter. As expected and highlighted during our Investor Day in June, cash flow for the quarter was negatively impacted by the repayment of approximately $630 million to the State of California for rate overpayments. In addition, we expect approximately $400 million to be paid to the State of California during the remainder of the year for the Medicaid expansion MLR rebates. Before we discuss the changes to our 2018 annual guidance, let me spend a few minutes updating you on the Fidelis acquisition. As Michael mentioned in his comments, on July 1, 2018, we acquired substantially all the assets of Fidelis Care for approximately $3.75 billion in cash. The integration is well underway and we expect to achieve half of the $25 million year one synergies in 2018. Additionally, we continue to expect the transaction to deliver our previously communicated accretion targets. Now onto our annual guidance. We have increased our 2018 annual adjusted diluted earnings per share guidance by $0.03 to reflect the performance in the second quarter and we have updated our annual GAAP EPS guidance for the following items. First, an increase of $0.03 per diluted share reflecting the performance for the second quarter. Second, a decrease of $0.12 per diluted share to reflect the impact of the retroactive minimum medical loss ratio changes recognized in the second quarter under California's Medicaid Expansion program that we previewed at our June Investor Day. Finally, a decrease of $0.03 per diluted share to reflect an increase in acquisition related expenses associated with the Fidelis Care acquisition. In summary, our updated full-year 2018 guidance is as follows: total revenues of $59.2 billion to $60 billion. GAAP diluted earnings per share of $4.25 to $4.57, adjusted diluted earnings per share of $6.80 to $7.16, HBR of 85.9% to 86.4%, SG&A ratio of 10.2% to 10.7%, adjusted SG&A ratio of 9.49% to 9.9%, and effective tax rate of 34% to 36% and diluted shares outstanding of 198.7 million to 199.7 million shares. Just to note that the share count is for the full-year and not the third and fourth quarters. The third and fourth quarters will include the shares issued to fund the Fidelis acquisition and will be closer to 209 million to 210 million shares. Additionally, adjusted net earnings has continued to trend similar to last year. In summary, we were pleased with the strong performance in the second quarter and the completion of the Fidelis acquisition that we expect to continue to drive long-term growth and margin expansion. That concludes my remarks and operator you may now open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. And we will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first questioner today will be Stephen Valiquette with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Stephen Valiquette: Great. Thanks. Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions.
Michael Neidorff: Good morning.
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Good morning.
Stephen Valiquette: And so were getting a few questions around the risk adjustment payments. And I guess as you mentioned, the benefit of $79 million but also last year $48 million and $70 million the year before that, so from my point of view, it doesnt really seem to be a trend out of the ordinary. I can imagine it would suggest that it was in your guidance, so Im just -- to me it seems like theyre pretty consistent trend and it has not changed in accounting, but maybe just more color around why people maybe seem to be kind of concerned about that. To me it seems like theyre pretty consistent trend?
Michael Neidorff: Well, I will just give you little more detail, but you got it precisely right. The accounting has been consistent, margins, percentages. This is something we would do in the business for five years now and our accounting group understands it, knows how to book it. And it is in the guidance and Jeff you may want to give a little more color around that?
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Yes, yes. Just on and I agree with your comments and I guess our view is to Michael's point, it's been consistent. Weve been doing this program for five years. There's I think more stability. You have to go back to last year and remember that we had added conservatism to our guidance last year for the exchange because it was post-election. So fast forward to where we are today, there's more stability in the program and we have a track record and certainly a history of having development on this estimate just like we have on IBNR and any other estimate that we have in the business.
Stephen Valiquette: Okay. Thats helpful. Thanks.
Operator: And our next questioner today will be Steve Tanal with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Stephen Tanal: Hi, guys. Just -- I guess, following up on that, just a broader question on the exchanges in '19 that -- with respect to the risk adjustment program as well as the mandate going away, how is that affecting your approach, if at all, what you expect to see on the exchanges in terms of market share and shifts or competition? Any comments there would be helpful.
Michael Neidorff: Kevin, you want to comment on that?
Kevin Counihan: Sure. Hi, good morning. We remained very bullish about the exchange business both for ourselves and also the stability of the market. So we're expecting ongoing growth in our business. We think it remains very, very stable and we're very enthusiastic about open enrollment coming up.
Michael Neidorff: Yes, remember the past couple of years, we retained 80% of the previous year's enrollees, which I think speaks for itself.
Stephen Tanal: Perfect. And I guess just a separate question, just to the deals that were done in the quarter, MHM services and community medical group, I would be curious if you could break out regarding the quarter, I guess, that would just be -- it would be helpful to know what kind of revenue and earnings to expect from those two companies going forward?
Michael Neidorff: Jeff?
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Yes, we didn't give any specific revenue earnings guidance on those. Just a couple things I can tell you on where those revenues show up. For CMG, there's some risk-based revenue there, so that shows up in our premium revenue. MHM is going to be in the service line.
Stephen Tanal: Okay. Thats helpful. Thank you guys.
Operator: And our next questioner today will be Josh Raskin with Nephron Research. Please go ahead.
Joshua Raskin: Thanks. First question just around the timing of Texas Star Plus. It sounds like there's a resubmission that you guys have been asked to give 30 days as of a week ago or so. So is that a full resubmission? You got to resubmit responses to the entire RFP, or is that just going to be responding to the updates? Just trying to get a better sense of the timing.
Michael Neidorff: Chris, I will ask you to respond to that.
Chris Koster: Thanks, Michael. Josh, as far as we know the RFP was reissued late yesterday. We do, as you mentioned, have 30 days. It's due on August 22 and as far as I know it is a full resubmission of the RFP at this point in time. And they have moved the projected implementation date from 1/1/20 to 6/1/20 as well. So 
Joshua Raskin: Okay. Sounds pretty. I mean, it sounds like a full blown RFP resubmission in 30 days sounds tough. So, I guess, I was also surprised to hear that.
Michael Neidorff: Well, I think one has to be prepared to deal with those kinds of issues and were.
Joshua Raskin: Right, right. I guess, you guys are in good shape. Youve already submitted, so really probably have most of the answers. The second question, I'm just curious around a more clinic-based model for Centene, and what the benefits would be to have more sort of brick-and-mortar type centers, even if they were leased or partnered or whatever, and how that would impact the Medicaid business, specifically. And then, I guess, if there's other commentary around the exchanges or MA for clinic-based model that would be helpful as well.
Michael Neidorff: Yes, I think Ive commented on Investor Days and other conferences that we're not out there buying all the practices we can and all the clinics that we can. We said that the group in -- we brought in Florida, CMG, is scalable if we needed. And it will service well to be able to move into underserved areas, where there's not a -- an adequacy of physician. Pick a county in Texas is somewhere with more rule. This gives us that opportunity to open up a clinic and they can do it efficiently and quickly and protect our membership in that concept. And they have a very efficient operation, they operate with highest of quality, low MLRs. And so we saw that as an opportunity to have an asset that we can apply were needed versus just simply saying it's a national strategy. They serve all the government services Medicaid, Medicare and the exchanges.
Joshua Raskin: Okay. So Michael, you would say you don't really need broad-based clinic help across all of your markets and some sort of retail strategy isn't what you're looking for in there.
Michael Neidorff: We are not trying to buy clinics and have clinics in every market. We are focused where they're needed or where there's a group of physicians that are now going to work with it. We have the capability to go ahead and protect the access that our membership needs.
Joshua Raskin: Perfect. All right. Thanks.
Michael Neidorff: Thank you.
Operator: And our next questioner today will be Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Kevin Fischbeck: Hi. Great, thanks. So just wanted to go back to the risk adjusters for a second. So you're saying that youre -- the way youre accruing for is the way that youve always been accruing for it, but if this loss was to go, I guess, be upheld and your thought is the risk adjusted methodology would change in a way that would essentially be favorable to you to about $100 million to last year. Is that the way to think about it?
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Yes, yes. We quantify 2017. It's really what weve quantified and then who knows how the ultimate resolutions going to come out, but I think what weve quantified is the difference between using the statewide average and carrier specific premiums on the 2017 benefit year. And That was the $100 million pre-tax that I gave you.
Kevin Fischbeck: And your point is that 2017 you were probably a little bit more conservative just because of all the uncertainty there, so if you were to think about 2018 or 2019 run rate number might be a little bit less than that $100 million?
Jeffrey Schwaneke: No, no. What I'm saying is if you look at 2017, the $79 million thats disclosed in our 10-Q, I think it was $48 million in the prior year. And you take that as a percentage of the year-end balance, it's roughly 10%. So it's very consistent year-to-year. And we are using that same methodology for 2018 and the business has actually grown.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. All right. That's helpful. And then, I guess, I wasnt clear if you respond to this in your commentary on the exchanges, if you did, I apologize, but with the risk adjusted methodology, I guess, payments being withheld, does that change at all how you're submitting your rates for next year? And how you think about next year, is there anything in the conversation with the states about kind of a dual submission process with risk adjusters about risk adjuster's old methodology, new methodology?
Michael Neidorff: Kevin?
Kevin Counihan: Hi, it's Kevin. No, it's not. Were very confident that we will be able to maintain as of the carriers are. The rate timeline submission deadline, we are tracking to that. And so we feel comfortable with it.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay, all right. Great. Thanks.
Operator: And our next questioner today will be Lance Wilkes with Sanford Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Lance Wilkes: Good morning.
Michael Neidorff: Good morning.
Lance Wilkes: Two questions for you, kind of DC policy related. One of them is, as you think -- as youre hearing about drug policy and drug pricing policy, be interested in your thoughts as to what the implications might be to the Medicaid -- to your Medicaid business and the public exchange business of a range of approaches that might include elimination of rebates or shift to, like a fixed discount model? And the second question was kind of the -- just trying to understand if you thought there were any policy responses to risk adjustment or corrections there as opposed to just an appeal on the court case.
Michael Neidorff: Yes. I think there's two of them. On your first question with our RxAdvance, we're moving ahead with our Rx program, which we believe will be proven to be much more efficient and its all predicated on what the pricing is, if they come up with a program without to rebates. We have the capability to deal with that very efficiently and effectively. And we are becoming a large enough supplier of pharmaceutical products and purchaser of them that we will be able to buy in quality -- quantity very effectively and efficiently and put that together with RXAdvance and I think we will be in a very strong position versus just a traditional PBM where -- so that part I think will work very well. We also as it relates to the risk adjusters, we have the stated policy that we're comfortable where it is, we believe it will advocate for maintaining as it is, and not look for any short-term benefit for ourselves, but saying this is a matter of public policy. It's been working. Let's leave it alone.
Lance Wilkes: Got you. Thats helpful. And just to be clear on the rebates aspect of it, I would think that from -- the businesses youre in, which are more fully ensured businesses. If there was a conversion to sort of the net pricing business model as opposed to the current rebate model that you would be relatively indifferent, but I wasn't certain if that's exactly how it would work on the Medicaid and on the public exchange side. Is that a that a fair way to think of your exposure?
Michael Neidorff: I think it is. I think with the system capability we have, we can be indifferent to it, because we can very quickly adjust to whatever methodology theyre using. So we are very comfortable with either one and had plan for it, recognizing this could easily happen.
Lance Wilkes: Great. Okay, thank you.
Operator: The next questioner today will be David Windley with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
David Styblo: Hi, there. It's Dave Styblo in for Windley. First question is just a little bit more about the exchange outlook for next year. We've seen a number of new entrants to the market and some of those -- in some of the areas that are in your footprint. Just curious to get a sense of how much of your footprint you have visibility on for new competitors? And in terms of pricing, I think the market has become a little bit more aggressive this year and perhaps thats just because their MLR -- theyre reaching their MLR for it. Curious if you had any comments about what you're seeing broadly across the landscape?
Michael Neidorff: Yes, I will start off and ask Kevin comment. I have always thought it was a positive thing to have competition. And I learned a long time ago as in consumer package goods, when there's one in the market, it's incumbent on them to grow the category in the market. When there is two or three, you end up with more noise in the market, more awareness of it and that one company trying to build a category. So I welcome the competition. We've demonstrated that that we can deal with competition effectively and continue to grow and really the other -- we tend to use these opportunities with just capabilities versus theirs. Ah you want to add, Kevin?
Kevin Counihan: Just completely agree with what Michael said. We welcome the competition. We think that it's an example of the ongoing growth and stability of the marketplace. As you guys are probably aware, we have expansion plans going into next year, both in adding new states as well as expanding an existing states. So, again, we think the increased new entrants is a very good sign for the marketplace and we're ready to bring it on.
David Styblo: Great. Thats helpful. And then you have -- you guys have provided some additional disclosure for the books of business in terms of revenue. When we try to triangulate some math around that, it looks like we get to government net margin that might be just under 2.5%. Would you roughly agree with that? And then is there room to expand margins on that business excluding M&A accretion from Fidelis?
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Youre talking about the Medicaid? When you say the government, youre talking about the Medicaid line right?
David Styblo: Yes, Medicaid. Exactly not the commercial line.
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Yes, I mean, Im not going to comment about our specific net margins. There's always rooms -- room to expand margins scale, I think it helps. Additionally, all the states are different, right. So it's a portfolio approach for us. So there's always room for improvement and we always look to do that over time.
Michael Neidorff: We had the same goal of expanding margins, so 
Operator: And our next questioner today will be Sarah James with Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Sarah James: Thank you. I was hoping you could walk us through some of the sequential tailwind between 2Q and 3Q. It would be really helpful if you could break that out into M&A related and other areas that youre working for improvement. Thanks.
Jeffrey Schwaneke: You mean from this quarter to our third quarter, is that what you're specifically asking about?
Sarah James: Yes, Im.
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Yes. I mean, I think the biggest thing you have to realize going from Q2 to Q3 and this is the same from Q1 to Q4 is just how the marketplace business performs, right. So it's always the lowest in the first quarter and it pretty much trends up from there all the way to the fourth quarter and then you have the fourth quarter which includes all the open enrollment cost. It also includes the enrollment cost for Medicare as well. So, I guess, what I would expect is HBR's would increase from here consistent I think with what Michael said and what I said in my prepared remarks, which is this year from an adjusted earnings perspective is developing pretty much consistent with last year.
Sarah James: Any other tailwinds that youre looking for either from M&A or from medical management on [multiple speakers]? Thanks.
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Yes, obviously, the Fidelis acquisition, right, comes in on July 1. So thats significant. And we're glad to have that. The other thing is that we mentioned the CMG, NHM and some of the other transactions that we did, those are -- obviously, will benefit the P&L, but from a size perspective is less than of a needle mover. So Fidelis interest rates have also continued to increase, which has been favorable as well.
Sarah James: Right. Then where Centene looking to expand to in 2019 for exchanges? And can you help us size the impact on pricing for the -- did that when you include the removal of risk adjusters? There's been some reports that it's in the 20% range and I was interested to hear how youre thinking about that?
Michael Neidorff: Well, I think we -- one, we have to see whats happening in these adjusters, So we deal as we typically deal with the here and now. And I hate to say this Sarah, but we will talk more about '19 in our December guidance call, which is when we typically talk about the next year, but as it lead to the other part of the question, we just say, we are going to treat it as it is now because there's no basis. You will start to know the what ifs. I think thats where you get to in sideways. And our success has been just that. Look at it, make a decision and go forward. Does that help?
Sarah James: Yes. Thanks, Michael.
Michael Neidorff: Thank you.
Operator: And our next questioner today will be Matt Borsch with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Matthew Borsch: Hi, yes. Thank you. I was hoping you could comment on the enrollment drop in group commercial. I know I asked about that business on the recent Investor event. And I'm sorry if I miss something that you previously said about that.
Michael Neidorff: [Indiscernible] go ahead.
Unidentified Company Representative: Sure. Good morning. Yes, the enrollment drop in the group business, which youve just alluded to is really a reflection of pricing discipline and market discipline that we've been bringing to that business. Frankly, as you guys know, thats a philosophy that we bring to all our products in all our market. And obviously, we all need to make choices and figure out the right pricing and the right discipline to bring. So it's a manifestation of that.
Matthew Borsch: I maybe just add on to that question. My own comment is weve heard that California is seeing somewhat more intense price competition. Would that been -- can I infer that would dovetail with what you're talking about?
Michael Neidorff: Kevin?
Kevin Counihan: Yes. Again, but that discipline is not limited to any specific states. It's something that we bring to all our markets and all our products.
Matthew Borsch: Okay. Thanks. And can you just -- as we now step closer to Medicare Advantage open enrollment, are you getting any sense for we're hearing snippets of information may be rumor that -- are you getting any sense for where you may be positioned relative to competitors?
Michael Neidorff: Well, I think we're looking at it on an ongoing basis, but it's probably too early to make a specific comment.
Matthew Borsch: All right. Thank you.
Operator: The next questioner today will be Peter Costa with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Peter Costa: Good morning, everyone.
Michael Neidorff: Good morning. I think weve beaten the risk adjusters to death here, so I won't talk about it.
Michael Neidorff: There always has to be -- we had -- there always has to be one issue, Peter, that we beat to death. Glad to with the risk adjusters. Go ahead.
Peter Costa: So I like to move on down to the income statement a little bit and understand about the health insurance fee true up a little bit. How much of that is a true up just in this quarter? It went up $12 million from the first quarter. Should we be thinking about that going up every quarter at the same amount or -- and so $183 million each quarter from here? And then how much that is offset in terms of Medicaid picking up the tab for the premium -- in premiums versus what's in commercial or say Medicare where that would be a headwind to earnings?
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Yes. So that's specifically what I commented on my prepared remarks. You're exactly right. There was a true up this quarter and how that true up comes about is we're estimating how much our fee is compared to the entire industry, right. So we're using information from third parties to figure out what the denominator is in that and we got new information that the denominator changed a little bit. And so we increased the health insurer fee. Now on the Medicaid side, thats a pass-through -- predominantly a pass-through, thats how we treat it. So youre recording the additional revenue and expense and it offsets with the net earnings line. On the commercial side, that is not. Our premiums don't change. We bid premiums and so those don't change. So that was a little bit of a bad guy in the tax line, if you will. And that's what we mentioned in our prepared remarks and that really offset what I would call the additional investment income that we had really from the capital that we had on the books for the financing of the Fidelis transaction. So I -- what I would say is, I think going forward, Q2 or Q3, Q4, I think it would be relatively consistent with what it was in the past, a little bit less than what you saw this quarter.
Peter Costa: So a little bit less than this quarter meaning down to the $171 million or meaning 
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Right around -- I would say, north to -- little north of $175 million.
Peter Costa: Okay. And then in terms of the interest income item that you mentioned, that was up quite a bit in the quarter. You said most of that was related to the Fidelis Care cash balance. But how much was interest rates and how much of that will continue going forward?
Jeffrey Schwaneke: I think they're -- I mean, there's a little more than $10 million that was just on Fidelis capital. So that can give you an idea of what it was.
Peter Costa: Okay. That helps. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next questioner today will be Michael Newshel with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Michael Newshel: Thanks. Jeff, I think -- I mean, you already clarified, but just to make sure it sounds like youre framing the annual second quarter risk adjustment true up as more of a recurring benefit relative to the size of the exchange premium base that we shouldnt treat as nonrecurring item?
Michael Neidorff: Its right.
Michael Newshel: So basically -- yes, so basically that -- the 2017 benefit youre recognizing in 2018, should we think about as being offset by conservatism embedded into the payables you're accruing for the 2018 plan?
Michael Neidorff: Yes. Absolutely.
Michael Newshel: And that should flow through the earnings next year and the second quarter or 2019.
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Yes.
Michael Newshel: Assuming, of course, there's no change in the program, is that the right way to think about it?
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Thats exactly right.
Michael Neidorff: And we -- and I anticipate it will be as close to accurate next year as it were this year.
Michael Newshel: Got it. And then maybe just a second one then. So -- when you close the Fidelis acquisition, was there any evaluation of the reserves or adjustments made in the asset purchase?
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Well, we haven't. So that closed July, so we haven't -- we're not reporting our accounting for that yet. But, yes, we will go through a entire fair valuation exercise associated with the Fidelis transaction. We have -- the first time, we'll see that is when we report Q3. So weve begun our procedures on that. Obviously, we did a lot of planning for that, but we've kicked that off and that will be the beginning of the fair valuation exercise that we will complete within 1-year from the balance sheet.
Michael Newshel: Right. Thank you.
Operator: The next questioner today will be A. J. Rice with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
A. J. Rice: Hi, everybody.
Michael Neidorff: Hi.
A. J. Rice: Continuing to beat the dead horse on the risk adjusters. Is your 5% pre-tax margin outlook for the exchanges in 2018 inclusive of the $79 million risk adjuster accrual?
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Yes. I believe we said it's -- I think my commentary specifically was higher than 5% and below 10% at one of our investor days. So, yes, yes, it is. When we look at the margins, when were giving those margins, that's what I would call a fully complete reconcile with the government margin number.
A. J. Rice: You have to do it when youre including it in guidance. You have to be 
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Thats right.
A. J. Rice: Right. So I know originally you guys have talked about in for some time and talked about long-term profitability on the exchanges being in the 3% to 5% range. If -- it sounds like you're running 5% or north of that. Now is there any updated thought on what the long-term profitability of the exchanges might be?
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Yes, I think you're right. We had a lot of history with the product and its performed consistently year-over-year. That's why we ultimately changed our 3% to 5% and updated that to north of 5%. For competitive reasons, Im not going to get into the actual margin number, but it's a very good product for us.
A. J. Rice: Okay. But you're saying, you think the north of 5% is sustainable basically?
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Yes.
A. J. Rice: Okay. And then just -- this is a technical cleanup. On the California Medicaid expansion, MLR retroactive adjustment, I think you're saying that the $0.20 headwind was in the reported 85.7% MLR. But youre taking that out when you -- on the EPS -- adjusted EPS calculation of $1.80. I just wanted to confirm that.
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Yes. Thats true. In my prepared comments, I mentioned it was a 20 basis point increase to the HBR for the quarter. We don't provide an adjusted HBR number. So I just gave you the 20 basis points.
A. J. Rice: Okay. All right. That's good. Thanks a lot.
Michael Neidorff: Thank you.
Operator: And our next questioner today will be Zack Sopcak with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Zack Sopcak: Thanks for the question. I just wanted to go back to the contribution from Fidelis for the second half of the year. Is it fair to think that the cadence of the contribution is going to follow the same path as Centene historically has in 3Q and 4Q?
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Yes. Excluding that -- the exchange business, the marketplace business, right. You're talking Centene historically prior to the marketplace business?
Zack Sopcak: Yes. I guess, Im talking when adding Fidelis that I think of the contribution being the same as your general cadence between 3Q and 4Q, or is there something thats going to change the overall timing due to the accretion from Fidelis?
Jeffrey Schwaneke: No, no. I would say that, yes, they would follow what I call a traditional Medicaid earnings path for a year. So, you have flu season which kicks off in Q1 or Q4, and can go into Q1. And so those months are usually or those quarters are usually the highest HBR quarters. The summer months a little better, so, yes, I think it would follow that same seasonality path because theyre predominantly Medicaid.
Zack Sopcak: Okay, got it. And a question back to the marketplace. So with CMS adjusting again the amount that they invest in navigators, are you thinking again about how youre going to invest, I guess in advertising in general for the marketplace going to the next year and should we think about that at a similar level as we saw it coming into this year?
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Yes, thats -- yes. Similar level, I would say it's larger actually because the business is larger for us, right. And we are planning for growth in 2019, but that kind of goes back to the whole risk adjustment comment. If you go back to last year, in the second quarter, we had the risk adjustment that was pretty much offset by the additional costs that we loaded into the fourth quarter of 2017, because the government limiting marketing. Those costs are already included in our 2018 guidance, which is one of the reasons why we included the risk adjustment favorability as well. Both items are in. And those costs are actually higher than they were last year because of the size of the business.
Zack Sopcak: Okay, great. Thats helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And the next questioner today will be Justin Lake with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Justin Lake: Hi. Thanks, guys. I appreciate the question. So on risk adjustment, I want to make sure Ive got it completely correct. So, it sounds like Im almost completely and exactly wrong in that you're saying that you put up a pretty significant reserve for adverse deviation every year on this thing?
Michael Neidorff: Yes, just for the record before Jeff responds, you said that. I didnt.
Justin Lake: But it's always fun to be publicly incorrect, so let's just make sure I have this straight. So Jeff you put up with this theme [ph], because it looks like it's north of 10% of your -- what you -- what the spot number ends up being, youre putting up 10% plus.
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Yes, what I will tell you is that's an actuarial estimate, of course, and it's done by state. That's also net of minimum MLRs, so the calculation is actually more complicated than just aggregating the business altogether and taking one. And obviously there are a lot of carriers that have had problems with this in the past. So, yes, we have had a, what I call a consistent reserve for adverse deviation. And that's been -- you can see that in the actual results and how it's played out over the last three years.
Justin Lake: And where it's interesting is because the business is actually growing, the deviation reserve youre putting up for this year, for '18, is actually even bigger on the -- from a headwind perspective than tailwind you're getting for last year.
Jeffrey Schwaneke: That would be an accurate statement. We are using the same methodology that we have used since the beginning of the program. The only thing thats happened is weve gotten more states and the business is growing.
Justin Lake: All right. And then let me just -- you said this is in guidance and obviously I take you guys, your word. The thing that was confusing is last year was it in guidance for '17, because you beat the 2Q when you had this true up benefit, you beat by $0.30 versus consensus. And you had it very clearly in the write up that you had this $0.17 beat. And thats where I think at least I got confused because it looks like it was upside last year and this year 
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Yes.
Justin Lake:  it wasn't. So can you -- it -- was it consistent or was this the first year you didn't -- you decided to put it in guidance? Can you clear that up for me?
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Yes, yes. I mean, I hate to go all the way back to December of 2016, but you have to remember where we were in December 2016, it was postelection. And if you recall, we actually added $0.20 of conservatism for the whole marketplace product as a result of the election. So at that point in time, we did not include the risk adjustment in the number, in the guidance. But post that we seen stability in the market, we have a consistent level of development. So heading into this year, because we had the costs, right, remember in 2017 when we had the favorability in Q2, we added the costs to Q4 pretty much offsetting that because the government was limiting its marketing. So fast forward to this year, the costs were in, the benefit of the risk adjustment in really driven by stability in the program and we were comfortable enough with our estimates and what the costs were going to be for the year. So it was in guidance, yes.
Justin Lake: Got it. So in '17 it wasnt in guidance. You did that from a conservatism perspective, because of everything going on.
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Thats right.
Justin Lake: And it was in guidance and going forward it will be in guidance, so we should expect and comparing this is -- you will basically just assume that this occurs at 10% or plus or whatever the reserve is each and every year?
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Yes. Yes and I -- and -- there has been consistency in the past. I do want to be careful, it's an estimate, right. We are estimating it. We've had very consistent track record of estimating it. But we are using the same methodology that we have used since the beginning of the program.
Michael Neidorff: And I just want to emphasize what Jeff said earlier that it's not a 10% market by market evaluation that really gets rolled up by our accounting folks.
Justin Lake: All right, guys. Thanks for all the color. I appreciate it.
Operator: The next questioner today will be David McDonald with SunTrust. Please go ahead.
David MacDonald: Good morning. Just a couple of quick questions. One, I wanted to come back to RXAdvance. Youve obviously had that relationship now for a handful of months, can you just talk for a minute about are you already starting to see some of the efficiencies around administrative cost, and also has it noticeably improved your visibility around gaps in care and the ability to decrease some of these drug impacted medical costs?
Michael Neidorff: Yes, I will start off and Jesse can pick it up, but it's been a couple of months and there will be a lot to see in a couple of months, but Jesse?
Jesse N. Hunter: Yes, I think thats pretty couple of -- kind of pieces of context around that. One, one is to Michael's point, were in the kind of the rollout process. So that wouldn't be fair to comment on kind of specific visibility, but we continue to have confidence that the efficiencies that we have referenced are there. And those benefits will continue to accrue as we expand the offering in the future.
David MacDonald: And then guys just one quick follow-up. How do we think about with regards to Fidelis, the pacing of the expansion of services that Fidelis, how quickly you expect to roll out some of these additional services and just any visibility around that?
Michael Neidorff: Well, I think it's going to be a function of -- weve worked out in the medical management. And we've already been planning for it to the prior to close, weve planned the rollout. Im not going to add the whole plan of when medical management is coming, case management, interpreter and the other things. Jeff?
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Yes, yes. I mean, obviously were trying to -- I mean, it's a big component of the synergy capture. So we've been planning on this for quite some time and we are accelerating those as fast as we can.
David MacDonald: Okay. Thank you.
Michael Neidorff: And by the way weve a very willing recipient. Theyve been sitting there waiting and biting it to bits, so to speak to get at it.
Operator: And our next questioner today will be Gary Taylor with JP Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Gary Taylor: Hi. Good morning. One clarification and then two questions. The first, Jeff, when you talked about the $400 million for the California MLR rebate remainder of year, that's simply a cash flow item already accrued, correct?
Michael Neidorff: It is actually -- it's regulated capital. It is already accrued. So it's already on the balance sheet of the statutory entity. So there's really no revolver borrowing or any free cash flow implications, that's regulated capital going back to the state that's been accrued since the Fidelis acquisition or since the Health Net acquisition, sorry.
Gary Taylor: Okay, thanks. Question, was there a material outpatient provider rate increase under the Florida Medicaid program during the quarter?
Jeffrey Schwaneke: A couple of things I will always say. There is retroactivity in the business. We are operating obviously in -- several states across the country, and I would say this is common in Medicaid programs where there's retroactivity. Some are positive, some are negative, but we always see a certain level of retroactivity. That's the benefit of scale and diversification is that youre matching those things up and you're using a portfolio approach. So what I would say is, yes, there was some fee schedule changes, but I would say across the Centene enterprise in total nothing out of the ordinary.
Gary Taylor: Okay, understood. So, not material enough to call out given the portfolio's performance, thats a positive.
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Thats right.
Gary Taylor: And then last one is just specifically hospital trends. So we came out of first quarter with hospitals -- at least, for profit hospital showing higher -- not just acuity, but higher same-store revenue. Most of the payers still saying overall hospital trend is fairly stable. Is there any color on your overall hospital trend?
Jeffrey Schwaneke: No, I would agree to those comments. I think it's pretty consistent.
Gary Taylor: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And the next questioner today will be Ana Gupte with Leerink. Please go ahead.
Ana Gupte: Yes, hi. Thanks. Good morning.
Michael Neidorff: Good morning.
Ana Gupte: Yes. Thanks. Can you hear me?
Michael Neidorff: Yes.
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Yes.
Ana Gupte: Okay. All right. Thank you. Yes, so the stocks, not just yours, but Medicaid in general, has been rebating back to growth status. And my question was about your organic growth and then your priorities for your capital deployment on inorganics. If you take a look at this year it looks mostly like your growth is coming from exchanges and then to a smaller -- much smaller extent on ABD complex populations and then for a much smaller based on Medicare. So inorganically speaking, where do you think the growth is going to come from or is it going to stay more exchange driven you think or would it reaccelerate in other areas? And then, secondly, on the -- to looking at your inorganic approaches, initially I felt like you were talking a lot about Medicare. It's now very successfully youve Health Net and Fidelis. Mike, you would be thinking more about rollup as your priority or more tuck ins on Medicare? And then where does it play into your specialty and involve capabilities as far as cap deployment?
Michael Neidorff: From the organic standpoint, I think we laid out the number of RFPs we won. The expansion is taking place there. The new RFPs will be waiting to go live. So you will see continued growth in the Medicaid business to that form of organic growth. Relative to the inorganic growth and tuck in things, I really can't talk too much about that, that's from a competitive standpoint and all of these is associated with it. And very simply, there's always -- they say many [indiscernible] between the company [indiscernible] until a deal is done, it's not done. So I want to be very cautious and conservative on that particular one. And the third part that I heard is, we continue to focus as well as on the current book of business, the Medicare, other things that weve talked about on the technology side of things. Our RXAdvance is a good example of that. It's a technology that I think will materially help us grow that business and contribute significantly to reducing costs. So we will continue that and to focus on those kinds of opportunities and the prison health, etcetera, just a very balanced portfolio of growth is our objective.
Ana Gupte: Helpful. Thanks, Mike. Hey, one follow-up on the technology piece. So you very nicely showcased RXAdvance at the ID. I did see John Sculley, at a public appearance, after Amazon announced they'll pack and how they might need to get into cloud-based PBMs and so on. So as you think about your equity stake in RXAdvance, and tech players like Amazon potentially making a play into the drug value chain, might you see yourself driving partnership with some of these "so called"
Michael Neidorff: Well, I think anybody that wants to purchase at a fair price our services, we will be available to talk to. And I think really -- as people understand some of these capabilities, theyre going to recognize they really need it as they move ahead and I made some musing comments that, vis-a-vis, the things they're talking about and disruptors and -- I see that as a positive and we intend to eliminate the extended disruptors ourselves with some of these technologies 
Ana Gupte: Got it. Thank you. I appreciate it, Michael.
Michael Neidorff: Thank you.
Operator: And this will conclude our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Michael Neidorff for any closing remarks.
Michael Neidorff: Well, I want to thank you all for your time, attention, support. And we look forward to the next call, not unlike this one. Thank you and have a good rest of the summer.
Operator: And the conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Edmund Kroll - SVP, Finance & IR Michael Neidorff - Chairman & CEO Jeffrey Schwaneke - EVP & CFO Kevin Counihan - SVP, Products
Analysts: Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs Sarah James - Piper Jaffray Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America Michael Newshel - Evercore Dave Windley - Jefferies Matthew Borsch - BMO Capital Markets A. J. Rice - Credit Suisse Peter Costa - Wells Fargo Joshua Raskin - Nephron Research Justin Lake - Wolfe Research Lance Wilkes - Bernstein Zack Sopcak - Morgan Stanley Gary Taylor - JPMorgan Ana Gupte - Leerink Partners
Operator: Good morning, everyone and welcome to the Centene Corporation First Quarter Earnings Results Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please also note, today's event is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference call over to Ed Kroll, Senior Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations. Sir, please go ahead.
Edmund Kroll: Thank you, Operator. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on our 2018 First Quarter Earnings Results Conference Call. Michael Neidorff, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Jeff Schwaneke, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Centene, will host this morning's call, which can also be accessed through our website at Centene.com. A replay will be available shortly after the call's completion also at Centene.com or by dialing 877-344-7529 in the U.S. and Canada, or in other countries by dialing 412-317-0088. The playback code for both dial-ins is 10118311. Any remarks that Centene may make about future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor Provision under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in Centene's most recently filed Form 10-Q dated today, April 24, 2018 and our Form 10-K dated February 20, 2018 and other public SEC filings. Centene anticipates that subsequent events and developments will cause its estimates to change. While the company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. The call will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of these measures with the most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our First Quarter 2018 Press Release, which is available on the Company's website, Centene.com under the Investors section. Finally, a reminder that our next Investor Day will be on Friday, June 15, 2018 in New York City. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Michael Neidorff. Michael?
Michael Neidorff: Thank you, Ed. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining Centene's First Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. During the course of this morning's call, we will discuss our first quarter results and provide updates on Centene's markets and products. We will also provide commentary around the healthcare legislation and regulatory landscape. Additionally, we will discuss recent acquisitions of investments including updates on Fidelis. I would like to begin by discussing Centene's position in today's ever-changing healthcare environment. Centene is no longer just a Medicaid-focus company. To a combination of organic and strategic acquisitions of investments, we have evolved into a multinational diversified healthcare enterprise. We bring approximately 300 solutions to 30 states, totaling 12.8 million U.S. citizens and approximately 900,000 individuals in two international markets. Centene is the largest Medicaid-managed care organization in the country. Upon the close of the Fidelis acquisition, we will be a leader in the four of the largest Medicaid states. Centene is the largest provider of managed long term support services and to our Ambetter product; we are also the largest provider in the marketplace segment. One of the chief benefits of our evolution is the scale we have gained. This scale enhances our ability to maintain positive operating performance despite transitory issues that can incur in any business. We are positioning Centene for the future by continuing to invest in systems and capabilities. This is to ensure that we can sustain our ability to provide the highest quality healthcare at the lowest cost. I would now like to go through our most recent acquisitions and investments. Fidelis Care; we are encouraged by the progress being made related to the regulatory approval process. As we reported yesterday, we have received approval from the New York Department of Health and the New York Department of Financial Services. We are actively working with the New York Attorney General to obtain the final approvals; we believe this should be received relatively soon. This helps to ensure a closing date no later than July 1. The integration planning is under way and going extremely well. We will be able to hit the ground running upon the close of the transaction. Earlier this month, Centene agreed to certain undertakings with the New York Department of Health. This includes a $340 million contribution to the State of New York to be paid over a five-year period. This contribution will be used for initiatives consistent with Centene's mission of providing high quality healthcare to vulnerable populations within the state. MHM Services; in April, we completed the acquisition of MHM Services, a national provider of healthcare and staffing services to conventional systems and other governmental agencies. Under the terms of the agreement, Centene also acquired the remaining 49% ownership in Centurion. This is the correctional healthcare services joint venture between Centene and MHM. MHM serves over 300,000 individuals in more than 300 facilities across the U.S. This acquisition adds one new state to Centene's portfolio. It also expands our existing seven-state correctional footprint to 13 states. We plan to leverage this larger platform to pursue additional opportunities in both new and existing states. Community Medical Group; in March, we completed the acquisition of Community Medical Group, a leading at-risk primary care provider in Miami Day County Florida. This transaction represents Centene's targeted approach towards vertical integration in healthcare. It is a nice strategic stint as the company focuses on serving individuals in molding government-sponsored healthcare programs. CMG covers approximately 70,000 Medicaid/Medicare Advantage in marketplace recipients. Importantly, CMG has a unique clinical care model. In addition to primary care services, CMG provides access specialty care, transportation and a suite of social and other support services. This acquisition provides a platform for expansion of the model across Florida and potentially into other states with a particular focus on areas where access may be limited. RX Advance; in March, Centene made an equity investment in RX Advance, a full-service pharmacy benefits manager. RX Advance is complimentary to Centene's internal TVM [ph]. We expect to use the company's cloud-based technology platform to significantly reduce administrative cost and affordable drug-impacted medical cost. This partnership includes both a customer relationship and a strategic investment in RX Advance. As part of the initial transaction, Centene has certain rights to expand its equity investment in the future. Interpreta; in March, we acquired an additional 61% ownership in Interpreta. This brings Centene's total ownership to 80%. Interpreta is an innovative health IT company, focused on clinical and genomic data, as well as real-time analytics. In summary, the net effect of these acquisitions and investments is that we continue to execute on our diversification strategy. This enhances our position as a healthcare enterprise and a leader in government-sponsored healthcare. Adding capabilities in the provider [ph] pharmacy and technology categories should provide growth and margin opportunities for Centene well into the future. Next, I will provide an update on healthcare legislative and regulatory landscape. We continue to believe it is unlikely that Congress will pass healthcare legislation in 2018. We see any healthcare-related changes being done to a regulation. For example, in early April, CMS released its 2019 final payment notice rule for exchanges. We believe we can successfully navigate these changes as we have consistently done so in the past. Now, onto the first quarter of 2018 financials. We are pleased to begin 2018 with another strong quarter, marked by solid top and bottom line growth and robust operating cash flows. Membership at quarter end was 12.8 million recipients. This represents an increase of 684,000 beneficiaries over the first quarter of 2017. First quarter revenues increased 13% year-over-year to $13.2 billion. The adjusted SG&A expense ratio increased 100 basis points year-over-year to 10.3%. This was primarily a result of growth in our marketplace business. The HBR decreased 330 basis points year-over-year to 84.3%. This is primarily related to growth marketplace business, better Medicaid performance and a return of the health insurance fee. We reported adjusted first quarter diluted earnings per share of $2.17, compared to $1.12 in the same period last year. This represents growth in earnings of 94%. Lastly, operating cash flows came in at $1.8 billion or 5.5x net earnings. Jeff will provide further financial details including updated 2018 guidance in his prepared remarks. A quick comment on medical cost including flu. We saw an uptake in flu in the first quarter and it peaked in February. The impact of flu in the first quarter HBR was approximately 40 basis points year-over-year. As I mentioned earlier, we are able to absorb this cost to our diversity and scale. Importantly, flu is just one component of our medical cost. We view flu trends as episodic and not indicative of our ability to manage overall medical expense. Finally, we continue to see as well as anticipate overall stable medical cost trends. This is consistent with expectations in the low single digits. Moving on to markets and product updates. First, we'll discuss recent Medicaid activity. Arizona, last month, Centene was awarded a contract under the Arizona's Medicaid program. We will be providing physical and behavioral healthcare services to recipients in the Central region and Southern region of the state. Centene currently serves beneficiaries in Maricopa county in Southern Arizona. Under this new contract, we will be expanding the number of counties we serve to the Central region. This new program is expected to commence on October 1, 2018 and cover 1.5 million beneficiaries. Texas; late last year, Texas is one of five managed care plans where Centene was one of five managed care plans, awarded a contract under the CHIP Rural Service Area Program. This contract was set to commence September 1, 2018. However, in April of 2018, the state announced the cancellation of these awards. This was due to an error in the evaluation process. As one of two incumbents, Centene will continue to provide CHIP coverage in this area until new contracts may be awarded. Also on April, Texas released an RFP with Star and CHIP Program. The stage has now included the CHIP RSA program in this RFP. All contracts are scheduled to commence on January 1, 2020. Pennsylvania; in January, we began serving beneficiaries enrolled in Pennsylvania's new long term care program in the Southwest zone. At quarter's end, we served 22,400 beneficiaries ahead of our expectations. The Southeast zone is set to begin on January of 2019, the remaining zones are scheduled to commence on January 1, 2020. Separately, the appeal of the Pennsylvania TANF contract was awarded has been upheld. The state is in the process of determining the next steps. Whichever path Pennsylvania chooses, we look forward to having the opportunity to demonstrate our value to the state. Now onto Medicare; in January, we began operating Medicare Advantage in decent [ph] brands in eight new Centene Medicaid states. These plans will launch under our all-well brand. They are still eligible for a premium bonus and to our four-star brand [ph] rating in 2018. At quarter end, we served over 340,000 Medicare and MMP beneficiaries. This represents a year-over-year increase of more than 15,000 members. Upon the close of the Fidelis care transaction; we will also be serving Medicare Advantage members in New York. We remain focused on building a successful Medicare business over the long term. We expect this business to be a significant driver of our annual growth rate. Next, health insurance marketplace. The marketplace business continues to perform well in the first quarter. Ambetter is the national leader in the health insurance marketplace. We successfully navigated a difficult enrollment environment, we gain market share exceeded of growth targets. We retained 80% of the 2017 exchange members. Additionally, 90% of our total members are paid enrollees surpassing prior years. At March 31, we served over 1.6 million exchange members, ahead of our initial estimate of $1.3 million. This compares to approximately 1.2 million beneficiaries in the same period last year, representing growth of 35%. It is also important to note that key demographics of these members remain consistent with the comments we made at our December investment. The closing of the Fidelis Care transaction will put us in a position to offer exchange products in 16 states. Shifting gears to our radar work, we continue to expect composite Medicaid rate adjustment of an increase of approximately 1% for 2018. Separately, CMS recently issued a 2019 Medicare Advance [ph] notice that rates came in better than our expectations. In conclusion, our strong first quarter financial results set the stage for us to maintain positive momentum through 2018. Centene has been and continues to be a growth company -- whether it's through organic growth or strategic acquisition. We have proven our ability to acquire and effectively integrate acquisition of all sizes. We expect to growth both the top and bottom line by double digit percentages. We anticipate our margins will continue to expand as we maintain our focus on process efficiencies to automation and increasing our scale. As I've reminded you, our Investor Day is June 15 in New York City. We look forward to seeing you then. We thank you for your continued interest and support of Centene and I will now turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Thank you, Michael, and good morning. This morning, I will cover the strong first quarter results and update on the Fidelis acquisition and provide more color on the changes we made to our annual guidance as announced this morning. As Michael mentioned, we had a good start to the year with strong first quarter results led by the growth and performance in our marketplace business, and year-over-year improvements in the performance of our Medicaid business. This more than compensated for the additional flu cost we experienced in the first quarter. I will provide more details on that in a minute. For the first quarter 2018, total revenues were $13.2 billion, an increase of 13% over 2017 and adjusted diluted earnings per share for the first quarter 2018 were $2.17, an increase of 94% over the last year. The first quarter adjusted diluted earnings per share were driven by membership growth and the associated profitability in the health insurance marketplace business and the benefit of tax reform. Additionally, the first quarter results were approximately $0.12 per diluted share higher than previous expectations due to the lower share count and lower interest expense associated with the delay in the financing for the Fidel's acquisition which was included in our previous guidance on March 1. Let me provide some more details for the quarter. Total revenues grew by approximately $1.5 billion year-over-year primarily as a result of growth in the health insurance marketplace business, the expansion in new programs in many of our states in 2017 and 2018 including the expansion of the Missouri contract and the Pennsylvania LTSS program and the return of the health insurer fee in 2018. This growth was partially offset by lower revenues in California, associated with the removal of the in-home support services program from managed care. Moving on to HBR; our health benefits ratio was 84.3% in the first quarter this year, compared to 87.6% in last year's first quarter and 87.3% in the fourth quarter of 2017. The decrease year-over-year is primarily driven by the growth in the marketplace business and the effect of early enrollment compared to the prior year, lower cost in our Medicaid business and the reinstatement of the health insurer fee in 2018. This was partially offset by new business which initially operates at a higher HBR and additional flu cost year-over-year of approximately 40 basis points. Sequentially, the 300 basis point decrease in HBR from the fourth quarter of 2017 is primarily attributable to growth in the marketplace business which seasonally has a lower HBR in the first quarter, the reinstatement of the health insurer fee and additional expense recorded in the fourth quarter of 2017 associated with the CSRs. This was partially offset by increased flu cost compared to the fourth quarter of 2017. Our adjusted selling, general and administrative expense ratio was 10.3% in the first quarter this year compared to 9.3% last year and 10.5% in the fourth quarter of 2017. The increase in the ratio year-over-year is due to additional cost incurred during the first quarter to service the additional marketplace membership. A sequential decrease is due to increased cost associated with the open enrollment periods for both the Medicare marketplace businesses in the fourth quarter of 2017. This was partially offset by increased variable compensation expense related to earnings performance in the first quarter. Additionally, we spend $0.05 per diluted share on business expansion cost during the first quarter, which is consistent with the prior year. Our effective tax rate for the first quarter was 34.1%, compared to 39.7% in the first quarter of 2017. The lowered tax rate was driven by the effect of the income tax reform in 2018, partially offset by the return of the health insurer fee. Now on to the balance sheet; cash and investments totaled $11.9 billion at quarter end including $452 million held by unregulated subsidiaries. Our risk-based capital percentage for NAIC filers continues to be in excess of 350% of the authorized control level. Debt at quarter end was $5.2 billion including $675 million of borrowings on our revolving credit facility. Our debt-to-capital ratio was 40.3% excluding our non-recourse mortgage note compared to 43% at Q1 last year and 40.3% at the end of 2017. We continue to focus on deleveraging and consistent with our past practice, we used equity as a significant component to fund various investments and acquisitions completed in the first quarter. Although we increased our borrowings in our revolving credit facility, we ended the first quarter with a debt-to-capital ratio consistent with the year-end. Our medical claims liability totaled $4.8 million at quarter end and represents 43 days in claims payable compared to 41 days at the end of 2017. The increase in DCP is the result of growth in the marketplace business in the first quarter and the timing of payments. Cash flow provided by operations is $1.8 billion in the first quarter or 5.5x net earnings. Cash flow for the quarter benefited from growth in the claims reserves and the risk adjustment payable associated with the marketplace business. Before we discuss the changes to our 2018 annual guidance, let me spend a few minutes to update you on the Fidelis acquisition. As Michael mentioned in his comments, we have revised the expected closing date for the Fidelis acquisition from April 1 to July 1, 2018. The integration and synergy planning continues to go well and we expect to hit the ground running. As a result, we expect to achieve half of the $25 million of year one synergies in 2018. Additionally, we continue to expect the transaction to deliver our previously communicated accretion targets. We expect to fund the transaction with approximately $2.3 billion of equity and $1.6 billion of debt. As we have indicated in our earnings release today, we have updated our annual guidance assumptions to reflect the equity and debt financing as of May 1. These are guidance assumptions in the ultimate timing of the debt and equity financing will be subject to market conditions. Now on to our annual guidance; let me be direct here, there are a lot of updates, so let me give you our perspective. First, we had a good quarter that exceeded our expectations by $0.05 per diluted share after accounting for the timing of the Fidelis debt and equity financing. We have increased our full year GAAP and adjusted diluted earnings per share expectations by the $0.05. Second, as we stated earlier, Fidelis continues to perform in-line with our expectations and the changes we are making to guidance are the result of the timing of the transaction, the associated financing and the undertakings. The change in adjusted diluted earnings per share is the result of an additional month of overhang on the financing and removing a full quarter of Fidelis earnings. Just to give you some perspective, the Fidelis and the associated financing transactions had been effective January 1, 2018, our full year adjusted earnings per share guidance would be $0.35 to $0.40 higher. Third, we have closed several investments and acquisitions and have included those in our updated guidance. On an adjusted EPS basis, CMG and NHM are accretive transactions for 2018. That accretion is being offset by strategic investments in RX Advance and Interpreta that we believe will drive long-term growth in margin expansion. In aggregate, these transactions are dilutive on a GAAP basis in 2018 due to transaction cost and intangible amortization. In summary, our updated full-year 2018 guidance for revenue and earnings per share is as follows. Total revenues between $58.2 billion and $59 billion, GAAP earnings per share of $4.36 to $4.70, an adjusted diluted earnings per share of $6.75 to $7.15. With the seasonality of the marketplace business, we view the second and third quarters being relatively equal from an earnings perspective, with the fourth quarter being lower due to the open enrollment cost for the marketplace in Medicare. We are pleased with the strong performance in the first quarter and the addition of the acquisition in investments we completed that will continue to drive long-term growth in margin expansion. That concludes my remarks and Operator, you may now open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Steve Tanal from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead with your question.
Stephen Tanal: A random one here, just thinking about Medicare Advantage, star scores of '19. In the final call notice, it seemed like they decoupled the audit measures in related penalties in the BAP score. I know that was an issue for you, guys. Just trying to understand whether there was any implications for your '19 rates, star scores or the appeal processes underway?
Michael Neidorff: Well, we have the appealed process still underway and we continue to evaluate the alternatives. The crosswalk et cetera is appropriate, so we see minimizing any impact on the 2019 rates and income.
Stephen Tanal: Got it. So nothing really direct there? Okay. And just to help us wrap our heads around the seasonality of the marketplace, is there any way you could frame or call out the discreet upside the EPS on seasonality in Q1 and then relatedly, what kind of offset we should be thinking about later in the year like the 4Q?
Michael Neidorff: I'll let Jeff go into that.
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Yes. A couple of things. I would say first, it's two things in the first quarter. Number one, it's higher membership; and two, a little bit better performance on a year-over-year basis from an HBR perspective. So really, two things driving the phenomenon in the first quarter. I'm not going to get into specifics, but I think I made commentary in the past that marketplaces close to break even by the fourth quarter, so the majority of the earnings are in the first quarter with the fourth quarter really being the offset and it starts to decline from the first quarter to the fourth quarter.
Stephen Tanal: Got it. Just last one for me real quick. July 1 for Fidel, it sounds like you're framing that as maybe a little bit more of conservatism than actual timing given there's only one regulatory approval out there. Is that a fair statement?
Michael Neidorff: I think it's fair to say that we do everything with certain abundance of conservatism, but I want to be realistic. I don't want to end up saying something that is not certainly [ph]. So I think saying no later than July 1 is probably the best way to represent.
Stephen Tanal: Great. Thank you, guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sarah James from Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead with your question.
Sarah James: Thank you. As I walk through the guidance updates, one of the areas that looked conservative to me was the SG&A and I was hoping maybe you could bridge the changing guidance for us. I know we got some Fidelis payments and strong kicks [ph] growth, but it still just seem pretty conservative, so maybe you can break out some of the investments you spoke about and any other moving pieces? Thanks.
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Yes. A couple of things. A lot of the metrics are changing just because of the reblending of the Fidelis. When you move Fidelis out of quarter, we've talked about before that they've had a lower G&A ratio compared to the Centene business as it stands today. So when you adjust for that timing, effectively, it changes all the metrics because of the reblending of the two companies for half a year. I think that's the largest thing going on. Obviously we've talked a little bit about the investments -- some of the investments that we've made this morning as far as transactions and investments that we've already closed. Obviously, those have effects on the ratio as well, but the largest driver is really the reblending of the company when you move Fidelis out of quarter.
Sarah James: Got it. And I think that Florida is expected to be announced today. I know in the past you guys have talked about your IPNs and I'm just wondering if there's any update that you can share with us on Florida?
Michael Neidorff: Stay tuned. The rest of us -- we'll hear hopefully, they do today. There's nothing more to say about that, Sarah. It's just wait and see.
Sarah James: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Fischbeck from Bank of America. Please go ahead with your question.
Kevin Fischbeck: Great, thanks. I wanted to dive into the guidance a little bit as far as the $0.05 from the quarter out-performance. You guys mentioned flu being up 40 basis points year-over-year, which I guess is about $0.20 out of EPS. I just want to ensure how you were thinking about that $0.05 of out performance in the quarter? Were you already assuming something like 40 basis points from flu, or was that actually better and a little bit of an offset versus how you thought about your guidance?
Michael Neidorff: Jeff, you want to take that?
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Yes. I guess, Kevin, the way I'd look at it is the last guidance update we gave was February 6, so we've had indications that flu is a little bit higher. The way we view it is we were $0.05 ahead of our internal forecast and really what I would do is I'd start with the $2.17 and obviously back off the $0.12. It was just mathematics on the movement of the shares and then you have the $0.05 beat that we mentioned. With the commentary we made on February 6 was really that Q1 would be higher than Q2 and it's really driven by the marketplace business and the early enrollment that I mentioned. So I think if you do that, that's the number you will come up with.
Michael Neidorff: We are also ahead on our over the individual estimate on the marketplace, which was a contributor to it. A combination of things, but what we try to say earlier was when you reach the scale we have, the flu is about one line on the medical expense.
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Yes. So I think everything to Michael's point is consistent with the commentary that we provided on February 6.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. So what was the actual $0.05 out-performance in the quarter? I guess if you beat by $0.05 per quarter, the thought might be, well, then you raise guidance by $0.20 for the year. Is there something kind of had an offset as you think about the rest of the year?
Michael Neidorff: I'll start and you can pick it up. If you look at it and we said that some of it had to do -- a lot of it with the over performance and the growth of the exchange and we also said that the earnings on the exchange starts to be reduced each quarter, that's just the nature of deductibles and things of that nature, that should help explain it. Jeff, you want to add?
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Yes. Again, I'll go back to -- this is $0.05 better than our expectations, not the discreet consensus number. We were always here. I make commentary on February 6 that said effectively, 2018 is going to lay out similar to '17 which would imply something like 54% of the earnings are on the first half of the year and then Q1 was going to be higher than Q2. If you do that math, I think that gets you to where we are right now, which is a kind of $0.05 ahead of expectations and to Michael's point is really driven by performance in the HBR line and the revenue line with the marketplace, and Medicaid and all those things that we've listed in the press release.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. I guess any color on Fidelis' actual performance so far? Any updates there?
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Yes. I made comments in my prepared remarks that they're in-line with expectations. So I think they continue to perform well and really all that we're talking about this morning is really out-performancing Q1 and the rest is really just timing of the transaction closing.
Kevin Fischbeck: Great, thank you.
Michael Neidorff: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Newshel from Evercore. Please go ahead with your question.
Michael Newshel: Thanks. So now that you have some of the claims experiences or any change on how you're viewing exchange margins for the full year? It sounds like in the first quarter, at least that it's starting out a little bit higher than what you thought. And also since now you're developing rates for 2019, do you have any initial commentary there on what you're going to make into rates and whether you're going to have a consistent footprint, or expand or shrink?
Michael Neidorff: I'll start and let Jeff pick up. But I think when we talk about the first quarter marketplace, I'll remind you that we had an increasing moment over our original expectations and we tend not to get too much into '19 until we do guidance in December of the year. It's kind of early that we're talking about expectations in the way we do business on the marketplace. Jeff, anything?
Jeffrey Schwaneke: I think Michael is right. It's really volume-driven. You'll notice in our filings we do have some minimal MLR payables. To some extent, we're projecting a full-year margin and that's what we're recording to.
Michael Newshel: And what's your booking on risk adjustment? Is that consistent with what you did in prior years? Are you still on net payer on risk adjustment?
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Yes. We're net payer, but obviously the volume has grown because of the increase in the size of the business.
Michael Newshel: Got it. Anything that recently happened on the policy front that changes any of your thinking on whether you might participate in 2019 if the administration try to put some restrictions on several loading or anything like that. Would that change your approach at all? Or you'll take any changes and you can fully expect to participate?
Michael Neidorff: Kevin?
Kevin Counihan: I think there's a couple of things. We number one, think that regular changes are going to be made via regulation as Michael said; number two is that the state flexibility that exist in the payment notice we think actually could be a positive to us because it's just that we've been a payer, so stay flexibility in that regard may actually help us lower MOR. There's obviously going to be a positive. There are a number of things in the payment notice that we're encouraged by.
Michael Neidorff: I might also add, mind you that were very decentralized, so we're really structured to work on a state-by-state basis and we see that as a plus.
Michael Newshel: Got it. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dave Windley from Jefferies. Please go ahead with your question.
Dave Windley: All right. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to understand some of the pennies of movement here in the Fidelis' timing. I think when you last updated us and pushed the timing from February to March, that was a $0.06 change and then the loss or the push from March out of the quarter is a $0.12 change, and then you're funding two months ahead of when you anticipated to close in the second quarter. So first, what's the difference between the $0.06 and the $0.12 and then secondly, just for the full year, how much should we think about 2018? How much drag is 2018 caring that will then not be present in 2019? Thanks.
Jeffrey Schwaneke: A couple of things. The $0.12 you're mentioning is Q1. Right? The $0.12?
Dave Windley: Well, I think you said in your prepared remarks that the $0.12 upside in the quarter was the result of delay from March 1?
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Yes. That's $0.12 for Q1. That would not be the case for the full year because the first quarter share count, it would be one-third of the total shares for the quarter versus on the full year, it gets diluted by the full year share count. So the $0.12 is not the number for the full year, it's really the Q1 number. That's a little bit different there. What we've done is we've packaged up all of the movement of Fidelis into one line item. We have assumed the offerings in March, we're moving those to May, the transaction closing April, we're moving that to July. That is all encapsulated in the $0.25 that's in the adjusted diluted EPS range.
Dave Windley: Yes. Is it possible to give me what the advanced funding -- the two months of advanced funding is?
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Yes. The overhang? Sure.
Dave Windley: Definitely.
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Yes. The overhang is between $0.10 to $0.12 for sure.
Dave Windley: Okay. Thank you for that. The second question. On Medicare Advantage, Michael, what would you describe to us as your learnings from the annual enrollment period this year in your positioning? It looks like your membership pick up was scattered across your various new entry states and I guess I'm curious about how that influences your competitive positioning and your desire for that to be a substantial driver of growth going forward.
Michael Neidorff: I think one of these we've -- pick up with me -- but we will be adjusted our marketing approach as much as anything, how we go at the open enrollment period. So it's more the direct approach to the consumer that we'll fine-tune and we expect to see continued improved results from.
Dave Windley: Okay, thank you.
Michael Neidorff: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Borsch from BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead with your question.
Matthew Borsch: Yes. Thank you. If I could ask about a different topic. Just give us your assessment of the group commercial market as you come into this year. I realized a lot of that or the vast majority is in California, but just like to hear what your update is on price competition in medical cost trends? Thanks.
Michael Neidorff: Sure. I think we've stated we're committed to the commercial business intel frame we acquire and we believe it's going to perform very well for us, continue to grow it. Personally, I was involved when they were doing some renewal work and they have a good product that's very well-received out there. As I think about it and I'm just giving you as candid of statement as I can, over time there may be additional opportunities working with state governments and things that is not just pure commercial assessment work, government-related. We're talking about that kind of thing. We believe it is good learning coming out of the California model and as time and energy permits, we'll consider alternatives to how it might be expanded.
Matthew Borsch: Okay, thank you. If I could ask just on a different area of business on the individual. Can you just talk about retention rate on ACA numbers or have you seen anything that might indicate that there's less retention this year as opposed to last year? Whether it's for any real reason or just did the awareness that the individual mandate is going away?
Michael Neidorff: I think we're not seeing that. I'll let Kevin give you more details.
Kevin Counihan: Good morning. We actually have not experienced that. Our persistency rate is remaining at 80% which is above the national average, by the way. We're actually encouraged by that. What we're also particularly encouraged by is our effectuation rate. It's at 90%, which is about 10% higher than it was a year ago. That's something, which is you know is very critical in terms of predicting future retention. We're encouraged by what we're seeing. Now with respect to the individual mandate, it's kind of an interesting question because when I was at CMS, I never really thought the individual mandate was all that powerful and I'll tell you why. Because number one, the dollar value for the penalty was not that significant particularly compared to premium; and number two is there were so many opportunities for people to appeal. Whether it was for affordability, for college education, for religious purposes and others. So I think in a way, the new mandate is actually higher healthcare cost. I think people want to have insurance coverage, they want to protect themselves and their families. And I think we've seen with the enrollment going to 2018 how attractive these products are.
Michael Neidorff: Thank you, Kevin.
Matthew Borsch: Thank you for all that.
Operator: Our next question comes from A. J. Rice from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead with your question.
A. J. Rice: First question. Obviously the industry backdrop around pharmacy benefit is really evolving and you made an investment at RX Advance. I know you have your own PBM and you have legacy health net relationship with CBS. Can you just give us any thoughts that you have on updated thinking around pharmacy benefit and light up what you're doing and what the industry is doing?
Michael Neidorff: I'll just give you an open comment and Jeff's either comment -- he's been doing most of work to this point from the M&A perspective. But we see this as really the modernization and the direction that pharmacy benefits needs to go. I'll let you pick it up.
Kevin Counihan: Yes, AJ. A complicated number of moving parts with respect to the topic, but I think the starting point as -- you know, because I think you've see a lot from an industry perspective is some things need to change from the PBM model if you will and I think there's a couple of dimension to that that are both tied into our investment in RX Advance. One is just the underlying technology opportunity for automation, cloud, et cetera and that brings both administrative cost efficiencies that I think are important, number one, but it also improves the overall quality and experience and the ability to connect the interoperability of systems across in our case the payer landscape. But the other thing which I think is increasingly important is everybody understands that the benefit of having an internalized capability with respect to pharmacy management, how that ties to physical health and behavioral and the like, as you all know, we've been very focused on that from the beginning. I think what we see now is the ability to marry the technology, marry the scale benefits that exists, but also implement some new operating models. In particular the relationship for total cost of care and moving towards a value-based arrangement in pharmacy that has not existed in the past. I think that will address some of the transparency concerns that has been embedded n the industry for a long time.
A. J. Rice: Okay, great. Maybe one other follow up. You guys have done great at expanding your health marketplace enrollment and now you're the largest player in the marketplace, I think nationwide with more than 10% of the market. As you've gotten these additional members that are maybe earlier in the year to figure this out. But if you go ahead to make adjustments to your traditional provider networks because you're now picking up people that are outside of those geographies, a one metric I know you might measure that is out of network claims and so forth. Any update on thinking around those issues?
Michael Neidorff: I'll just leave a comment. I was thinking about traditional network and do we deserve that support and that's the network, our recipient's wish. We've of course had to expand it with the increasing membership. But i.e. that's not a strategic change there.
A. J. Rice: Okay. Any thought about the -- so that network expansion, you're not seeing a lot of other network claims, or is it too early in the year to know whether you will?
Michael Neidorff: I would say that it's pretty consistent with our historic experience. Any time we see that is if we had a deficiency, just including the total increase in some of the markets. We need to expand the network and there's a lot of energy being put to getting that network expanded. We're going to stick to our 'knitting', so to speak, to use the old clich and we stick to 400% of federal property level below and the majority is up 250% of the federal property level below and that's our market, we're not trying to be all things to all people.
A. J. Rice: Okay, all right. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Costa from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead with your question.
Peter Costa: Good morning. Looking back to the annual guidance again and sort of where the different numbers are, I'm just trying to understand a couple of different aspects of it. First, you said if you had filled that else for the whole year your earnings would be $0.35 to $0.40 higher. Yet, you adjusted for the delay of potentially a quarter your earnings by $0.25. You took out more for the quarter. Then your share price is about 20% higher than when you announced the deal. So in theory, the Fidelis Care is actually more accretive than it was before. And then you mentioned the out-performance that you had in the quarter being $0.05, but you didn't raised the guidance for the full year by anything more than what it was in the Q1 performance despite some of the cost in flu being overcome. I'm just trying to understand why your numbers are so conservative? Is there something with Fidelis that is not performing or some changes from the conversion that you had not considered before that makes that deal less attractive?
Jeffrey Schwaneke: There is a lot in that question but I'll start at the beginning here. So the $0.25, you have to remember that includes another month of overhang, right, on -- compared to last guidance that includes another month of both shares and the debt overhang. So that number is probably larger than what you're expecting just because of the additional month of overhang. My second point would be; I'd go to my prepared remarks, I think Fidelis is performing exactly what we expected, so -- and I reiterated the accretion targets there. As far as the share price, we have updated -- I would say both two things, compared to when we announced this transaction in September of last year, both a share price and interest expense. So bond rates have moved against this, the share price has moved in our favor. I would tell you we have what we believe are relatively conservative expectations but we haven't raised the capital sitting here today.
Michael Neidorff: I think that chapter -- it is a very important point. Until it's done, it's not done so you want to be conservative to see what's in, how those numbers come out.
Peter Costa: And in terms of the synergies from Fidelis Care, you talked about $100 million, is that still the number that you're thinking about or is that improved having multiple [ph] business?
Jeffrey Schwaneke: We said $25 million in the first year. I made a comment today that we're on target to get half of that in 2018. We did say $100 million in year two, we've always targeted a higher level of synergies but we felt comfortable with the $100 million and that's where we are today.
Michael Neidorff: I think what's really important is that every aspect of the deal has been very consistent and we're not seeing any changes in the original assumptions we made, the management is as strong as we believe today, so has engaged us. We believe they were -- they have managed through the delay incredibly well, so it's a very strong team. The regulatory is in New York, we find just very -- we are very good at work with MOL [ph], they are very professional in all the things they do, their approach to it and we'll just see every aspect of the Fidelis deal being a positive one.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joshua Raskin from Nephron Research. Please go ahead with your question.
Joshua Raskin: Good morning, I'm just going to beat the Fidelis horse one more time. No impact in the first quarter, obviously second quarter sounds like it's $0.12 dilutive at this point just from the financing overhang with no operations. What's the Fidelis impact on the second half? I'm just trying to figure it's just an accretive deal for 2018.
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Yes, we've had this conversation before. I think if you go back to the numbers that we said today where if we had Fidelis for a full year, right, you would be increasing $0.35 to $0.40. So if you just do that math, I think -- and then assume mid to up or single digit accretion as we've said, it is an accretive deal for the year. So, and we're picking up half of that accretion in 2018.
Joshua Raskin: Okay, got it. And then the second question, just -- you guys mentioned obviously a much better MLR in the quarter and a lot of that was the marketplace but you did say there were some Medicaid MLR improvement; I'm just curious were there any specific states or geographies, any segments, any specific drivers of that Medicaid MLR that was better?
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Yes, I think we saw improvement really driven by network and unit cost initiatives in addition to medical management. We did have some states that had favorable pay for performance metrics, certain part percentages of our contracts are at risk based on meeting usually quality and performance metrics and some of those came in favorable which we're pleased about. So overall it was -- it crossed the board, I would say generally a good performance in the Medicaid business.
Joshua Raskin: Okay. So those are 2017 performance metrics that get paid in the first quarter, so that's the idea that maybe part of the reason you're not expecting some of this to recur the rest of the year?
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Yes, there is actually two things. Number one, it's -- some of those are 2017 metrics but it also changes your opinions on 2018 as well, right. Meaning, if you meet the metric in a previous year then you have more confidence that you'll meet the metric in the future year as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Lake from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead with your question.
Justin Lake: Couple of things; first, on the pricing side. Going into 2019 on the exchanges, obviously you're doing well and even better than expected. There has been some chatter and you can just look at the results, I mean the not-for-profits have been doing pretty well. They all got tax benefits just like you did and they are probably going to price some of it back and specifically even some of the public comments they have made indicates that maybe a larger percentage of that pricing is going to come in the individual, the exchange market. I'm just curious in terms of your view of how competitive they are today and if they do get more competitive from RO [ph], is that something you need to consider from a market share or pricing perspective for 2018 or do you feel like you're just so positively differentiated that even if they were to come price a little bit lower that you still keep your share in your margins?
Jeffrey Schwaneke: I mean, I think as we mentioned before we're not going to get into the details of 2019 pricing but I think all of those factors are factors that we would take into account when we're looking at the competitive dynamics of the marketplace business and what our goals and objectives are for 2019.
Michael Neidorff: I think also, when you -- some of the systems and the [indiscernible] we have, it's -- it helps as we said, it's going to help drive cost in the right direction in '19 and forward. So I think we'll continue to be very competitive in all our products going forward.
Justin Lake: I mean could you give us an update I think at your Investor Day last you had said, you're above that 5% margin; I think people came away thinking 6% or 7%. And on exchanges for 2018, is there -- now it sounds like it's better. Can you help us with that?
Michael Neidorff: I think we just want to be consistent and say it's at the high end of our range.
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Justin, remember what we said was that the full year expectations aren't really any different here than what I would have communicated on February 6. We saw a little bit better performance in the first quarter but ultimately for the full year we think we're going to be consistent with what we previously communicated.
Justin Lake: Got it. And then just a follow-up on Fidelis, Michael, during your prepared comments, you're pretty definitive that the deal will close by July 1 and your new guidance assumes the equity and the debt are basically done by this time next week. So just given your apparent increase certainty on the deal close, what should we assume on the equity issuance here on terms of timing?
Michael Neidorff: I think -- Jeff can add to it. We said it's going to be a lot dependant on the market conditions and if market conditions continue to be strong we will move forward with the equity deal. So let's not pre-suppose the whole lot and pre-save something because once again, we know we have a very vulnerable market, not only with us, it's just the total environment we're in. So if you advise us, if you probably say take a little bit more time [ph] and make your decision based on that. If it's a strong market, we can go out; if it's uncertainty because of some global condition or something, then we'll -- well, we have time and we'll be patient and do it when it's the right time to do it. We're not -- we always talked about how -- it's not how fast but how well you do, so you know that, we've talked about that Justin. So I'm not going to pre-state -- I like to do it as soon as reasonable.
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Obviously we had to pick a date for guidance in order to revise the guidance, right; so that's what that date reflects. As Michael indicated, I think it's going to be based on market conditions.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lance Wilkes from Bernstein. Please go ahead with your question.
Lance Wilkes: I've just got a question on the vertical integration strategy and a deal obviously that you did. I was interested in understanding kind of what your value proposition is in owning clinics or care centers and certain markets is more about access or the alignment of interest kind of value based approach there? And then also -- what percent of your Medicaid business today uses an urgent care clinic or retail clinic as it's primary care provider?
Michael Neidorff: I think one of the -- what we try to say is this gives us an opportunity where we see access more limited, I'm not going to go into specific markets and tip that hammer door or some where access is more limited. We see this as having a scalability and capability to expand in some of those markets and they have a capability to do it with reasonable dispatch was necessary; so that's very important. The use of urgent care is somewhat limited in our approach. We like individuals that have a primary care, we encourage adding and push that; so we think that's very important. We have a quality committee that we work with former deans in medical schools and deans of public health and they are consistent with urgent care and urgent clinics are intended to be just that, an episodic type. And we have one here at our own facility for employees and it's -- if you go in there without a primary care for that physician, when you come out you will have one. So that's pretty much the approach that we follow in that.
Lance Wilkes: Got you. And as you're thinking about the strategy beyond that one transaction going forward and you're thinking of potential partnerships with pharmacies or retailers are getting into retail clinics or things like that, do you see that as being more episodic as well or do you see that as potentially transforming into something that could replace primary care?
Michael Neidorff: I don't see it replacing primary care. I think -- so as we work, we do have very close relationship, we have a lot of confidence in this very qualified health centers. We work with them, with one clinic we've setup in St. Louis, it's staff and some of the nurses, so if they see something that needs a physician, they have the access to it to immediately refer it to that physician group. So we have a very strong belief and support in the primary care physicians and helping them to be more successful with assistance in capabilities and we're putting more and more emphasis on that than trying to support these more transitory operations; there is a place for it [indiscernible] if there is -- if someone has a cold or something minor, that's great, use it once but you should have your own doctor you can call. We want our recipients [ph] treated the way our children have been treated; you know, you call your pediatrician and take his advice.
Lance Wilkes: And just one follow-up question would be, as you're looking at the Medicaid enrollment kind of market-by-market and contract-by-contract; how are you seeing the improving economy impacting kind of in-market growth or shrink? Just interested in that and if it varies, not just by geography but by -- kind of product type there?
Michael Neidorff: Yes, I think that what we have found is that with economic environment we continue to have a fairly stable situation. States will consider increase in coverage if their budgets become strong or they just need healthcare, and when we're working with the Congress and other we're encouraging that either marketplace be expanded to allow for individuals that are working so that individuals start to learn how to use an insurance system. So I mean there is some public policy issues that play there that allow us to be fairly consistent.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen [ph] from Barclays. Please go ahead with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: So just from the four recent smaller acquisitions that closed in March/April; I think you mentioned that two are accretive, two are dilutive. Just curious, if that was always your expectation around those deals or perhaps anything -- did any trends change within any of those, after closing there was any different than your prior expectation?
Michael Neidorff: I would say, we recognized that in some of the system opportunities that they -- they have a clear benefits and payout in the very near future. But when you close the mid-year, we're saying that in the impact on '18 but now everything we do is very precise navigated [ph]. We don't receive surprises, we see a surprise we dodge in things upto the point that the wire is sent and the money is in the other persons bank.
Unidentified Analyst: One or two other quick ones, I'm not sure if you'd quantify this or not; are you -- any chance you're able to quantify how much of the return of the health insurer fee improved the medical benefits ratio in 1Q '18?
Jeffrey Schwaneke: I think it's only the component that's in premium revenue; so I think it's roughly between 20 to 30 basis points, something like that.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Maybe just a final quick one; you mentioned you still expect medical cost inflation to remain in lower single digits, is there any high level color you can provide just on 1Q trends and some of the bigger cost categories within that, whether it's in-patient, out-patient or pharmacy or physician, just any high level trends?
Michael Neidorff: As we've said, it's been very stable.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, fair enough. Okay, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Zack Sopcak from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead with your question.
Zack Sopcak: I'm wondering if first quarter you saw anything unusual in your pharmacy utilization? Eli Lily this morning lowered their -- sorry, increased their guidance based on expected lower Medicaid utilization for this quarter normally end of the year. Have you seen anything along those lines?
Jeffrey Schwaneke: No, I mean the only thing we did see obviously was the flu. So flu costs were higher than let's say average, so we did see higher drug spent on the flu side.
Michael Neidorff: And then, I'll remind you that some of these new systems that we're putting in place now would mitigate in the upward trend.
Zack Sopcak: Got it, understood. One of the question and back on your success in the marketplace, given the shorter enrollment period and more of the investment into marketing came from you instead of -- from the government. Any major learnings that you think will help as you go into the next enrollment period for next year?
Michael Neidorff: Yes, I think what the total is, we were wise to anticipate that we would have to pick up that frac and we did; it was the right benefit, we were able to enroll people directly and due to the things that -- in fact, we had a bigger response and it includes overwhelmed in the enrollment system. So if anything we've learned from these, be prepared for more upside than what we expected going forward. I mean, is this a high satisfaction as far as Kevin talked about, our retention rate at 80% year-over-year; that's pretty good for any kind of commercial product that's out there. So it says that some things were being done right.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gary Taylor from JPMorgan. Please go ahead with your question.
Gary Taylor: Just a couple of quick ones. On the tax rate change, you didn't talk about that and why there was an impact to EPS; is that just sort of churning [ph] up or reconciling that that hits non-deductibility, is that why the tax rate guidance went up a little bit?
Jeffrey Schwaneke: No. Again, the tax rate guidance went up because of the reblending of Fidelis. So in New York, they pay a premium tax versus the state income tax; so if you take the post-tax reform, they would need a much lower rate than the Centene average. So when you reblend the year after moving Fidelis a quarter, the rate goes up.
Gary Taylor: Got it. On the exchange business, what's a good estimate of full year G&A load in that business? Is that as high as 15%?
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Yes, that's a pretty good number, that's close.
Gary Taylor: Okay. And then last question on Fidelis G&A which is materially lower than your corporate average, can you just remind us why that's the case? And I don't think given the synergy
Michael Neidorff: I will start a little bit there. Some of the benefit plans are different -- benefit, competition, structures, things of that nature can be impacted by.
Jeffrey Schwaneke: I think the other thing is that as we've planned the acquisition, we've looked at actually investing more G&A dollars there to really get medical management savings and I think we've mentioned that at the beginning of the transaction that things like payment integrity, fraud ways and abuse; all the analytic capabilities that we have here that we can support them with case management system, etcetera, etcetera. We think more of the opportunity is in medical expense versus G&A.
Operator: And our final question today comes from Ana Gupte from Leerink Partners. Please go ahead with your question.
Ana Gupte: The first question was on involve, I wanted to get a sense for how much you're actively marketing that Fide services outside obviously are growing quite remarkably as you're rolling up the acquisitions helpnet and then in the future Fidelis? But is that also targeted more beyond inside?
Kevin Counihan: So our -- we're actually going through a strategic planning process uninvolved at present. One of the things that we want to do is make sure that those products are refreshed in a way that reflect the opportunities of the marketplace. Let me just give you an example; so one of the things that we're looking at is whether our EAP Program can be reconfigured in a way to support social determinants in a way to get software they could actually have one of our members call in and be able to be directed to a housing shelter if they need shelter for that night or a food bank if they need access to food or other kinds of things. So our real focus right now is making sure that the involved suite is meeting the needs of the current market.
Ana Gupte: Off your current internal market, in other words?
Kevin Counihan: Correct.
Ana Gupte: Okay, all right. Secondly, as you know, the growth is coming on both on involve as well as the base business that's all the roll ups; to what degrees there are more wide space on for profit conversions like you saw in Fidelis in New York, are there others elsewhere?
Michael Neidorff: I think whether they are out there and I'm not going to talk too much about where we're going and how we're going and for obvious competitive reasons.
Ana Gupte: Okay, all right. And then finally, on the worker requirements, it looks like Virginia is on the brink of Medicaid expansion. What are your thoughts about you hearing around Florida or any of the other
Michael Neidorff: We're very supportive of the work requirements back when [indiscernible] was governor of -- Indiana was installed and we were very supportive there helping to how to do it. And I remind you it's childless adults who don't have physical disabilities and we think that's good public policy, we will work very diligently with the seats [ph] who want to do it to implement it in a very responsible way.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, at this time we'll conclude today's question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference call back over to Mr. Neidorff for any closing remarks.
Michael Neidorff: I just want to thank everybody. As we said, it's -- this quarter had a lot of moving parts because of Fidelis and different issues but it was a solid quarter, it was a stronger quarter, we eventually had anticipated, we planned forward, we're pleased with that. We're pleased with what how the safety use is going to unfold and looking forward to another very strong year. So, we thank you and look forward to talk to you in subsequent calls. Have a good day. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, today's conference has now concluded. We do thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-06 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Edmund E. Kroll - Centene Corp. Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp. Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Centene Corp.
Analysts: Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Joshua Raskin - Nephron Research LLC Chris Rigg - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Sarah E. James - Piper Jaffray & Co. Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Matthew Borsch - BMO Capital Markets (United States) David Howard Windley - Jefferies LLC A. J. Rice - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Centene 2017 Fourth Quarter and Year End Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note, today's event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ed Kroll, Senior Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Edmund E. Kroll - Centene Corp.: Thank you, Rocco, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on our 2017 fourth quarter and full year earnings results conference call. Michael Neidorff, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Jeff Schwaneke, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Centene, will host this morning's call, which can also be accessed through our website at centene.com. A replay will be available shortly after the call's completion also at centene.com or by dialing 877-344-7529 in the U.S. and Canada, or in other countries by dialing 412-317-0088. The playback number for both of those dial-ins is 10115626. Any remarks that Centene may make about future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provision under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in Centene's most recently filed Form 10-Q and Form 10-K and other public SEC filings. Centene anticipates that subsequent events and developments will cause its estimates to change. While the company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. The call will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of these measures with the most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our fourth quarter full year 2017 press release, which is available on Centene's website at centene.com under the Investors section. Finally, a reminder that our next earnings call will be on Tuesday, April 24, 2018. Dates for all remaining investor events in 2018 can also be found in the Investors section of centene.com. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Michael Neidorff. Michael?
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Thank you, Ed. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining Centene's fourth quarter and full year 2017 earnings call. During the course of this morning's call, we will discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2017 financial results and provide updates on Centene's markets and products. As has become our practice, we will provide commentary around the healthcare legislative and regulatory landscape. We will also bring you up-to-date on the Fidelis acquisition. I'd like to begin with an update on the healthcare legislative and regulatory landscape. A year ago at this time, the healthcare debate was front and center in Washington D.C. It consumed more than three quarters of the legislative year and the repeal and replace effort ultimately was unsuccessful. Since then, comprehensive reform efforts have receded and more tactical legislation has emerged, most notably, the SCHIP program being reauthorized and funded for six years. In addition, several ACA taxes have been delayed, including the health insurance fee for 2019. As part of the tax reform package that passed earlier this year, the penalties associated with the individual mandate will be eliminated beginning in 2019, which we expect to have minimal impacts on us. We are now seeing heightened regulatory action as CMS continues to promote efforts that give states additional flexibility. This aligns well with Centene's local approach. We believe these significant developments make repeal and replace for any significant healthcare reform unlikely in 2018. We do anticipate Congress will look at ways to stabilize the marketplace and there continues to be strong bipartisan support to implement a reinsurance program. In addition, the reinstatement of CSR funding continues to be discussed as well as greater state flexibility via 1115 and 1332 waivers. We believe these improvements have a good chance of being included in an omnibus bill that passes in the first half of 2018. On a separate note, we're pleased to announce that Jessica L. Blume was elected to serve on Centene's Board of Directors. She was appointed to both the Audit Committee and Technology Committee. She will stand for re-election at our April 2018 Annual Shareholders Meeting. Ms. Blume brings us strong background in technology and finance as having previously held the position of Vice Chairman at Deloitte, where she was a partner for 20 years. She served as a member of Deloitte's U.S. Executive Committee and was a member of the Deloitte Board of Directors for the maximum two terms. In addition, she served as the Chair of the Executive Compensation and Evaluation Committee as well as a member of the Finance, Governance, Strategic Investment and Risk Committees. Now, on to the fourth quarter and full year 2017 financials. 2017 was another year of strong growth and accomplishment for Centene, capped off by the robust fourth quarter results we reported this morning. In 2017, we added almost 800,000 members, surpassing the 12 million member mark. We grew revenues by 19% to $48.4 billion and adjusted EPS by 14% to $5.03. These results compare favorably to our initial 2017 revenue guidance of $46.4 billion and adjusted EPS guidance of $4.63 at the mid-point. Our cash flow from operations remains strong at $1.5 billion or 1.8 times net income. During the year, we stuck to our business as usual approach. We were not distracted by the headline volatility surrounding the repeal and replace noise in Washington D.C. Our shareholders benefited as Centene's stock price increased 79%, well ahead of our five-year CAGR of 38%. We continued to enhance our diversification plan by product and geography. Centene successfully launched an expansion effort in Medicare Advantage in four of our Medicaid states under Allwell brand. We started new Medicaid contracts in Nebraska and Nevada and one new business in 2018 in Arkansas, Illinois, Pennsylvania, and the State of Washington. Overall, win rate in Medicaid RFPs is an industry-leading 80%. We also continue to evaluate our organization structure in an effort to be most efficient with our growth and it is important to focus on G&A and ensure we're leveraging the incremental size of the company. In summary, 2017 was another successful year and our operating momentum remains strong as we head into 2018. Next, I'll discuss federal tax reform. We know there is a great interest in federal tax reform and what effect it will have in 2018. Specifically, with respect to how companies will deploy the potential benefit of tax reform. For Centene, we started with our company's purpose, transforming the health of the community one person at a time. We believe we can better serve our members and customers by continuing to invest in capabilities that serve our purpose. With that said, we intend to use the benefit of tax reform to invest in growth and employee initiatives, including leadership development programs and other training, as well as technology and processes, including digital health and analytics. All of this will help drive our mission of better outcomes at lower cost. Jeff will go into further details regarding the financial impact of tax reform, as well he'll update 2018 financial guidance. Now, I will discuss the acquisition of Fidelis Care. In October 2017, we were granted early termination of the waiting period under Hart-Scott-Rodino. We are currently moving through the process for New York regulatory approval. This is actually a dual-track approval process. First, the typical approvals necessary for a health plan acquisition in our industry, which are progressing at a reasonable pace. And in this case, secondly, the Catholic Church is working with New York State officials on the mission of the foundation it intends to set up with the proceeds. Unfortunately, this portion of the process appears to be taking longer than expected. We continue to work towards an April 1, 2018 closing date. The initial integration planning is underway and going extremely well. Next on the medical costs, including flu. The latest data indicate that flu season is more intense than last year. In my presentation at the Investor Conference in early January, I indicated we saw flu peak around the holidays. Subsequently, we saw flu trend up again to a second higher peak for our membership. We have not seen this happen in over five years. It clearly is higher than expected and a potential headwind for the first quarter. However, we remind you, we view flu trends as episodic and not indicative of our ability to manage overall medical costs. Importantly, we continue to see as well as anticipate overall stable medical cost trends consistent with our expectations in the low single-digits. Moving on to market and product updates, first, we'll discuss recent Medicaid activity. New Mexico. Last month it was announced that our New Mexico subsidiary Western Sky Community Care was one of three vendors awarded a statewide contract for the Centennial Care 2.0 Program. New Mexico's current program provides integrated Medicaid Managed Care coverage, including long-term support services and behavioral health to nearly 700,000 beneficiaries. We are particularly pleased to have been awarded this, as it was a re-procurement of an existing contract and Centene was not an incumbent. While there have been appeals and suits, we believe they're unfounded and will not ultimately be successful. We expect this contract to commence on January 1, 2019. Centene currently operates in New Mexico through our Centurion subsidiary as the sole provider of correctional health services in 11 facilities throughout the state. Illinois. In January, our Illinois subsidiary, IlliniCare, began operating under a new statewide contract serving Medicaid beneficiaries and needy children. Centene previously operated in 12 counties in the state. Under the expanded contract, we will operate in all 102 counties and materially increase our membership and revenue. Our new members should all be enrolled by April 1 with the exception of Foster Care, which is expected to commence on July 1. We were pleased to be the sole source provider for the Foster Care program. Pennsylvania. In January, we began serving beneficiaries enrolled in Pennsylvania's new Long Term Care program in the Southwest zone. The remaining zones' start date vary and will be fully implemented by January of 2020. So far, our membership has come in above our expectations. Washington. In January, Centene began providing managed care services to beneficiaries enrolled in the state's Apple Health Fully Integrated Care program in the north-central region of the state. This was a re-procurement of our existing contract and now integrates behavioral health into the program. Arkansas. In February, we began managing a non-risk Medicaid special needs population comprised of individuals with high behavioral health needs and individuals with developmental and intellectual disabilities. In October 2017, our Arkansas joint venture with Mercy Health and LifeShare received a license to become a risk-based provider organization. Approved risk-based provider organizations will manage and take full risk of this population beginning in January of 2019. Now on to Medicare. At year end, we served over 330,000 Medicare and MMP beneficiaries. We are pleased with the operating performance of the Medicare Advantage book of business in 2017. We applied the insights we gained in 2017 towards Centene's 2018 Medicare Advantage and D-SNP plans. In January, we began operating MA and D-SNP plans in eight new Centene Medicaid states. These plans will launch under Allwell brand and are all eligible for a premium bonus under our 4 Star parent rating in 2018. The initial metrics for 2018 membership growth are in line with expectations. Upon the close of the Fidelis deal, we will also be serving Medicare Advantage members in New York. Over the long-term, we continue to expect our Medicare Advantage product to drive over 20% of our annual growth rate. Moving on to Health Insurance Marketplace, at year end, we served just under 1 million exchange members. This represents a sequential decline of approximately 60,000 beneficiaries due to normal attrition. This was in line with our expectations. The Marketplace business performed well in the fourth quarter and full year of 2017. Our 2018 exchange focus remains on providing high-quality affordable health care to low-income individuals. We began offering exchange products in three new states in 2018: Kansas, Nevada and Missouri. In January, we had over 1.6 million paid exchange members. The key demographics of these members, including age, gender, financial assistance and medal tier remain consistent with the comments made at our December Investor Day. This includes a modest shift from silver to bronze plans, which was anticipated. Upon the closing of Fidelis Care transaction, we will be offering exchange products in 16 states, up from 13 states last year. Shifting gears to our rate outlook, for 2017 our composite Medicaid rate adjustment was an increase of approximately 1%. We are also expecting a composite Medicaid rate adjustment of an increase of approximately 1% in 2018. Separately, last week, CMS issued the 2019 Advance Notice and preliminary Medicare Advantage rates appear to be in line with our expectations. In conclusion, 2017 was another successful year for Centene. Our strong fourth quarter result sets the stage to maintain our positive momentum into 2018. Centene has been and continues to be a growth company with expectations of growing both top and bottom line by double-digit percentages. We expect our margins to continue to expand as we maintain focus on process efficiencies through automation and increasing our scale. Our pending Fidelis acquisition is expected to create significant value for Centene's shareholders and Fidelis' stakeholders, as well as provide high-quality, low-cost health care services to the most vulnerable populations in New York. We have proven our ability to acquire and effectively integrate large acquisitions. We are confident in our ability to successfully integrate Fidelis. We are optimistic about our future and ability to continue to extend Centene's leadership position in government-sponsored health care. Before I turn the call over to Jeff to provide further details on our fourth quarter and full year 2017 results, I would like to give you a heads up regarding a change in our reporting format. Due to our increasingly diversified platform and emphasis on product categories, we will be adding a supplemental revenue disclosure by product category beginning in the fourth quarter of 2018. Also, we will no longer be breaking out membership by state. We thank you for continued interest in Centene, and I will now turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Centene Corp.: Thank you, Michael, and good morning. Earlier this morning, we reported strong fourth quarter and full year 2017 results. For the full year, total revenues were $48.4 billion, an increase of 19% over 2016, driven by the full year of Health Net's results, growth in the Health Insurance Marketplace business and product and market expansions in 2016 and 2017. Adjusted diluted earnings per share for the full year 2017 were $5.03, an increase of 14% over last year and 9% higher than our initial 2017 guidance midpoint. Before I discuss the fourth quarter results, I would like to spend a few minutes and discuss tax reform. As Michael previously mentioned, we have adjusted our full year 2018 guidance to reflect tax reform, which is expected to benefit net earnings and cash flow by approximately $280 million in 2018. This is before additional investments of $60 million after tax to support growth and employee initiatives during the year, investments in technology and analytics and enhancing our capabilities to serve our members and state customers. I'd also like to highlight that based on our expectations for the year, the benefit of the lower tax rate was not limited by minimum MLRs in our commercial markets. We will discuss the revised 2018 guidance, including the effective tax reform in a few minutes, but first, let me discuss the fourth quarter results. We reported strong fourth quarter results with total revenues of $12.8 billion, an increase of 8% over the fourth quarter of 2016 and adjusted diluted earnings per share was $0.97 this quarter compared to $1.19 last year. The decrease in adjusted diluted earnings per share compared to the prior year is the result of significant investment in growth initiatives in the fourth quarter of 2017 associated with the Marketplace and Medicare businesses and the impact of flu. We spent $0.26 per diluted share on business expansion costs in the fourth quarter and $0.50 per diluted share for the full year 2017. For the fourth quarter 2017, adjusted diluted earnings per share excludes the following items: lower tax expense of approximately $125 million or $0.71 per diluted share associated with the re-measurement of our net deferred tax liabilities to a 21% tax rate as a result of tax reform that was passed in December 2017. $40 million or $0.14 per diluted share, associated with a contribution to the company's charitable foundation in connection with the benefit from tax reform, additional expense of $22 million or $0.08 per diluted share associated with the lack of CSR funding by the federal government in the fourth quarter, amortization of acquired intangible assets of $0.14 per diluted share, and acquisition-related expenses of $0.02 per diluted share. Let me provide some more details for the quarter. Total revenues grew approximately $900 million year-over-year primarily as a result of growth in the Health Insurance Marketplace business, the expansions in new programs in many of our states in 2016 and 2017, including the expansion of the Missouri contract and the startup of our Nebraska and Nevada health plans in 2017. This growth was partially offset by the fourth quarter of last year benefiting from $195 million of revenue associated with the MLR amendment in California, the one-year moratorium of health insurer fee in 2017 and lower 2017 membership in the commercial business in California as a result of margin improvement actions taken last year. Moving on to HBR, our health benefits ratio was 87.3% in the fourth quarter this year compared to 84.8% in last year's fourth quarter, and 88% in the third quarter. The increase year-over-year is primarily driven by the benefit recorded last year related to the minimum MLR amendment in California. This decreased last year's HBR by approximately 170 basis points. Additionally, the fourth quarter 2017's HBR was negatively affected by the additional expenses associated with the lack of CSR funding, higher flu costs, the premium rate reduction in our Medicaid Expansion business in California, effective July 2017, and performance of newer expanded markets, which initially operate at a higher HBR. Sequentially, the 70 basis point decrease from the third quarter is primarily attributable to favorable performance in Medicaid, including premium rate adjustments as well as favorable performance in our Marketplace business. This was partially offset by increased flu costs of 30 basis points compared to the third quarter and the previously mentioned CSR expense, which accounted for a 20 basis point increase in the HBR for the fourth quarter. The Marketplace business performed well in the fourth quarter and full year 2017. As previously mentioned, during the fourth quarter, we recorded additional expense of $0.08 per diluted share, recognizing the effect of the federal government not funding the CSRs. This primarily represents states, where we have receivable positions on CSRs at the end of the year. For the majority of our states, we have received CSR payments for 2017 that represent our full year CSRs. As Michael previously mentioned, for January 2018, we have over 1.6 million paid members, which is higher than our expectations we discussed at our December Investor Day. We have updated our guidance to reflect our revised membership expectations. Moving on, our adjusted selling, general and administrative expense ratio was 10.5% in the fourth quarter this year compared to 9.4% last year and 8.9% in the third quarter of 2017. The increase in the ratio year-over-year is due to increased business expansion costs and the revenue recognized in the fourth quarter of 2016 related to the minimum MLR amendment in California, which reduced the prior year adjusted SG&A expense ratio. The sequential increase is due to the increased cost associated with the open enrollment periods for both the Medicare and Marketplace businesses. We recognized an income tax benefit of $55 million in the fourth quarter of 2017 due to Income Tax Reform. Excluding the effective tax reform and the charitable contribution, our fourth quarter tax rate would have been 40.9%. Now onto the balance sheet, cash and investments totaled $10.1 billion at quarter-end, including $310 million held by unregulated subsidiaries. Our risk-based capital percentage for NAIC filers continues to be in excess of 350% of the authorized control level. Debt at year end was $4.7 billion, including $150 million of borrowings on our revolving credit facility. Our debt-to-capital ratio was 40.3%, excluding our non-recourse mortgage note compared to 43.7% at last year end and 41.2% at the end of the third quarter 2017. We are pleased with the continued deleveraging of the company by 340 basis points during the year. Our medical claims liabilities totaled $4.3 billion at year end and represents 41 days in claims payable compared to 42 days last quarter. Cash flow provided by operations was $450 million in the fourth quarter and $1.5 billion for the full year 2017 or 1.8 times net earnings. Next, I would like to provide an update on the Fidelis transaction. As Michael mentioned, we continue to work toward an April 1 transaction closing and expect to fund the transaction with approximately $2.3 billion of equity and $1.6 billion of debt. As we have indicated in our earnings release today, we have updated our guidance to change the equity issuance timing from February 1 to March 1. Again, these are guidance assumptions and the ultimate timing of the debt and equity financing will be subject to market conditions. Lastly, turning to 2018 guidance, we have updated our 2018 annual guidance for several items and have included a table in our press release issued this morning to provide more clarity on the changes. We have updated our guidance for the following: an increase in our revenue at the midpoint of approximately $700 million associated with the higher membership expectations on the Health Insurance Marketplace business. The additional membership also increased our GAAP and adjusted diluted earnings per share by approximately $0.14. The increase in revenue was partially offset by the effective tax reform, which decreased our revenue by over $100 million associated with the lower tax rate gross-up on the health insurer fee in the Medicaid business. This revenue adjustment has no effect on net earnings. Additionally, as previously mentioned, we expect lower tax expense of approximately $280 million or $1.38 and $1.58 per diluted share impact on GAAP and adjusted diluted earnings per share respectively associated with tax reform. This is before the additional $60 million after tax or $0.30 per diluted share for investment in employees' technology and systems we previously discussed. Lastly, as discussed previously, we have revised our share count to reflect the change in the equity issuance timing for the Fidelis transaction financing. This increased both our GAAP and adjusted diluted earnings per share by $0.06 per diluted share. In summary, our updated full year 2018 guidance for revenue and earnings per share is as follows: total revenues between $60.6 billion and $61.4 billion, GAAP earnings per share of $5.91 to $6.25, and adjusted diluted earnings per share of $6.95 to $7.35. Lastly, a quick comment on the quarterly spread of our earnings. As a result of the shorter open enrollment period for the Marketplace product and increased membership, peak membership is earlier than last year. As a result, we expect the distribution of our earnings between the first half and second half of the year to be similar to 2017. However, we expect slightly more earnings in the first quarter this year versus the second. In summary, we are pleased with the company's fourth quarter and full year results and the momentum we carry into 2018. That concludes my remarks. And, operator, you may now open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Today's first question comes from Steve Tanal of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question.
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Good morning.
Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: I was wondering if you would just comment on sort of the tax reform net accretion guidance and what sort of is assumed there for potential offsets. I guess the one that's top of mind for us, a bit of a concern, is just the New York State windfall tax that was proposed. Any thoughts there on what's in the numbers versus not?
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Yeah, I think  Jeff, do you want to start, then I'll pick up?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Centene Corp.: Yeah, I mean, I think right now that is specific to New York and I think there was something in California. Those haven't passed, those aren't law at this point in time. So we have not projected anything in that other than the lower federal tax rate that's in our guidance today. So again, it's early. We'll have to wait and see what the impact is on both the commercial and Medicaid business. But as I stated in our Investor Day, longer-term, we see opportunity in the Medicaid business. On the commercial side, it really depends on the competitive dynamics.
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: And there are (30:56) some federal laws and legislation on the amount of tax that a state can charge on those types of products, specifically Medicaid. And that was set up so they don't find a way to fund the Medicaid to their share of it through taxing. So I think this has a long way to play out and it's not something that we see having any short-term or longer-term effect on us.
Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Understood. That's very helpful. And just lastly for me, maybe on Marketplace, really strong numbers there, upside to enrollment. Curious to know from your perspective, Michael, where are you guys seeing that? Or how much of that growth is about competitors backing out at this stage? Where is that growth really coming from?
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Well, I think we've retained about 80% of the population we had from last year. And I think we have the right networks, we have the right systems and capability to manage it and develop that reputation. We've entered some new states; Nevada and Missouri, we mentioned among  this is the third one. And so some of it's coming from those new states. If people are backing out and we're in that state, we obviously will pick up some of that membership. But most of it, I believe, is on our own account and how we're doing things and the reputation we have in the marketplace with the all-better (32:13) franchise.
Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Josh Raskin of Nephron Research. Please go ahead.
Joshua Raskin - Nephron Research LLC: Hi. Thanks. So good morning, guys.
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Good morning.
Joshua Raskin - Nephron Research LLC: Morning, Michael. So the first thing that sort of jumped out, it just sounds like the first quarter numbers you're expecting a little bit better than what the Street was expecting and better than the second quarter. I guess I understand that the Marketplace is off to a better start, but I'm surprised just based on flu, is it just simply you took bigger flu accruals in the fourth quarter to account for that because you knew it was coming when you closed the books? Or what? I'm curious why the 1Q numbers are strong.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Centene Corp.: Yeah, a couple things, Josh. I'd say, first, we have more commercial business mix than we used to have several years ago. So it used to be the first quarter had the least amount of earnings in specifically in the Medicaid business, but we've kind of flipped because of the entrance into the Marketplace and other commercial markets. And so with the open enrollment happening earlier this year, we do see higher membership coming on earlier than we did the previous year. And as we've mentioned, the earnings profile of Marketplace is it makes more money in the first quarter than it does in the fourth quarter. So I think that's really driving the shift, is really the higher membership and an earlier date and the economic dynamics in the Marketplace product, where you actually make more money in the first quarter than any other quarter throughout the year because of deductibles, right? So I think that's the phenomenon that we're trying to talk about, and it's just a little bit different than last year because the peak membership happens a couple of months earlier, right?
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: And I think relative to the flu, I mean, we've anticipated some of it. I talked about the second peak. So it's one element in total medical costs, and we have seen that there tend to be offsets. And I think part of the benefit of our scale and size and the population we serve, Josh, is that we do get offsets. And I've said there is a little headwind on the flu. We recognize it, we monitor it carefully. We've had flu prevention programs and things. In some states it's higher than others. We see where it is higher it's a function of physician cost and some Tamiflu and some testing for the flu. So it's more the ambulatory-type costs that we're seeing on it, which is much more manageable.
Joshua Raskin - Nephron Research LLC: Got you, got you. That makes sense.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Centene Corp.: Yeah. And just, I mean, one other thing. One month does not make a quarter or a year, right? I mean, we provide annual guidance, so...
Joshua Raskin - Nephron Research LLC: Yes. That's fair. That's fair. And then just a question on the sustainability of this tax reform benefit. I was also surprised to hear you say none of it's getting caught up in the minimum MLRs for the California commercial business, which was not surprising, but are you not seeing any state mechanisms? I know certain states, Texas for example, you guys are always paying a big rebate there. Are any of the states looking to  and I know we talked about California and New York with these windfall taxes but just more specifically, the mechanics around how your contracts exist today, do you not think any of that benefit flows back to the states? And then I'd be curious to get your perspectives on long-term. Do you think the states, if they're not capturing it, do you think they come back and try?
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: I think I commented earlier on there are some legislative constraints. I might also comment, Josh, we encourage states to do what we do in Texas. We really like that program. We'll get the actuarially sound rates. We have the highest quality scores there, and they see that we're very efficient with the  when you're, say, giving them checks for $100 million and that, which is a very balanced way to do it versus just cutting across the board. And so I think you'll hear states talk about it as they go through budgets and things, but I'm not making any decisions on the basis that that's going to happen.
Joshua Raskin - Nephron Research LLC: Okay. All right. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Chris Rigg of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Chris Rigg - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good morning. Just wanted to ask about the -
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Good morning.
Chris Rigg - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning, guys, just the SG&A ratio in the fourth quarter. I mean, from afar it looks like there may have been some discretionary spending in there that was maybe not planned, but maybe I'm wrong. Just want to get a sense for how you looked at investment spending in the fourth quarter. Thank you.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Centene Corp.: No. I think if you go back to what we said at our Guidance Day, we said we expected the SG&A ratio to be above 10.5%. I'm, obviously, excluding the charitable contribution. I'm looking at the adjusted SG&A ratio. So really, it was kind of a preview for the costs that we expected to incur on the Marketplace and the Medicare open enrollment period. And if you recall, the government restricted their spending specifically on the Marketplace and so we kind of stepped in and filled the gap. And we added those dollars somewhere around the second and third quarter. So that was really new spending for us. When you look at our original guidance for 2017, that wasn't included, and we effectively took steps to invest in those products. And, obviously, with the results that we have, it's been very successful.
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Yeah. The return on that investment in G&A was very worthwhile.
Chris Rigg - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Understood. And then I apologize for coming back to the MLR floors and the dynamic there, but I just want to make sure, is there at all a component or a dynamic there where, because in certain states the statutory entity includes both Medicaid and the commercial, that helps keep you under the threshold? Or is that not the case? I'm trying to think about that in the context of the overall profitability of the Marketplace business generally. Thanks.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Centene Corp.: Well, I mean, I think that's one of the reasons why it's a little more complicated than you would think right off the cuff is because, in general, the basis that most states would have to leverage some form of tax would be the statutory financial statements. And you're right, there could be multiple products in each one, so it's not as cut and dried as everybody may seem to think.
Chris Rigg - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: And our next question comes from Sarah James of Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Sarah E. James - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thank you. It looks like the Florida invitation to negotiate was put out a few days ago. Could you just update us on how Centene did on that versus your existing regions? And one of your competitors was talking about possibly a protest, so just would love your thoughts on whether or not there was anything unusual in this RFP the way it was set up. I know some states like Ohio had problems in the past, so just was there anything unusual in this one?
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Yeah, I'm not going to comment on what we've been asked to do and not do, that's up to the states to comment on it. I will tell you that I'm not unhappy with what they've asked us to do. And that as it goes forward, I think the world is watching individuals more and more who are not successful for various reasons filing protests, and there's a mechanism and it's their right. And we'll let those things play out. And  but we're confident that our business in Florida is sound, and we've delivered on their expectations, so we'll continue to do well there. Chris (39:57), anything you want to add?
Unknown Speaker: No, I would just add, Michael, and reiterate that we were real pleased with the way that the process is turning out so far and there's more to come.
Sarah E. James - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Great. And just a follow-up on guidance. I appreciate you walking through a few of the moving pieces on MLR guidance as we think through the bridge from this year to next year. Just wanted to clarify if there was a step-up or step-down in expected flu costs in 2017 to 2018; and then if there's any books that are anticipated to improve. So for example, I know that Pennsylvania ABD is relatively new, so has that matured yet or is it still ramping?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Centene Corp.: Yes. With respect to the flu, I think, Michael kind of covered that. Flu is only one component of medical costs. We're talking about one month out of an entire year right now. That's all we have really information on, a little over a month. And so I think I'll just leave that there. And your second question, I mean, we're obviously  I mentioned in the fourth quarter results the commentary about the higher HBR and our new plans. And yeah, we absolutely expect improvements in, I would say, the Nebraska, Missouri, Pennsylvania. Usually, there's continuity in care provisions and new programs, and so if there's nothing different than what we have historically said that they run higher HBRs for the first six to nine months and then we expect those to come down with medical management initiatives, so nothing new there.
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: I might just add, Sarah, that we book a higher number even in what may be calculated, just in the interest of abundance of conservatism.
Sarah E. James - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Kevin Fischbeck of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks. I wanted to go back to a comment you made about 2019 and the thought that the individual mandate repeal is not going to have a meaningful impact on the business. Just wanted to get some color from you guys around why that would be the case, I guess first on the exchanges. And then second, obviously, one of the things that kind of surprised people when Medicaid Expansion went on was the Woodwork Effect and all the people who came out to get insurance there. Thoughts about how that mandate impacted the potential Woodwork dynamic and why that wouldn't be a headwind going forward.
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Well, sure, Kevin. I think our population, we have really focused on sticking to our knitting, as the clich goes, we're very focused on a given level of socioeconomic that's consistent with our population. And that population gets full reimbursement or full coverage for those costs. And so therefore, it's not a question of them having to join or what it's going to cost them because they get the coverage. And so we said it will have a minimal effect on us, we won't say it won't have any, but I think our growth in the overall marketplace and how we're executing on it, we see no reason why that's going to change in 2019. And as I said, the individual mandate, it has very little impact because of the level of coverage our population will receive.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And I guess on the Woodwork Effect, how do you think about that? If not the mandate helping that then what kind of drove that effect?
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Well, I think just the overall impact of the plans and what we're able to offer and once again, the socioeconomic coverage. I mean, the premium subsidies are in the legislation, so when they did away with the CSRs, our population continued to be able to enroll with subsidies through the premium. Now it's been well publicized; it'll cost the government more money that way. And that's why I think they're going to reconsider CSRs going forward. So as people came out and wanted the coverage, the population we serve still had the premium subsidies to protect them.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And I guess this guidance is actually pretty strong guidance. I'm used to you guys providing guidance in December and then basically just kind of reaffirming it when you report the Q4 results because it hasn't been that different. Obviously, tax reform is a unique item and the Fidelis timing also kind of unique items, so you've done things like that in the past on moving guidance on timing. But I don't remember the last time you actually raised guidance on a core basis so quickly, so just wondering kind of what gave you the confidence this early in the year to do that? And how you think about the momentum?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Centene Corp.: Yeah, I mean, I think if you go back, it's just really membership expectations and actual results that we have so far on the Marketplace business. I mean, back in December, I think, we kind of guided to a number of around 1.3 million paid members. And now we're looking at something greater than 1.6 million. So from that perspective, it's just more time has passed and we have certainty on the number of enrollees, and we're obviously  it's been a very successful open enrollment for us. And so we felt we needed to change guidance for the additional revenue and earnings that that's going to deliver.
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: I'll add a little more color to it. At a conference in January, I estimated 1,450,000 people, but what's happened here is you typically would see in the 70s conversion for most people to sign up and actually pay a premium. Well in this particular year, we had a whole lot more people. I'm not going to get super specific, but we had a much higher percentage convert and pay the premium. And so when you see that happening, it says they wanted the insurance and it gives you some confidence that it's going to stick.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right. Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Matt Borsch of BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Matthew Borsch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Maybe I could just continue along on that thread on the ACA exchange membership. So you say you're looking at about 1.6 million. I guess, what I'm wondering is how are you measuring and what kind of fix do you have on the composition of that membership relative to your typical profile of low income, mostly subsidized members.
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Yes, I would say that as we said at our Investor Day and I'll restate it that everything we've seen, the profile of the membership is basically where we have historically received in that. There was a few percent shift from the silver to the bronze, but other than that, the gender, age, every aspect of it is consistent with what we historically have attracted.
Matthew Borsch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): And as you find yourself in markets where you're the only carrier providing coverage, to what extent are you having to fend off maybe regulatory pressure to change your network to make it fit a broader spectrum of potential insureds?
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: No, I would say that we are what we are. We're basically the Medicaid coverage. We have some Medicare now that is also looks to those traditional providers, and we're not going to try and be more than that. Now I want to remind people, while we're the, in some markets, the only exchange product, there are other individual products that may be available through some insureds-type products. But from an exchange standpoint, no, there's been no pressure from the states, and we would be very quick to resist any pressure to change and move away from what is our traditional membership.
Matthew Borsch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thank you.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Dave Windley of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
David Howard Windley - Jefferies LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Morning.
David Howard Windley - Jefferies LLC: Shifting to MA, I'm curious if you could describe kind of your level of satisfaction with the enrollment that you've seen in some of your expansion markets for Medicare Advantage and then also your reaction to CMS's proposed change to the calculation on crosswalking, if you think that'll stick and how you might mitigate your 2019 Stars impact if that is not available to you. Thanks.
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: I think there's several factors. We've been satisfied that we're continuing to build the Medicare as we did the early stages of the exchange products, and we're sticking to that methodical growth and being very careful about it. And it's growing at said (49:23) levels. And it's not just that, it's between now and the end of the year because once again there's programs to enroll individuals as they become age eligible to move into Medicare. So that aspect of it is not a problem. Relative to the crosswalk, that's not been fully defined, and we continue to talk to CMS about the calculations and how they reach the level of our Stars. And there was some double jeopardy. And I remind everybody, this was before Centene owned Health Net that this all occurred. So we're working through it, and I think we're finding that CMS is listening to our arguments. And it still has a little ways to play out.
David Howard Windley - Jefferies LLC: Would you expect those conversations to conclude before you submit bids for 2019? Or what do you think the timing would be on having clarity on that?
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Oh, I think we will have some clarity in the very near future. But 2019, we'll look at our bids, what's appropriate to bid, not just based on that.
David Howard Windley - Jefferies LLC: Sure. All right. Thank you.
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Let me just  I want to be very careful. This is a one-year issue for 2019, and that's the benefit of having our scale and size. When you're a $62 billion company, you can look at it and say there are offsets to that one year. And so as I look at it, if it was a multiple year and a big issue, then it would be something else. But right now it's well within our scope of copability.
David Howard Windley - Jefferies LLC: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question today comes from A. J. Rice of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
A. J. Rice - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thanks. Hello, everybody.
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Good morning.
A. J. Rice - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: First, Michael, you mentioned the waiver process and states going through that, and I know we have two states, Kentucky and Indiana, that have so far been approved to add a work requirement and others are looking at it. What is your view on that? And are there particular aspects to those waivers that you're trying to make sure that are included as they roll those out?
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Well, we're working carefully with the states and talking about it. I want to be careful when I'm talking to states that they don't hear about something that they haven't announced. But I will tell you this, on the work, I'm an advocate of it. When we do what we do, we look at what's sound public policy, and looking at where we are and what's affordable and where things are, I think it would be very important to do that. And as they become successful in the workforce, they can move over and join our exchange program.
A. J. Rice - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Just a point on the quarter, we saw the Services business grow, I think, 9% after two quarters, where year-to-year it was down. Is there anything to highlight there? And do you expect to see growth in the Services business in 2018?
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Jeff, you want to take that?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Centene Corp.: Yeah. A couple things. I would say the Services business is a little bit lumpy on the top line, really driven by contract reconciliations for the Centurion business, the Fed Services business. The other thing is we did have a small acquisition where we added cystic fibrosis to our specialty pharmacy company, so that will add a little bit of revenue. But I think I mentioned at our Investor Day we're looking at maybe a couple hundred million dollar growth year-over-year, 2017 to 2018.
A. J. Rice - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Justin Lake of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Thanks. Good morning.
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Good morning.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Wanted to follow up on your comments around the Fidelis deal. The discussion around the foundation is really helpful. The other thing that was in the Governor's budget was looking to collect I think it was $750 million from conversions, M&A, et cetera, kind of like some kind of not-for-profit tax on conversion. So can you talk a little bit about this? From the perspective that they're looking for $750 million, we don't know how they're going to calculate it. I don't know if it's per deal. And then the Fidelis agreement indicates that they have a maximum number set aside in terms of proceeds, where I think they said anything above $375 million less than proceeds could break the deal. So I'm curious, if it is $750 million, how you would look to bridge that, potentially just increase the purchase price et cetera. So any kind of comments around those two things would be really helpful. Thanks.
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Sure. First, I'll tell you that those are negotiations between the cardinal and seven other archbishops and so I want to be very careful to not interject myself in the middle of it. That we're going to pay them $3.75 billion for the business and I'm not going to increase that, okay? Now if they decide they want to pay a little bit more, which might make sense from their perspective, to get the balance of that money, great. So I think at this point, I'm going to let them and the Governor and the AG's office have that negotiation. I know it's ongoing. And the best thing I can do is stay out of it. Because we're working through the other side of it very effectively and we're pleased with how that's going. Chris Koster has been driving that for us. He's a former AG here in Missouri who has joined our staff, and is very effective in dealing with regulatory issues. So I'm trying to be as diplomatic as I can and tell you that I think the church has every interest to get this done because are they better off getting nothing or some significant portion of the $3.75 billion. I think the difference between the $750 million you quoted and I'm not going to give any credence to that and the $375 million is a mere $375 million.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Right, no, that makes sense. Then just to be clear, if there's a delineation between the foundation, which is always kind of set up with any (56:34) kind of not-for-profit conversion like there was with Empire when it made the conversion to for-profit status and the $750 million, right? This is a tax on the top. Whatever is left would be expected to go into a foundation and that's a separate...
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Justin, this is very different. They went from a not-for-profit to a for-profit status. This is a not-for-profit company. Which one, there is no conversion because you're buying assets, okay?
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Right.
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: So it's the matter of some negotiations where they say they have a foundation that owns the plan so to speak, in a manner of speaking. And so it's now converting from that asset to a cash, and the state may see this as an opportunity in discussions to say we should get some small portion of that, and that's fine. But it's very different than an Empire conversion, and it's just very distinctly different.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah, that's helpful. Thanks, Michael.
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Gary Taylor of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Good morning.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I just want to ask Jeff a question about prior period developments in the quarter. It looks like that rolling figure dropped about $101 million sequentially and I just wanted to see if there was any color. Does that imply 4Q development was negative or it was just less positive than 4Q of 2016? Could you help us out?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Centene Corp.: The rolling figure is a 12-month number, I believe, right?
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Right.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Centene Corp.: So but at the end of the day, again, the way we look at development is consistency as a percentage of medical costs, and I think we've historically been into the 1.1% to 1.2% of medical cost as development. So in general, there's nothing unusual there is what I would say.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: It's been rising for seven quarters in a row, and it's dropped off about $100 million sequentially. That's just why it jumped out. But there's nothing you'd call out?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Centene Corp.: Yeah. No. Nothing specific.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Oh, one other thing. I was getting buzzed in my ear when you made the comment about flu for the fourth quarter. Did you say there was 30 basis points of MLR impact on the 4Q 2017 numbers? Or did I write that number wrong?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Centene Corp.: If you're bridging from the third quarter of 2017 to the fourth quarter, it's 30 bps.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Oh, sequentially. Okay.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Centene Corp.: Yes. Sequentially is probably the number I quoted.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Neidorff for any closing remarks.
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Well, I want to thank you all for your participation, and I look forward to talking to you. I'll close by saying that I think the team is very optimistic. We believe that the company is in a good place with a lot of assets that we can continue to serve our investors well. So look forward to talking to you next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: And thank you, sir. Today's conference has now concluded, and we thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-11-04 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Joe Bogdan - Investor Relations Barry Smith - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Jonathan Rubin - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: David Styblo - Jefferies Michael Baker - Raymond James Anagha Gupte - Leerink Partners
Operator: Welcome, and thank you for standing by for the Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now I will turn the meeting over to Joe Bogdan. Please begin.
Joe Bogdan: Good morning, and thank you for joining Magellan Health's Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. With me today are Magellan's Chairman and CEO, Barry Smith; and our CFO, Jon Rubin. The press release announcing our third quarter earnings was distributed this morning. A replay of this call will be available shortly after the conclusion of the call through December 1. The numbers to access the replay are in the earnings release. For those who listen to the rebroadcast of this presentation, we remind you that the remarks made herein are as of today, Wednesday, November 1, 2017, and have not been updated subsequent to the initial earnings call. During our call, we'll make forward-looking statements, including statements related to our growth prospects and our 2017 outlook. Listeners are cautioned that these statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond our control. These risks and uncertainties can cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations, and we advise listeners to review the risk factors discussed in our press release this morning and documents we filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. In addition, please note that Magellan uses certain non-GAAP financial measures when describing our financial results. Specifically, we refer to segment profit, adjusted net income and adjusted EPS, which are defined in our SEC filings and in today's press release. Segment profit is equal to net revenues less the sum of cost of care, cost of goods sold, direct service costs and other operating expenses and includes income from unconsolidated subsidiaries, but excludes segment profit from non-controlling interests held by other parties, stock compensation expense, special charges or benefits, as well as changes in the fair value of contingent consideration recorded in relation to acquisitions. Adjusted net income and adjusted EPS reflect certain adjustments made for acquisitions completed after January 1, 2013, to exclude noncash stock compensation expense resulting from restricted stock purchases by sellers, changes in the fair value of contingent consideration, amortization of identified acquisition intangibles, as well as impairment of identified acquisition intangibles. Please refer to the tables included with this morning's press release, which is available on our website for a reconciliation of GAAP financial measures to the corresponding non-GAAP measures. I will now turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Barry Smith.
Barry Smith: Thank you, Joe. Good morning and thank you all for joining us today. Before we begin, I'd like to acknowledge the unfortunate series of events across our country that have transpired since our last call. Several hurricanes, wildfires, and the mass shooting in Las Vegas and yesterday's tragic events in New York, have once again brought behavioral health issues and the emotional toll of such events to the forefront of our national conversation. I am so proud of the way our company responded in the face of such tragedy. Many of our associates donated their time and money to organizations that are helping victims of these incidents. In addition, we offered free confidential 24-hour counseling and referrals to local community resources, leveraging our unique expertise in behavioral health management. In the face of such devastation, it is reassuring to see our 10,000 Magellan Associates stepping up to help individuals striving to lead healthy, vibrant lives. In my comments this morning, I'll review the third quarter results, provide an update on the Senior Whole Health acquisition, highlight activities within the healthcare and pharmacy segments and share our priorities for the remainder of the year. Then I'll turn the time over to Jon to discuss the financials in more detail. With the third quarter, we reported net revenue of $1.4 billion, net income of $32.5 million and EPS of $1.32. Our adjusted net income was $40.4 million or $1.64 per share, and we achieved segment profit of $87.7 million. As we announced yesterday, we completed the acquisition of Senior Whole Health. Senior Whole Health has an outstanding management team and reputation, a strong track record of growth and extensive experience facilitating high-quality, cost-effective health care for its members. Expanding our footprint and expertise in this high-growth area of healthcare helps to accelerate our strategy. I would also like to note that Senior Whole Health's 2018 Medicare plans recently earned a 4.5 star rating, which underscores the company's commitment to quality care for their membership. Integration planning is on track and we are still targeting approximately 10 million in synergies once complete. We are updating our full year 2017 guidance to reflect the closing of Senior Whole Health, lower segment profit in the healthcare business and an improved effective tax rate. Jon will provide more details later in the call. Before I move on to our healthcare business, I'd like to provide an overview of the work Magellan is doing to help address the opioid epidemic. Last week, the President declared this a national public health emergency, which helps direct and focus federal and state resources. Magellan has solutions that address the epidemic in three distinct phases: before opioids are needed, when an opioid is prescribed and when opioids are misused. We're utilizing evidence-based best practices such as medication, assisted treatment, office-based opioid treatment and psychosocial services, including computerized cognitive behavioral therapy as well as medical management tools such as clinical edits [ph] and dosing limits to help individuals with opioid use disorder and prevent misuse or diversion among individuals whose pain is being clinically managed with opioids. Leveraging our background of behavioral health, we also have peer support and individualized care management programs to help people on their path to recovery and resiliency. The severity of this epidemic requires the entire healthcare continuum to reflect upon its current role in a person's journey from opioid misuse to recovery and find new and innovative ways to help people get and stay healthy. Next, let me provide you with an update on our sales process in our commercial healthcare business. One of our largest specialty healthcare contracts conducted a competitive procurement process. Not only were we able to renew the contract, but the customer also expanded the scope of our relationship to include the management of physical medicine. Our healthcare pipeline remains strong and converting these opportunities into signed contracts is a top priority for us. As we continue to work through the sales process, we are seeing some delays in new sales and the timing of customer limitations beyond 2017. During our second quarter 2017 earnings call, we discussed improvement plan - our improvement plan regarding 2 commercial healthcare accounts. I'm pleased to report that progress on these accounts is well underway, which has helped us to achieve improved operating results versus the second quarter. Now I'll provide some updates on our government business. In Virginia, membership in the Commonwealth Coordinated Care Plus program is scheduled to phase in from August 1, 2017, to January 1, 2018. To-date, we have successfully launched in three initial regions. In addition, we received approval to launch in all remaining localities by January 1, 2018. With respect to our SMI plan in Florida, we recently submitted our bid response to the Agency for Health Care Administration and anticipate a decision on the award during the second quarter of 2018. This has been an exceptional partnership with the state to create the nation's first Medicaid specialty plan focused on persons with serious mental illness. We look forward to moving ahead into the next phase, but of course, there are no guarantees in any procurement. I would like again to acknowledge our team's impressive response to our members impacted by Hurricane Irma, particularly in light of their own challenges and recovery from the storm. Turning to our Pharmacy business. We continue to provide a differentiated approach to pharmacy benefits management in the market. We focus on full-service capabilities while emphasizing specialty drug and medical pharmacy benefit management. We continue to see evidence that our value proposition is resonating in the market with these sales, including a large employer and two new health plans. In August, we hosted our 14th Annual Specialty Summit, which brought together industry experts, clients and pharma to discuss key issues in the specialty drug space. Over the years, this has become a must-attend event across the industry, reflecting Magellan's thought leadership in this area. In addition, we recently released the second annual Medicaid trend report, which highlights the dramatic double-digit growth at specialty drug spend in the Medicaid fee-for-service space. These findings pinpoint the growing need for states to be more engaged and innovative when it comes to pharmacy management and sets Magellan RX apart with robust clinical and cost management tools to help customers address these rising trends. For the balance of the year, we will remain focused on the implementation of our Virginia program and the integration of Senior Whole Health. Success in these major initiatives fuels future growth and fulfills our mission in leading humanity to healthy vibrant lives. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Jon Rubin. Jon?
Jonathan Rubin: Thanks, Barry, and good morning, everyone. In my comments this morning, I'll review third quarter results, share additional details on the acquisition of Senior Whole Health and provide an update on Magellan Complete Care of Florida capitation rates. I'll then discuss our revised outlook for the full year and provide some initial commentary about our 2018 business plan. For the quarter, revenue was approximately $1.4 billion, which represents an increase of 10% over the same period in 2016. This increase was mainly driven by net business growth and the annualization of revenue from prior year acquisitions. Net income was $32.5 million and earnings per share was $1.32. This compares to net income and EPS of $25.5 million and $1.06 respectively for the third quarter of 2016. Adjusted net income was $40.4 million and adjusted earnings per share was $1.64. This compares to adjusted net income of $33.3 million and adjusted EPS of $1.39 from the prior year quarter. Segment profit was $87.7 million for the third quarter, compared to $82.8 million in the prior year quarter. For our healthcare business, segment profit for the third quarter of 2017 was $57.6 million, which represents a decrease of 4% compared to the third quarter of 2016. This decrease is mainly due to the prior year quarter, including $13 million of favorable out-of-period adjustments, partially offset by improved results in our government healthcare business. Our healthcare results this quarter reflect the progress we've made in addressing the commercial account pressures. Specifically, we've made rate adjustments and begun initiatives to improve medical costs. While progress has been slower than originally forecasted, we still expect to have the issues resolved by the end of the year. Turning to pharmacy management, we reported segment profit of $38.7 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2017, which was an increase of 20% from the third quarter of 2016. This increase was primarily due to PBM new business, improved margins and earnings from the Veridicus acquisition, which closed in December 2016. Regarding other financial results, corporate costs inclusive of eliminations, but excluding stock compensation expense, totaled $8.5 million in the current quarter compared to $9.4 million in the third quarter of 2016. This decline is due to a decrease in the discretionary benefit expenses. Total direct service and operating expenses, excluding stock compensation expense and changes in fair value contingent consideration, was 15.4% of revenue in the current quarter compared to 17% in the prior year's quarter. This decrease is primarily due to the suspension of the Health Insurer Fee and business growth and mix. Stock compensation expense for the current quarter was $10.3 million, an increase of $1.1 million from the prior year's quarter. This change is related primarily to higher vesting of employee stock awards. The effective income tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2017, was 34.4% compared to 51.9% in the prior year period. Last year's tax rate was impacted by nondeductible losses at AlphaCare. In addition, the current year-to-date effective rate is lower due to the suspension of the nondeductible Health Insurer Fees and the favorable tax impact of stock option exercises. Our intention is to merge the Senior Whole Health New York and AlphaCare subsidiaries, which we anticipate will result in a fourth quarter reversal of tax valuation allowances recorded against the deferred tax asset for historical net operating losses in AlphaCare. As a result of these items, we now anticipate a full year effective income tax rate of approximately 30%. Our cash flow from operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2017, was $112.7 million. This compares to cash flow used in operations of $7.6 million for the prior year period. The prior year was impacted by the portion of contingent consideration payments related to the CDMI acquisition that we recorded in cash flow from operations and the initial buildup of Part D receivables. As of September 30, 2017, the company's unrestricted cash and investments totaled $480.5 million compared to $293.9 million at December 31, 2016. Approximately $125.6 million of the unrestricted cash and investments at September 30, 2017, related to excess capital and undistributed earnings held at regulated entities. Restricted cash and investments at September 30, 2017, grew to $347.7 million versus $315.9 million at December 31, 2016. This increase was primarily due to growth in Magellan Complete Care of Florida and Virginia. Year-to-date, through October 27, 2017, we repurchased approximately 226,000 shares for $17.2 million. We have $57.6 million remaining in our share repurchase authorization program, which runs through October 26, 2018. During the third quarter, we completed an inaugural $400 million public bond offering. The notes were issued on September 22, 2017, at a public offering price of 99.8% and bear interest at 4.4%. We also took advantage of the favorable financing environment to enter into a new banking facility that includes a $350 million 5-year term loan at LIBOR plus 150 basis points and a $400 million revolver. The proceeds from the public note and the new banking facility were used to retire the previously existing banking facilities and provide additional working capital. As we disclosed yesterday, we've completed the acquisition of Senior Whole Health. For the two months of 2017, Senior Whole Health is expected to add approximately $5 million in segment profit, which is net of approximately $5 million of associated transaction costs. With respect to our MCC Florida business, we received final base capitation rates from the state for the twelve months effective October 1. The impact of these base rate changes varies by geography and capitation category across the state and average to an approximate 10% decrease based on Magellan's current membership mix. A portion of this rate decrease was due to reduction in the state fee schedule that largely passes through to providers. Note this decline in the base rates is consistent with our previous expectations. It's also important to note that the state has not yet released the risk adjustment model that gets applied to a plan's base rates. The state has advised health plans that the risk adjustment model will be released in late November. Once rates are finalized, we anticipate that our pretax margins will be more in line with typical Medicaid health plan levels in the low to mid-single-digits. We're updating our full year 2017 guidance to reflect the closing of Senior Whole Health, lower segment profit in the healthcare business and an improved effective tax rate. The change in the segment profit outlook reflects our updated view on the timing of corrective actions in commercial healthcare and the impact of delays in new business sales that Barry discussed. The full year 2017 segment profit guidance is a range of $320 million to $330 million. We now estimate revenue of $5.75 billion to $5.85 billion, adjusted net income of $133 million to $143 million and cash flow from operations of $210 million to $230 million. We're also revising our 2017 guidance for the full year net income to a range of $100 million to $110 million. We now expect 2017 adjusted EPS to be between $5.45 and $5.86 and EPS to be between $4.10 and $4.51 based on average fully diluted shares of 24.4 million. This share count reflects share repurchases and option exercises through October 27, but excludes any potential future activity. We're finalizing our business plan for 2018 and will provide detailed guidance in early December. In advance of the 2018 call, I'll now provide some high-level commentaries. To start, our updated 2017 guidance range for segment profit needs to be adjusted by three factors to arrive at a normalized run rate. First, our year-to-date results include approximately $9 million of net favorable out-of-period adjustments. Second, as noted above, Senior Whole Health is expected to contribute a net $5 million to segment profit in 2017. Finally, the restoration of the Health Insurer Fee in 2018 will have an approximately $18 million favorable impact on segment profit and an approximately offsetting impact on taxes. After adjusting for these three items, our 2017 normalized segment profit would be in the range of $324 million to $334 million. As compared to this normalized rate for 2017, we currently expect that we will have modest segment profit growth in 2018 before the incremental contribution of Senior Whole Health. The primary drivers of this growth are as follows: anticipated new business effective in 2018, the annualization of new business sold during calendar year 2017, same-store growth within existing contracts, the absence of Virginia startup losses in 2018, the full year favorable impact of our commercial healthcare initiatives and the expected favorable impact of pricing and formulary changes in our Part D plan. These favorable variances are expected to be partially offset by the anticipated capitation rate reduction for MCC of Florida. Now in addition to this year-over-year organic growth, we estimate that the Senior Whole Health acquisition will be accretive to net income by approximately $0.60 per share and to adjusted net income by approximately $1 per share as previously disclosed. In summary, we're focused on continued execution for the balance of 2017, including the integration of Senior Whole Health and look forward to providing more details of our 2018 outlook for growth in early December. With that, I'll now turn the call back to the operator and we'll take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. The first question on the line comes from Dave Styblo from Jefferies. Your line is now open.
David Styblo: Hi there good morning, thanks for the questions. I just want to come back to this year's guidance to start with and understand the moving parts there. So if we back out the Senior Whole Health contribution, it sounds like the core part of the business, especially the healthcare side, earnings are coming down. And that sounds like it's largely due to a delay in the new business sales as well as the fix on the two customer accounts, if I have that right. Are those both drags there? And at another part of the earnings of the call, I think you had mentioned that the two customer fixes were a little bit slower than expected, but still to be completed by the end of the year.
Jonathan Rubin: Yes, David, it's Jon. I think that's absolutely right. So the reduction in the current year is due to those two factors. The fact that while we've made significant progress on the corrective actions in second quarter for the healthcare accounts, we're a little bit behind where we expected to be. Similarly on the new business sales, we're continuing both to have good sales results and very strong pipeline as Barry alluded to. It's just that some of the sales in some cases, sales that we've even got signed contracts for are being implemented a little bit later. So the key point I'd make there is both those items are really timing and although they affect the current year, we expect by the end of the year and into 2018 to be fully on track in both those areas with where we expected. So really, it's a current year item.
David Styblo: Okay. And then as we look at the bridge from 3Q to 4Q segment profit, I guess, that implies about a $25 million pickup. I think $5 million of that is - again is from Senior Whole Health. And I know you guys typically receive and recognize your performance payments in the fourth quarter, maybe you could help us quantify what that typically is for this year or what you would expect that to be. And what the rest of the bridge is going to be? Does that contemplate additional improvements in those two customers, including perhaps a retroactive rate fix on those customers? Or what else is it on the numbers basis that can help us get comfortable about the back - about the fourth quarter?
Jonathan Rubin: Yes. So I would say that you hit the majority of the items. So you have Senior Whole Health coming on for the two months. And then the balance, I'd say, is split between 3 different areas, relatively equally weighted. One being the incremental improvement in the commercial healthcare results as we're continuing to make progress in getting increasing momentum there. Second is actually new business growth, meaning across our businesses, we actually have continued to implement new sales in third and fourth quarter and we'll get sort of a full quarter's run rate of that in fourth quarter. And then third is the timing of customer settlements across our businesses. So I would say, if you take out the Senior Whole Health, the balance of the improvement is split relatively evenly between those three areas.
David Styblo: Okay. And I know, kind of going back to the fourth quarter of '16, I know you guys have been sprinkling in comments about delays and new business starts. Can you elaborate more on what's happening there? Is that specific to one or two accounts that have continued to push out and affected the top line and segment profit? Or is it just new accounts that come up and they're not quite ready to get going but you guys again feel confident that, that's coming back in the fourth quarter? Any color there just to give us a better sense of what's happening with the delays?
Barry Smith: Dave, Barry here. Thanks for the question. It's as - as you point out there, we do have ongoing - a very ongoing robust pipeline. And clearly, the clients have a lot going on right now with the change issues that are happening in the marketplace today. They have a lot of operational things to implement over the course of this year going into the next year and some uncertainty. So I think it's been basically a lot on their plate. Now having said that, they're also looking for robust solutions that we provide that allow for increased savings and allow them to achieve what they need to achieve this next year. So it's more an issue of just, I think, a lot on their plates and simultaneously going on, both with the public markets and the individual markets going on.
David Styblo: Okay. And then the last one I had was just about the early comments on 2018. I think one of the areas of the bridge that I didn't hear was the Virginia MLTSS. I think you guys are on track for guidance embedding $15 million to $20 million of losses this year. I want to make sure that, that's still on track. And then is that not a tailwind as you go forward for next year that would be sort of outsized and something to call out?
Jonathan Rubin: Yes, Dave, I think I did mention that or at least I intended to as one of the factors. I called the absence of startup losses in Virginia because of that $15 million to $20 million this year that we hope that, that is one-time in nature. So that is one of the factors.
David Styblo: Okay. And I'm sorry, maybe I did miss that. So that -- I think you guys said the normalized stepping off point for '17 is $324 million to $334 million. And does that include the impact of Virginia in there?
Jonathan Rubin: Yes.
David Styblo: Okay, thanks.
Barry Smith: You bet.
Operator: Our next question on the line is from Michael Baker from Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Michael Baker: Yes, thanks a lot. I was just trying to get some color on how Part D utilization is progressing in light of the formulary change. And typically, when you make changes to the formulary, when do you see a pickup if that occurs? Is it late December? Or would you start to see those type dynamics now?
Jonathan Rubin: Yes, it's a good question, Michael. In terms of the formulary change, I mean, the impact, the major impact doesn't go into effect until 2018. Now whether there's a little bit at the end of the tail end of the year, higher utilization, we'll see. More than anything, though, we are expecting to see some disenrollment as a result of both the formulary changes and the pricing changes that we've implemented for the 2018 year. And while it's very early, we are seeing some initial disenrollment that's at least consistent with our expectations. Which, again, because we were - had a wider formulary than many in the market, our expectation is that many of the members that will disenroll will be those that might have been higher utilizers of certain medications. So still a lot to play out for 2018. We haven't really seen any material change in utilization in third quarter and we'll see in fourth quarter how that plays out.
Michael Baker: That's helpful. And then I had a second question. And Barry, I don't know if you touched on this already, but I'm sure you saw that the Express Scripts bought eviCore. And I was wondering if you could just help us understand some of the differentiating features that you've been successful in building already that you might anticipate that they look to follow with. And I understand that you also have Magellan Complete Care, which is totally separately different. But I'm talking mainly about or what I'd be interested in your color on mainly about, is the marrying of specialty benefits with pharmacy benefits.
Barry Smith: Yes, Michael, we view that acquisition as a real compliment to our strategy. We think we're several years beyond where they are today clearly expresses a very robust, capable company at eviCore. John Arlotta, I know him well, who is the CEO of eviCore. Great company, great guy. We've been very competitive with eviCore and Express clearly in our segment of the market for the last many years. We wouldn't expect that to change dramatically. We do think that intelligently combining the pharmacy with medical specialty benefits is a smart thing to do. And again, we've been doing that for years. And if you think about our medical pharmacy capabilities, we recognize the fact that the spend in the pharmacy world, you've got to link it back through the medical benefit. So we're very robust in our solutions and our capabilities. We think that, that's a great combination for them and we think that's a fine strategy for them. We do think there'll be disruption likely in the market over the next year or so as they figure out how to work together and we think that presents opportunity for our solutions. Again, we've been very competitive in the marketplace - particularly, eviCore has been historically very strong in, for example, RBM management. We're very strong on RBM management. We have excelled, I think, beyond anybody in the market, including eviCore, in musculoskeletal. We have over 7.5 million of lives in musculoskeletal and growing. Again, that's been our new business for the last couple of years. So we think that this combination of both the pharmacy and the medical specialty side is a smart combination. We like to think again that we're fairly far along in that strategy. MCC, as you point out, is the ultimate culmination of that, where we utilize all the attributes and all the capabilities we have in Magellan and apply them to the whole individual. We said years, I guess, two or three years ago, we decided to form Magellan Complete Care. Then if you looked at Magellan's offerings before establishing a health plan, we provided 70% of the special population's needs already. So we have the capacity and we've been able to realize it, Magellan Complete Care, of integrating these benefits in a very unique way in the industry. And we think that's a great strength.
Michael Baker: And then just on another competitive dynamic that seems to be cropping up here. As you know, Anthem appears to be trying to leverage CVS to take the PBM in-house and compete with Prime. As you know, neither of those two have the specialty benefits add-on to it. So what I'm just trying to get a sense of is, do you see the opportunities in light of that competition of picking up or unseating some Blue's business?
Jonathan Rubin: Yes. We've been very successful in the Blue's world. And in fact, a little known fact, many, many years ago before I was born, just kidding, maybe not before I was born, but we were actually started by a consortium of Blues. Again, 30 years plus ago, so it has obviously changed over the years. But because of that fundamental base and understanding, we have a lot of really great Blue's partners. And in terms of the specialty and medical specialty, we're the strongest, I think, in the field within the Blue's market already. Now the combination of Anthem and CVS and - or all these other combinations you're referring to, all will still require this expertise in medical pharmacy. So yes, we do see a robust opportunity for these solutions that we feel we can provide uniquely in the industry.
Michael Baker: Thanks a lot.
Jonathan Rubin: You bet Michael.
Operator: The next question on the line is from Ana Gupte from Leerink Partners. Your line is now open.
Anagha Gupte: Hi, thanks, good morning. A couple of questions just on the earnings and the commentary on '18, and then I just have some other questions I'd love to get your perspective on. The first one is, I think, you said on the Florida rates that the risk adjustment model is still not determined. And I have a recollection that it came in better than expected at one point in time. And might that change your expectation of this modest growth rate or whatever in your net of that capitation rate adjustments for next year off of the $324 million to $334 million jump off.
Jonathan Rubin: Ana, it's Jon. A couple of things. One, with risk adjusters, just by their nature, the risk adjusters themselves move with the population. So in a perfect world, the risk adjusters reflect changes from period to period in utilization. Having said that, in terms of the - our best estimates of the model, we build our best estimates into our outlook that we gave high-level commentary on for 2018 and we're really not expecting any material diversion from that. So, while things can be higher or lower than we expected by small amounts, it won't impact the overall picture that it describes.
Anagha Gupte: And what is - would you say modest is kind of low single, mid-single? Off of that baseline?
Jonathan Rubin: I'm sorry, we're still finalizing the plan. So we're comfortable we'll have the modest growth. But in terms of dimensioning it, you'll have to stay tuned. And again, in early December, we'll give a lot more detail.
Anagha Gupte: Okay, got it. All right. Then a couple of questions I had just - as you look at your Complete Care and behavioral assessments, there's a lot of controversy right now around, firstly - the first question I had was just what are your thoughts around the Executive Order and what that does to essential health benefits? Does it weaken that? And does it weaken the enforcement of mental health parity on a go-forward basis?
Barry Smith: Well, Ana, I'll address the second part of the question first. We think mental health parity has been in the marketplace for many years. Much of that regulation is state-based, and so that really won't change given the federal initiatives and/or Executive Orders going forward. Relative to the impact on mental health parity or essential benefits, clearly, as health plans are approved through the legislation that is proposed or the Executive Order that Trump asked his agencies to consider, it will have an impact on some short-term policies that will last up to a year. We think that those policies are typically designed for a portion of the population that likely would not be as focused on behavioral health. And we also feel that if someone did have someone with serious mental illness in the home, likely they would be looking at policies that were not those short-term policies. They were more long-term oriented. So while we think that the legislation is intended to provide greater access to coverage by more individuals, particularly - in the individual market, we don't think it will have a major impact on our segment of the business relative to either Magellan Complete Care or the SMI population and the benefit for serious mental illness.
Anagha Gupte: And what about substance abuse? Maybe that's not the biggest thing for you, but would that weaken coverage, you think? Which is probably not - it's more aligned with short-term policy type holders I would think.
Barry Smith: The recent announcement in terms of additional focus on the emerging terrible tragedy with opioid abuse and the taking of lives across this country, it's a huge issue. Now clearly, the President's direction and focusing attention is a great thing and we applaud him for doing that. Clearly, the funding is the issue. And if you take a look at some alternatives from the other side of the House, you see some rather substantial requests for funding to address the opioid epidemic. It won't be addressed in a robust fashion until it is funded. We do have unique capabilities and we do - we are part of the dialogue and are very happy to help - continue to help understand and also provide solutions that will help the population and hopefully legislation going forward. As it stands right now, though, there is not a lot of incremental funding so, therefore, we think that the short-term impact will be minimal.
Anagha Gupte: Okay, great. Then one final one on behavioral, if I may. On length of stay, we've been hearing controversial feedback from both the public and then some channel checks around privates and not for profits and they talk about pressure from managed Medicaid around length of stay. How do you see that? Is that a trend? And can this continue? And is it likely to have a natural floor somewhere? As a behavioral health provider, what are your thoughts and what are you seeing in the marketplace with your competitors and yourself?
Jonathan Rubin: Yes. Ana, this is Jon. Other than potentially some isolated issues with competitors, we're not seeing anything. I mean, we're not seeing anything material at all. Our length of stay, as we've managed it, has been pretty stable. And in fact, in some areas, we've been able to drive improvements. So we really haven't seen that in our own book of business.
Anagha Gupte: Okay, great. Can I just switch to just pharmacy? Can you give us your thoughts on the CVS-Aetna potential deal? I mean, I know it's hypothetical at this point, but what kind of value that would add in terms of drug pricing and/or utilizations, specialty pharmacy with the Aetna contracts or home health? Future views or whatever, I guess, as you do this yourself.
Barry Smith: Well, Ana, I'll just share some global thoughts. And of course, your guess is as good as mine in terms of its likelihood and what this would mean. When you take a look at a deal like that, you have to say that this is clearly a strategy to provide a benefit of a more complete healthcare delivery system that would include the ability to drive volume, not only to the pharmacy, but also to [mini clinics] and other services that would be outpatient-based. I think from that standpoint, it's a very interesting strategy. And clearly, if you're not - if you don't have to invest in buildings to house patients that they can contract at a very - as Aetna does, at a very effective rate, a lower rate, it can be a very interesting play on outpatient care generally. In terms of its impact on specialty drug, clearly, CVS is a major player and has access to specialty drug medication management. Again, from our standpoint, we don't know that it really changes the game much at all. People talk about Amazon, for example, getting into the business and others. It's just the world today in flux. We just don't think that, that merger, if it happens, would have a major impact. The reality is players like Aetna, players like Anthem, these are major, major entities that have massive buying capacity. And so they're not typically our clients in that - obviously, they dwarf our size and capabilities in terms of volume. And so when you think about CVS as a provider in the pharmacy world, it means something maybe for the wholesalers. Clearly, they're so large. If you think about Walgreens and CVS that they bypass the typical wholesaler system. And so it has more impact on the supply chain than I think it does on us as an independent PBM. I think it's an interesting play and we'll be all very curious to see where it ends up.
Anagha Gupte: Great, that's most helpful. And one final one. You alluded to Amazon. Would you see you as a PBM that perhaps even goes to risk or other captive PBMs wanting to partner with Amazon? And if they chose to, what would the retailers do? Would they feel like they need to drop out to try to prevent Amazon and force a narrower network? Or would this remain channel agnostic, you think?
Barry Smith: Well, first of all, I'm a big Amazon fan. And if you saw my doorstep, you'd see a lot of boxes inbound. So I think what they do is tremendous. I do think it's fundamentally a different model. They're tremendous in terms of supply chain delivery. And I think that's a great strength. When it comes to partnerships with the existing entities out there, it's safe to say that everybody's talking to everybody and any potential larger player at all, to try to figure out how this fits together. I don't think that - Amazon clearly has great buying capacity, but so does CVS and so does Walgreens. So from that standpoint, it really doesn't change the game materially for guys like us. We are clinically-based, focused on the cost of medications in terms of therapeutic - proper therapeutic use. So we don't think that the entry of Amazon is inherently positive or negative. And in fact, in some ways, we can see it as a big positive for delivery and being able to get what we do to the client's home in a very express and cost-effective way. So we just don't see that Amazon really impacts us. We do think Amazon has the - maybe the ability to impact larger pharmacy entities like CVS or Walgreens, but even there, I would think that Amazon would partner with them. So who knows?
Anagha Gupte: Yes, very helpful. Thanks Barry, your perspectives are always useful.
Barry Smith: You bet Ana, thank you.
Joe Bogdan: Operator, this is Joe. Do we have any other questions?
Operator: Currently, sir, there are no further questions.
Barry Smith: Great. Well we thank you all for joining us today on our call. We look forward to talking again and giving you our view of the first quarter of 2018. Good day.
Operator: And that concludes today's conference call. Thank you very much for your participation. You may now disconnect at this time. Have a great day.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Joe Bogdan - SVP, Investor Relations Barry Smith - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Jon Rubin - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: David Styblo - Jefferies Michael Baker - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Ana Gupte - Leerink Partners
Operator: Welcome and thank you for standing by for the Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now, Ill turn the meeting over to Joe Bogdan. Sir, you may begin.
Joe Bogdan: Good morning, and thank you for joining Magellan Health's second quarter 2017 earnings call. With me today are Magellan's Chairman and CEO, Barry Smith; and our CFO, Jon Rubin. The press release announcing our second quarter earnings was distributed this morning. A replay of this call will be available shortly after the conclusion of the call through August 28th. The numbers to access the replay are in the earnings release. For those who listen to the rebroadcast of this presentation, we remind you that the remarks made herein are as of today Friday, July 28, 2017 and have not been updated subsequent to the initial earnings call. During our call we will make forward-looking statements including statements related to our growth prospects and our 2017 outlook. Listeners are cautioned that these statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond our control. These risks and uncertainties can cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations and we advise listeners to review the risks factors discussed in our press release this morning and documents we filed with or furnish to the SEC. In addition, please note that Magellan uses certain non-GAAP financial measures when describing our financial results. Specifically, we refer to segment profit, adjusted net income, and adjusted EPS, which are defined in our SEC filings and in today's press release. Segment profit is equal to net revenues less the sum of cost of care, cost of goods sold, direct service costs and other operating expenses, and includes income from unconsolidated subsidiaries but excludes segment profit from non-controlling interest held by other parties, stock compensation expense, special charges or benefits, as well as changes in the fair value of contingent consideration recorded in relation to acquisitions. Adjusted net income and adjusted EPS reflects certain adjustments made for acquisitions completed after January 1, 2013 to exclude non-cash stock compensation expense resulting from restricted stock purchase by sellers, changes in the fair value of contingent consideration, amortization of identified acquisition intangibles, as well as impairment of identified acquisition intangibles. Please refer to the tables included in this morning's press release which is available on our website for a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the corresponding GAAP measures. I will now turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Barry Smith.
Barry Smith: Thank you, Joe. Good morning and thank you all for joining us today. In my comments this morning, I'll review the second quarter results, discuss the Senior Whole Health acquisition, touch on the current regulatory environment and provide some additional color on the second half of the year and our longer-term outlook. We reported second quarter net revenue of $1.4 billion, net income of $5.5 million and EPS of $0.23 per share. Our adjusted net income was $14.1 million or $0.59 per share and we achieved segment profit of $54.3 million. The results for the current quarter were negatively impacted by cost pressures in two of our commercial healthcare accounts, as well as adverse experience in our Part D plan. While we are confirming our 2017 guidance for the year we now expect to be approximately at the lower end of our ranges. Jon will provide more details on the quarter results and guidance later in the call. Next let me share some highlights on the acquisitions of Senior Whole Health and how it aligns with our Magellan Complete Care business. We're very excited about this acquisition and the strategic capabilities and expertise it brings us. Senior Whole Health is a specialty managed care organization with a focus on complex high risk populations. They provide both Medicare and Medicaid dual eligible benefits and serve more than 22,000 members across Massachusetts and New York as of July 2017. Senior Whole Health helps to accelerate our Magellan Complete Care strategy. In Massachusetts they serve more than 13,000 members as part of the senior care options program which offers members aged 65 or older quality healthcare that combines Medicare health services with Medicaid social support services. Senior Whole Health has participated in senior care options since the program's inception in 2004. In New York, Senior Whole Health offers Medicaid managed long-term care services to nearly 9,000 members combining Magellans New York program while Senior Whole Health will enhance our scale and capabilities. It's important to note that managed long-term services and supports programs represent a significant growth opportunity for Magellan Healthcare. Positioning Magellan as a leader in the space makes sense both from a strategic and a financial perspective. Senior Whole Health has an outstanding management team and reputation, a strong track record of growth and extensive experience facilitating high quality, cost effective healthcare for its members. Combining the experience, capabilities and services of our two companies enhances our strategy of being a full service managed care company focused on complex populations such as managed long-term services and supports. We expect this transaction to close by the end of the first quarter of 2018 and to be accretive to earnings in the 12 months following. Jon will speak more to the financials later in the call. Upon closing this acquisition, Magellan will operate specialized managed care plans focused on complex populations in four states; Florida, New York, Virginia and Massachusetts with approximately $2.5 billion in annual revenue. This represents significant growth since 2013 when we launched the Magellan Complete Care strategy and set a goal of $2.5 billion revenue by 2018. Specific to our plan in Florida, the reprocurement also known as the ITN has been released and it was written largely as we expected. The responses are due in November and the state expects to make a decision in April of 2018. We feel very good about our current success in Florida, but of course, there are no guarantees with any reprocurement. In Virginia, implementation is on track with a go live scheduled for the Tidewater region on August 1, as well as the Central region on September 1. As we alluded during our Investor Day, we anticipate a $20 billion pipeline of Medicaid new business opportunities in seven to 10 states over the next five years. I am very proud of our success in Magellan Complete Care and look forward to capitalizing on the additional opportunities ahead. Now turning to the regulatory environment, there has been significant activity at the federal level, from last week's intense discussion on healthcare reform issues to the past few days incredible level of activity in the Senate. Meanwhile, Senate and House Committees remain focused on other healthcare matters including reauthorization of the CHIP program and the Medicare Advantage Special Needs Plan. The same is true in the state capitals. States continue to look for ways to improve the quality of care and reduce costs for their Medicaid populations. States are considering new waivers that include additional populations for managed care, mandatory enrollment in certain programs, and [personal] [ph] responsibility and member co-payments, developments we are close to tracking.  The fluidity of the past few weeks is proof of what we shared last month during our Investor Day. Healthcare will continue to be a central part of federal and state policy the debate for the foreseeable future and a focus of congressional and executive branch activity for the next few months. We will continue to remain engaged to these discussions and stand ready to provide our expertise and innovative solutions with the fastest growing most complex areas of healthcare. Magellan is well-positioned to succeed, regardless of what changes may occur at the federal level. Currently, we have limited exposure since less than 5% of our revenue is derived from the ACA. Managing complex populations will drive the most significant growth opportunities over the next several years. And addressing the needs of these populations requires our unique expertise. The changing healthcare environment requires companies who can respond quickly. Lastly, as the role of states rose, we have the longstanding relationships and expertise to provide input as they create new and innovative programs.  For the balance of the year, we are focused on the successful implementation of our Virginia program and actions to improve results for our commercial healthcare business. Looking ahead, Magellan is well-positioned for growth beyond 2017. As we discussed at Investor Day, our long-term objectives include organic revenue growth of 10% to 15%, organic segment profit growth of approximately 10%, and adjusted earnings per share growth of 10% to 15% which includes the impact of capital deployment. Leading humanity to healthy vibrant lives is a pursuit that guides and inspires us. With our two growth engines, healthcare and pharmacy, Magellan is a repositioned company at an inflection point for sustained growth never losing sight of the customers we work with and the members that we serve. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Jon Rubin. Jon?
Jon Rubin: Thanks, Barry, and good morning everyone. In my comments this morning, Ill review second quarter results, discuss our outlook for the full-year, and share additional details on the recently announced acquisition of Senior Whole Health. For the quarter, revenue was $1.4 billion, which represents an increase of 22% over the same period in 2016. This increase was mainly driven by net new business growth and the annualization of revenue from prior year acquisitions. Net income was $5.5 million and EPS was $0.23. This compares to net income in EPS of $4 million and $0.16 for the second quarter of 2016. Adjusted net income was $14.1 million and adjusted EPS was $0.59. This compares to adjusted net income of $14.4 million and adjusted EPS of $0.58 for the second quarter of 2016. Segment profit was $54.3 million for the second quarter, compared to segment profit of $56.9 million in the second quarter of 2016. The current quarter results included approximately $3 million of unfavorable out-of-period items, primarily related to unfavorable care development in the Healthcare Segment. For our healthcare business, segment profit for the second quarter of 2017 was $30 million, which represents the decrease of 13% compared to the second quarter of 2016. This decrease is mainly due to the moratorium on the Health Insurer Fee, cost pressures in two of our commercial healthcare accounts, contract implementation costs and net unfavorable out-of-period items, partially offset by improved results in our government healthcare business and contributions from AFSC, which was acquired in July 2016. Relative to the cost pressures emerging in two of our commercial healthcare accounts, we're aggressively working on improvement actions including both care management initiatives and potential rate adjustments, and expect to see more favorable results in the second half of the year. Our pipeline continues to be robust with interest from both current and new health plan customers in our behavioral and specialty products. As we continue to work through these opportunities, we're seeing some delays in new sales and the timing of customer implementations. Turning to Pharmacy Management, we reported segment profit of $33.9 million for the quarter ended June 30, 2017, which was an increase of 5% from the second quarter of 2016. The increase was primarily due to net business growth and earnings from the Veridicus acquisition, partially offset by higher investments to support growth initiatives. In our Part D business, we've experienced approximately $9 million in losses through the first half of 2017. Based on our enrollment profile and claims experience through June 30 as well as normal benefit seasonality, we now expect the Part D result to be a loss of approximately $10 million for the full-year, which is below our previous expectations of breakeven. Last month, we submitted our Part D bid, CMS for the 2018 plan year. In the bid, we made material changes to our formulary to better align that was a PDP marketplace offerings and also increased our member premiums to correspond with emerging claims experience. While we expect this will result in lower membership in revenue in 2018, we believe that these actions will lead to improve member selection and financial results in 2018 and beyond. Regarding other financial results, corporate costs includes the eliminations, but excluding stock compensation expense totaled $9.6 million, which is roughly comparable to the $9.8 million in the second quarter of 2016. Total direct service and operating expenses, excluding stock compensation expense, changes in fair value of contingent consideration, and impairment of acquisition intangible with 15.5% of revenue in the current quarter compared to 17.1% in the prior year quarter, this decrease is primarily due to the suspension of the Health Insurer Fee, business growth and mix partially offset by start up costs in Virginia. Stock compensation expense for the current quarter was $11.4 million, an increase of $1.9 million from the prior year quarter. The change is related primarily to higher investing of employee stock awards and investing of restricted stock associated with the AFSC acquisition. The effective income tax rate for the six months ended June 30, 2017 was 43.8% compared. We continue to expect a full-year effective income tax rate of approximately 40%. Our cash flow from operations for the six months ended June 30, 2017 was $3.8 million. This compares to net cash used by operating activities of $119.2 million for the prior year period, which was impacted by several factors including the continue consideration payment related to the CDMI acquisition. The initial build-up of Part D receivables and the run-out of claims related to our former contract with the State of Iowa. As of June 30, 2017, the Companys unrestricted cash and investments totaled $273.3 million versus $293.9 million at December 31, 2016. Approximately $116.6 million of the unrestricted cash and investments at June 30, 2017 related to excess capital and undistributed earnings held at regulated entities. Restricted cash and investments at June 30, 2017 was $316.9 million simlar to the balance at December 31, 2016. Year-to-date through July 21, 2017 we repurchased approximately 90,000 shares for $6.4 million. We have $68.4 million remaining in our share repurchase authorization program which our Board of Directors has extended for one-year through October 26, 2018. We're planning to refinance our credit facility by the end of the third quarter in order to retire our existing bank debt and provide some additional capital flexibility. We expect the new facility will be a mix of bank revolver, bank term debt, and a public bond offering. We also plan a subsequent public bond offering to fund the Senior Whole Health acquisition. Both completion of all of the anticipated financing activities we expect our leverage ratio of net debt-to-EBITDA to remain below our target of 2.5 times. Now turning to our 2017 guidance. While we're confirming our guidance for 2017 we expect our results to be approximately at the low end of our ranges for the following reasons. Timing of sales and implementation of new business, isolated care pressures in two of our commercial healthcare accounts and adverse experience in our Part D plan. As a reminder our guidance ranges are as follows: revenue of $5.8 to $6.1 billion, net income of $90 million to $114 million. EPS in the range of $3.72 to $4.71, segment profit of $329 million to $349 million, adjusted net income of $123 million to $145 million, adjusted EPS in the range of $5.08 to $5.99 and cash flow from operations in the range of $150 million to $182 million. Compared to the first half of 2017 we expect an increase segment profit run rate for the remainder of the year due to the following factors. The implementation of actions to improve results in commercial healthcare, business growth, rate increases, normal earnings seasonality in our Part D plan and the timing of customer settlements across our businesses. As Barry mentioned earlier in the call we anticipate the acquisition of Senior Whole Health will close by the end of the first quarter of 2018 after we obtain the required regulatory approvals. Senior Whole Health is achieved impressive growth over the last few years and in 2017 is expected to have revenue of approximately $1 billion as well as segment profit of approximately $60 million. We expect the impact of this acquisition to be accretive in the 12 months following closing of approximately $0.60 for EPS and $1 for adjusted EPS. Beyond 2018, were also anticipating synergies of approximately $10 million annually as a result of savings from insourcing pharmacy and behavioral health services, as well as administrative expense efficiencies. In 2017, we expect acquisition and integration costs associated with the Senior Whole Health acquisition to be approximately $3 million to $5 million. In summary, as Barry noted, we will be focused on execution during the second half of the year to achieve solid segment profit growth and position us well to meet our long-term growth objectives. With that, Ill now turn the call back over to the operator for questions. Operator? 
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will be coming from Dave Styblo of Jefferies. Your line is open.
David Styblo: Hi there, good morning. Thanks for the questions. Let me start out with cost issues there with two healthcare customers. Can you guys just elaborate more on what the issue is when you discovered there was a cost problem. And then obviously, the remediation is medical management and potentially a rate hike I guess. How easy it is to  I'm assuming this would be a rate increase intra-year, intra-contract, how easy is it to do that? And then historically I know this issue sort of come up on ironically on the second quarter where you have a blip like this, investors become concerned. And then suddenly in the third quarter you've made some significant improvements. So is this similar to what has happened in history or how was this different?
Barry Smith: Great. Dave, let me try to take all your question. First, relative to the commercial accounts, I would emphasize these are isolated incidents and really there's two accounts. The first account, the long-term customer where a portion of their program they experienced higher than usual turnover in membership and the members  net-net the members came on had higher cost in utilization. The second customer is actually a new customer this year. And the use of certain services, again isolated portions of the account were higher then the underwriting data had indicated, the data that we had used in underwriting. So given again the uniqueness of these situations and the fact that there were significant changes versus what would have been expected coming into the year, we are working with both customers to obtain appropriate rate adjustments and are also in the process of developing and implementing care management actions. Now, every situation is different, so it's a little bit hard to generalize, but I would say in general where there are changes in a calendar year, where there are significant population changes or new programs being introduced, second quarter does tend to be a time when you get a good run rate for the year. First quarter you get some indication. We did have some indication that there were some volatility in these customers, but first quarter is tough because you don't have complete claims at that point, so second quarter you have a much more complete run rate and we feel comfortable that we've got a good bead on it. And net-net, we still have some execution to do, but I'm confident based on where we are that we will make the improvements we need over the second half of the year. And most importantly, I don't believe either of these issues will persist beyond 2017, so in 2018 we should have things that are fully corrected. Hopefully that answers your questions Dave.
David Styblo: Yes. That helps. With regard to  can you quantify how much this impacted the second quarter results and was this part of I think it was $3 million of unfavorable development or those  is that part of it as well?
Jon Rubin: Yes. The short answer is  and the second part of your question is yes, that's part of it. There's always an unfavorable development as well as in utilization within the quarter a lot of puts and takes. There's always going to be accounts that are positive and negative, so it's a little bit hard to isolate what part of the $3 million. But yes, that was definitely a part of it. In terms of impact in the quarter, again that's also a little hard to quantify because it depends on what your starting point is, but I would say that relative to where we were coming into the quarter. So if you look at things at the end of first quarter and even as we project for the full-year, I would say things got worse in sort of $5 million to $10 million range on those customers. But again, it depends on what your starting point is when you're measuring it.
David Styblo: Okay. So $5 million to $10 million plus $3 million of unfavorable, a chunk of that sort of a total impact for the quarter.
Jon Rubin: I mean roughly speaking, yes.
David Styblo: Okay. And then as far as tying that into your guidance, you're obviously pointing towards the lower end. What does that contemplate for fixing this or fixing these two customers? Is that assumes some improvement getting back to sort of a normalized earnings rate or no material improvement? Where does that lay in terms of squaring that up with the segment profit guidance?
Jon Rubin: Yes, again we do expect that we will see material improvement in these customers over the balance of the year. So we think without splitting hairs in terms of getting back to what the alternate run rate will be we think we will largely solve the problem over the second half of the year, based on where we are today and we've made good progress.
Barry Smith: And Dave its Barry here as well, we don't anticipate these issues following in 2018 either. So these are shorter term client issues, we think we can resolve.
David Styblo: Okay, all right. Thats helpful. And then on the Part D, so the drag is more than you guys are expecting. What is the miss because I feel like this  I believe this happened last year where things trended a little bit worse than you initially expected. What are you learning and discovering for the process where the initial bogey comes up a little bit short?
Jon Rubin: Yes, I would say a couple of things Dave, and again this is similar instances where we talked earlier in the commercial side. Again second quarter is when we get really a good bead on Part D as well for the year. As you probably know from having watched us, we did see a pretty substantial increase in membership this year, and really looking at, if you looked at it over the past couple months, one, we do have a larger formulary then average in the market. We're probably more consistent with some of the richer enhanced plans out there. And as a result we believe that that has led to some adverse selection with higher utilizers as part of that significant membership growth we're seeing. Now again you do get higher rebates in some cases for those drugs, but we're not able to kind of completely offset that higher utilization. Year-over-year though, although the loss is similar to $10 million loss, we do have  we are projecting roughly double the revenue this year. So we have made some improvement in the margins year-over-year, but obviously not getting all the way to where its fully corrected. Now the good news is for 2018, we were able to reflect the emerging experience into our bid. We made much more significant changes in the formulary. To the point now where, we believe we're going to be fully competitive with the market and also have relatively material member premium increases built in, especially in some of the geographies where they've been less profitable. So net-net again, 2018 is the first year we really take in aggressive action to get that formulary in line with the competition and again fully reflect the current run rate. And well as noted in the  noted earlier, we do think we'll see some membership in revenue losses in 2018 as a result of that. We are confident and I'm confident that we'll see much stronger financial results.
David Styblo: Got it, okay. And then Virginia, I know we're not going live and so a couple more days from now, but can you quantify how much of the $15 million to $20 million start of costs for the full-year numbers are in the 2Q results or can you give us a sense of what's going to be in 2Q? How much is going to be 3Q? And to the extent that you guys can file guidance for a quarter, I think that would help if investors are better hang of have things, because your earnings are obviously very volatile quarter-to-quarter, you guys willing to give us a little bit more color on specific necessity around what the 3Q segment profit should look like?
Barry Smith: Okay, a couple different questions in there. So Virginia, in this quarter was sort of in the $5 million to $6 million of readiness expenses and there was a little bit in first quarter, just to give us a sense for what's flowed through year-to-date. In terms of in terms of the third quarter, so we talked about in the script, the full-year versus the first half of the year and the items that are driving that obviously the improvement in Part D since weve loss $9 million to-date as well as we talked with the commercial healthcare accounts and the actions we've got other rate increases business growth in the timing of customer settlements. Now, Id say if you think about those items, the timing of customer settlements tends to be heavier in the fourth quarter, but the other items you know should be  the improvement we should start to see  we should see significant results in the third quarter. So I would expect fourth quarter will be a little bit higher than the third if you think about getting to the lower end of the guidance, but the third quarter should be of material step up from where we are for the first six months on a prorated basis.
David Styblo: Got it. Thanks. Ill step back for others.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Michael Baker with Raymond James. Your line is open.
Michael Baker: Yes, thanks a lot. On the Part D if I remember correctly. They kind of started out this way and then it might have been improved or at least was stable into the third quarter and then the fourth quarter was disappointment I believe from your perspective and I'm just trying to get a little bit of color on - obviously you're looking for improvement this year? Why you think it will play out differently than it did last year and certainly understand that last year was a first-year and you have more understanding of how it works and everything else?
Barry Smith: Yes, well, I think this is future plan issues they play out. One is from a pattern standpoint we still expect, second half the year to be better than the first half because of the benefits seasonality quarter-to-quarter things can bounce around a little bit last year you're right fourth quarter was a little bit higher. But we look at that really more an aberration been anything else. So I would just look at it as again second half for the year, we expect to be roughly breakeven given we're $9 million loss already in the year based on our actuarial projections and what both are internal projections and from our outside actuaries. So that's in terms of what's different as we go forward though again it really is going to be in 2018 the impact of restricting the formulary that we think will have a bigger impact as we go forward. Now we did a little bit of that last year's you might recall and thats improved the margin to sort of cut the losses on a percentage of revenue basis and half this year. But in order for us to fully get to a profitable run rate we believe again we've got that formulary to be competitive with the market. As well as on a targeted basis getting rates aligned at a place where we can be profitable.
Michael Baker: And what drove the aberration in the fourth quarter of last year. Just a little bit of color if you have that?
Barry Smith: Yes, I wouldn't - nothing that would jump out I think as people are there's a lot of change in the market in the last month of the year sometimes people might utilize services because they're not sure what's going to be covered or in some cases we made formulary changes they might be getting drug. But and there was growth through the year as well last year membership growth. So you had some people that were coming on that hadn't used their benefits yet so the pattern was a little bit different in the fourth quarter. But I wouldn't look at it is material. I mean you are going to see some volatility from quarter-to-quarter in the program.
Michael Baker: Okay and where is your membership that in the second quarter?
Barry Smith: Think we're roughly a little bit over 100,000 in the second quarter and we were in the low-60s at year-end just giving you some sense for the growth this year.
Michael Baker: That's helpful. And then I wanted to get a little bit more color on delay and sales decisions and customer implementation to try and get a better understanding of some of those underlying drivers?
Jon Rubin: Michael, we had a very robust pipeline and we still have a robust pipeline. I think sometimes the customers might be able bit slower to decide and there might have been some customers who were in this particular case this year who actually agreed to go with us which were thrilled about but that decision came a little later or their limitations were later. So we're not just lead to big center to go with us. But the implementations are having in a couple of cases it will be in 2018 versus 2017. It bodes well for 2018 but that's typically to case it's not that the pipeline is any smaller or a success rate is any less in fact it's quite the opposite we've been very successful at the marketplace and what anticipate future success as well.
Michael Baker: Okay and Barry just as a follow-up to that can you give a sense of - you'd indicated that the pipeline was robust a little bit of flavor or color around the types of services that are being requested and demanded. I know you kind of have more broadly kind of brought it all together to say behavioral and specialty. Can you kind of order some of those just roughly on what seems to be kind of top of mind to customers? And then on the specialty side just a little bit of detail on particular which some of those might be?
Barry Smith: You bet. The clients today  our customers today are looking for new solutions because they felt the financial pressure largely from the exchange challenges they have had last year and this year. They've also been much more open to new products and new services just trying to find ways to be more efficient about delivering those services and optimize the quality. So we see an increase in behavioral health, but importantly the clients are today very dissimilar to two or three years ago are looking for more of an integrated approach. So while though by BH or have historically been a BH client that looking for add-on services.  These are clients where we have great relationships. They've been appreciated with the level of service and the outcomes they've had with us, and so now they're willing to consider other options such as MSK, enhanced RBM converting from fee-for-service to risk product with RBM. So we have a host of these new add-on services that are very successful for us. For example, I've not seen over the last two years, it's gone from basically a product introduction to 7 million covered lives for us. So these are real opportunities we see to develop add-on products and services. Again, the difference is historically used to be a kind of one dimensional by BH, but today we're seeing more of that. We're also seeing clients add-on services. We have many of our clients that are utilizing not just one service, but two, three, four, and five of our services and more. The other thing is a little bit different is that we've had add-on clients that have crossed over from medical services to pharmaceutical services. And this is particularly true with the medical specialty area where they see a real challenge with controlling their specialty drug costs being the largest single component of their increase. And so they have a good experience with us on the RBM side, MSK or BH side. There is more life to look at us also and engage on the Rx side in medical specialty particularly.
Jon Rubin: The other thing just quickly I'd add to Barrys comments which are right on is that, few things that we're seeing that have clearly picked up over the last year or so Michael are one; behavioral health where that had been slow for a number of years, I think because of some of the complex populations that health insurers are taking on vis--vis the exchanges, Medicaid expansion. There's more demand for our services in behavioral health that we've seen in some time. In some of that, I think the capabilities and the talent that we've built up internally. Second thing is in it probably for similar reasons as we are seeing more interest in risk coverage which has been in our sweet spot historically, where both from new customers, but also ASO customers that we're able to convert to rest. So those areas have picked up which obviously is a good thing for us.
Barry Smith: The only thing Id say to [indiscernible] Michael, I would just reflecting upon two, three, four years ago versus today. Weve spent a lot of resources both financially as well as our personnel in modernizing our product, and thats true, the BH is also true of RBM and Musculoskeletal is the good example of that. So we're able to bring new services and very innovative services to the marketplace that really didn't exist before Cobalt for example, computerized cognitive behavioral therapy. Again, a new product introduction and nothing else like in the industry. We see out in the commercial space, particularly we have a great success, a great pipeline that we've got more than a $20 billion pipeline on the public sector side with the integrated approach there. But on the commercial side, we are being very successful at the close rate much more settled in three or four years ago. I think it has to do with the need of the client; it has to do with the level of new product introduction and innovation, and also the competitive landscape. We've been very successful out there being more to get innovative and be perceived as being the player that can really be more efficient at delivery care and at a time where our clients really have a dramatic need.
Michael Baker: Thanks for all the color and the detail. I appreciate it.
Barry Smith: You bet, Michael.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question is from Ana Gupte of Leerink Partners. Your line is open.
Ana Gupte: Yes, thanks. Good morning. I wanted to ask about just so many moving parts if you can talk about, the pieces that we should think about for 2018. I mean, once I can think about as you're saying that you'll be able to recover your cost of care ratio in both the segments and this is transient, there is out of period as you can talk about that. Florida had an RFP, it sound like the specialties out of it, so SMI is not in the mix of the procurement, but is there any risk? And then is that offset pretty much by Senior Whole Health, what's going on with Veridicus in all of that for 2018?
Jon Rubin: Well, let me just address a few of your questions Ana, a good question. Let me just address Florida. Florida has come out with the ITN, they put us basically this site in and tend to negotiate with 11 players, across all regions of Florida. We feel that we're very well positioned in Florida. We have a good relationship with them and we've shown and demonstrated significant quality improvements within the population, so all good things. With ITN, they've asked to go back with innovative solutions, not only limiting, but it's actually quite expansive in terms of the kinds of things that they'd like to see as proposed and others proposed that would really increase the efficiency, the quality and the cost elements for the plant in Florida. So it really isn't less limiting. It's actually more expensive than it was before, but not too similar to what they did in 2014. So we're feeling it's a great opportunity for us to not only maintain a client relationship, but potentially expand based on that relationship.
Barry Smith: But it also had  that the language out of that in the ITN is in fact virtually identical to the last go around. So it doesn't enable specialty plans. It doesn't specifically speak to all of the different types of specialty plans, but it is identical. So again it was  as we expected and we believe we're positioned well as we go forward.
Ana Gupte: But you don't see any risk to your low 80s loss ratio? Do you think thats normalized and sustainable, because thats a pretty big component of your earnings?
Jon Rubin: No, I think that that's fair and I think we've talked about before that we're at this year as a result of the run rate coming into the year as well as the success we've had in care management initiatives running strongly in Florida this year. We think something in the mid single-digit range is more reasonable if you think about things going forward where we're running higher right now. So I think it's reasonable if you think it's something in the kind of mid to higher 80s on loss ratio as we go forward as kind of the normal run rate, and thats consistent with how we've talked about not just Florida, but the government segment in the past. In terms of some of your other questions, again we don't think that the commercial cost of care issues will be issues in 2018. We're confident that we'll be correcting them in the second half of the year. Part D, as we talked about, we believe we'll see improvement as we go through next year. Same thing in Virginia where were making investments to get it off the ground this year, but believe we can get that to breakeven or better next year and of course we talked about Senior Whole Health and the accretion, roughly a dollar in adjusted EPS going forward. So I think you're thinking about many of the right things. And we're certainly with new business growth as we go forward as Barry alluded to 2018 is off to a great start and we see a lot of upside there.
Ana Gupte: Great, thanks so much. Appreciate the color.
Barry Smith: You bet.
Jon Rubin: Thanks Ana. End of Q&A
Operator: Thank you, speakers. At this time, were showing no questions on queue. Id like to turn the call back to you.
Barry Smith: Great. Well, we appreciate you joining us here for our second quarter earnings call and look forward to being with you again at our next quarter call. Thanks very much. Good day.
Operator: Thank you, speakers. And this does conclude today's conference. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Edmund E. Kroll - Centene Corp. Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp. Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Centene Corp. Jesse N. Hunter - Centene Corp. Christopher R. Isaak - Centene Corp.
Analysts: Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital, Inc. Sarah E. James - Piper Jaffray & Co. Chris Rigg - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Thomas Carroll - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Dana Nentin - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC AJ Rice - UBS Securities LLC Michael Newshel - Evercore ISI Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Christine Arnold - Cowen & Co. LLC Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC Stephen Baxter - Wolfe Research LLC David Howard Windley - Jefferies LLC
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Centene Corporation First Quarter 2017 Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note today's event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ed Kroll, Senior Vice President, Finance and Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir.
Edmund E. Kroll - Centene Corp.: Thank you, Roco, and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us on our 2017 first quarter earnings results conference call. Michael Neidorff, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Jeff Schwaneke, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Centene, will host this morning's call. The call may also be accessed through our website at centene.com. A replay will be available shortly after the call's completion also at centene.com or by dialing 877-344-7529 in the U.S. and Canada, or in other countries by dialing 412-317-0088. The playback number for both dial-ins is 10103060. Any remarks that Centene may make about future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provision under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in Centene's most recently filed Form 10-Q, dated today, April 25, 2017, the Form 10-K dated February 21, 2017, and other public SEC filings. Centene anticipates that subsequent events and developments will cause its estimates to change. While the company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. The call will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of these measures with the most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our first quarter 2017 press release, which is available on our website at centene.com, under the Investor section. Finally, a reminder that our next Investor Day will be Friday, June 16, 2017, in New York City. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Michael Neidorff. Michael?
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Thank you, Ed. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining Centene's first quarter 2017 earnings call. During the course of this morning's call, we will discuss our first quarter financial results and provide update on Centene's markets and products. Additionally, we will provide commentary around the changing healthcare regulatory landscape. Please note that we will have a hard stop at 9:45 as we have our annual meeting at 10:00. Ideally, we'll be done by 9:30, but there is a hard stop at 9:45. I would like to begin with the healthcare regulatory landscape. The repeal and replace discussion currently underway in Washington, D.C. has created headline volatility. I think it is important to keep in mind this particular legislative process is very complicated. It will likely take some time to play out if a final bill is signed into law and I emphasize it. I would like to go through how this process may unfold, in the hope that understanding all the variables will minimize one statement creating volatility. First, the bill must be approved by the House. This is proven to be difficult due to the various constituencies within the House, all of whom have their reasons for what they would like to have in the bill. These include: the Freedom Caucus, a group of conservative Republicans in the House, who want a complete repeal of the ACA; secondly, the Tuesday Group, a group of moderate Republicans who are opposed to a simple repeal of the ACA. They would prefer to see more modest changes and maintain aspects of the ACA, such as subsidies for low income in vulnerable populations and maintaining the current language for pre-existing conditions. And then, the Democrats, who are opposed to the ACA being repealed and replaced, and instead support certain fixes to the current law. For the process to move forward, any bill will need a simple majority to pass the House. The bill would then move to the Senate, where the Republican majority is thinner. Additionally, any bill that passes the House will undergo a full Byrd Rule scrub in the Senate. The Senate parliamentarian will have to determine if any of the House provisionings need to be taken out of the House proposal because they do not affect the budget. If the Senate parliamentarian deems too many of the provisions in the House are in violation of the Byrd Rule, the entire bill could lose its reconciliation status. In either instances, 60 votes would then be needed to pass the bill. As the House tries to navigate a bill that could reach agreement with a more conservative leaning caucus, the Senate would encounter a different challenge. 20 Republican senators come from states that expanded Medicaid, and 16 Medicaid expansion states have Republican governors. We are confident any bill that could ultimately pass would increase state's flexibility, would include Medicaid reforms that would moderate from the current House proposal. And any changes in the Senate in regards to marketplace would only enhance what we believe have been positive development in the House bill; for example, giving states additional funds to make healthcare more affordable for those between 100% and 300% of the federal poverty level. Whether the ACA remains the law of the land or a repeal and replace bill comes to fruition, Centene is well-positioned. Regarding Medicaid, any changes that give additional flexibility to the states aligns nicely with Centene's local decentralized approach. As to exchanges, we see nothing at this point to prevent us from proceeding with our 2018 marketplace participation. We believe there is bipartisan support for cost-sharing reductions, CSRs. We were pleased that the administration asked the court to keep the CSR payment litigation on hold this past February. We are aware that both parties are currently discussing CSRs and their inclusion in the continuing resolution, which needs to be passed by the end of the month. Lastly, Centene has demonstrated our agility and capacity to successfully navigate industry changes to the benefit of our members, customers and shareholders. I understand it is easy to get caught up in the constant noise. However, I believe that it's time to move past the unfounded headline volatility. In the meantime, it's business as usual for Centene. We will continue to focus on fundamentals as evidenced by our strong first quarter results. Now, on the first quarter financials. We're pleased to begin 2017 with a very strong first quarter, marked by solid top and bottom line growth and robust operating cash flows. Membership at quarter end was 12.1 million members, representing an increase of over 600,000 beneficiaries compared to the first quarter of 2016. First quarter revenues increased almost 70% year-over-year to $11.7 billion. This was primarily attributable to the closing of the Health Net acquisition. The first quarter HBR improved 110 basis points year-over-year to 87.6%. This was mainly related to the addition of Health Net as well as growth in Centene's marketplace business. We reported adjusted first quarter diluted earnings per share of $1.12 compared to $0.74 in the same period last year, representing growth of approximately 51%. A quick comment on medical costs including flu. We saw an uptick in flu during the first quarter. The flu appears to have peaked in early March. Overall flu costs were higher than last year and at the high end of a normal flu range. Importantly, we continue to see as well as anticipate overall stable medical cost trends consistent with our expectations in the low single-digits. Next, the Health Net integration. March 24 marks Centene's first full year operating as a combined company with Health Net. Health Net has been successfully integrated from a cultural leadership, human resource and financial assistance standpoint. We are achieving our synergy targets in realizing the benefits of greater scale and product diversity. The claims systems is in the process of being converted to Centene's. We expect the remaining core platform conversions to be completed over the next 12 to 18 months. I'll remind everyone, it's not how fast but how well. We were pleased with the results of the integration and will focus on the combined business on our earnings call going forward. Moving on to market and product updates. First, we'll discuss recent Medicaid activity. Nebraska, Q1 marks Centene's first quarter operating under Nebraska's new Medicaid program. The contract is performing in line with our expectations. And at quarter end, we served over 79,000 beneficiaries in the state. A quick note on Centene's pending Medicaid contract start date. The Missouri Medicaid statewide expansion contract is expected to begin May 1, 2017. The Nevada Medicaid contract is expected to commence on July 1 of 2017. The Pennsylvania Medicaid contract is now anticipated to go live January 1, 2018. And the Pennsylvania long-term contract is expected to begin January 1, 2018. Next, Medicare. At quarter end, we served over 328,000 Medicare and Dual beneficiaries. Q1 was our first quarter operating Medicare Advantage Plans in Centene's Medicaid states. On January 1, we launched MA Plans in Texas, Georgia, Mississippi and Florida under our four-star parent rate. As I previously stated, we are applying a test-and-learn approach to our first year of MA operations, similar to Centene's initial launch of our exchange product in 2014. Also similar to our exchange approach, we will be focusing on providing high quality affordable MA products to low income beneficiaries. We will be applying the insights we gain this year with respect to network, plan design and benefits to Centene's 2018 MA Plans. Overall, we expect our Medicare Advantage business to be profitable in 2017. Now on to Health Insurance Marketplaces. At March 31, we served approximately 1.2 million exchange members. This represents year-over-year growth of over 500,000 beneficiaries, slightly ahead of our expectations. Please note, approximately 80% of our 2016 exchange members renewed their plans for 2017. It is also important to note the key demographics of these members, including age, gender, financial assistance and metal tier are consistent with our experience over the past three years. Over 90% of our exchange members are subsidy eligible and over 90% are enrolled in silver tier plans. This includes Maricopa County, Arizona, where Centene is the sole exchange provider. This highlights Centene's continued success in attracting and maintaining our targeted customer segment through effective sales, marketing and member engagement activities. We continue to closely monitor claims utilization patterns. Thus far, in 2017, we have seen no evidence of unanticipated utilization levels. This, along with the higher than expected membership, allowed us to recognize $0.04 of the $0.20 of conservatism that we included in our initial annual guidance. As it is still early in the year, we continue to feel it is prudent to include the extra level of conservatism in our guidance related to the business. Jeff will provide further details on this in his prepared remarks. Shifting gears to the rate outlook. We continue to expect 2017 composite Medicaid rate adjustments of zero to 1%, consistent with the past few years. Separately, CMS recently issued the final 2018 Medicare Advantage rates. They are slightly better than the preliminary rates released earlier this year. In summary, our strong first quarter financial results set the stage for us to maintain our positive momentum throughout the remainder of 2017. We continue to realize the full benefits of the Health Net acquisition, including those products new to Centene which will drive future growth and greater scale in 2017 and beyond. We are optimistic about our future and ability to extend Centene's leadership position in government sponsored healthcare. As a reminder, our Investor Day is on June 16 in New York City. We look forward to seeing you then. We thank you for your continued interest in Centene. Jeff will now provide further details on our first quarter financial results.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Centene Corp.: Thank you, Michael, and good morning. Earlier this morning, we reported strong first quarter 2017 results. Total revenues were $11.7 billion, an increase of 69% over the first quarter 2016 and GAAP diluted earnings per share were $0.79. Adjusted diluted earnings per share were $1.12 compared to $0.74 last year. As highlighted in our press release issued this morning, adjusted diluted earnings per share for the first quarter excludes the following items. Amortization of acquired intangible assets, the acquisition costs associated with the Health Net transaction, and the Penn Treaty guaranty association assessment expense of $0.17 per diluted share. In March 2017, a state court issued final liquidation orders with respect to the long-term care insurer Penn Treaty Network America Insurance Company and its subsidiary. Under state guaranty association laws, certain insurance companies can be assessed for obligations to policyholders of insolvent insurance companies that write the same or similar lines of business. A small portion of our healthcare insurance, primarily associated with the legacy Health Net business, is written under life and health insurance licenses versus HMO licenses. As a result and in accordance with the liquidation order, we recorded a pre-tax charge of $47 million during the first quarter, representing our estimated share of the guaranty association assessments as selling, general and administrative costs. I would like to note that this represents an undiscounted amount as the timing and payment is uncertain. Now to provide more details in the quarter. Total revenues grew by $4.8 billion year-over-year, primarily as a result of the Health Net acquisition which closed on March 24, 2016, growth in the health insurance marketplace business, the start up of our Nebraska health plan on January 1, 2017; and the start up of the Texas STAR Kids Program in November 2016. Sequentially, while premium and service revenues increased, total revenues for the first quarter were lower than the fourth quarter of 2016. The decrease in total revenues was driven by the health insurer fee moratorium which suspended the health insurers' provider fee for the 2017 calendar year. Additionally, the fourth quarter of last year benefited from $500 million of additional revenue associated with pass-through payments from the state of California and $195 million of additional revenue associated with the minimum MLR amendments in California. These sequential total revenue decreases were partially offset by the growth previously mentioned. Moving on to HBR. Our health benefits ratio was 87.6% in the first quarter this year compared to 88.7% in last year's first quarter and 84.8% in the fourth quarter. The decrease year-over-year is driven by the acquisition of Health Net which operates at a lower HBR due to a higher mix of commercial business and growth in the Health Insurance Marketplace business in 2017. Sequentially, the 280-basis point increase from the fourth quarter is primarily the effect of the additional revenue due to the retroactive change in the minimum MLR calculation under California's Medicaid expansion program recorded in the fourth quarter of 2016. HBR also increased sequentially due to an increase in flu-related costs over the fourth quarter. The Health Insurance Marketplace business continues to perform well. We ended the first quarter with approximately 1.2 million members which is above our initial expectations. As we have stated previously, the metal tiers enrolled, demographics and profiles of our members are consistent with prior years and our expectations. We continue to be prudent and conservative with respect to our expectations of our marketplace margins. However, the performance of the 2017 Marketplace business in the first quarter contributed approximately $0.04 per diluted share of the $0.20 per diluted share conservatism we originally included in our annual guidance. This was driven by higher than expected membership and utilization that was consistent with our historical experience. We continue to monitor claims experience and membership behavior. And as it is early in the year, we believe it is appropriate to maintain the remaining conservatism. Our selling, general and administrative expense ratio was 9.3% in Q1 this year, excluding the Health Net merger cost and the Penn Treaty assessment, compared to 8.3% last year and 9.9% in the fourth quarter of 2016, also excluding the Health Net merger cost. The increase in the ratio as compared to the prior year is primarily due to the acquisition of Health Net which operates at a higher SG&A ratio due to the higher mix of commercial and Medicare business. The decrease in the ratio from the fourth quarter of 2016 is due to a higher level of seasonal costs related to the open enrollment period for the Health Insurance Marketplace business and a charitable contribution to our foundation recorded in the fourth quarter of last year. Excluding Health Net merger costs, business expansion cost of $0.05 were incurred in the first quarter of 2017. Interest expense was $62 million in the first quarter compared to $33 million in the first quarter of 2016 and $75 million in the fourth quarter of 2016. The increase year-over-year is due to the financing associated with the Health Net transaction. Sequentially, the decrease is due to the costs incurred for the early redemption of the Centene and legacy Health Net senior notes in the fourth quarter of 2016. Our effective income tax rate was 39.7% in the first quarter of 2017. The lower tax rate compared to the prior year and quarter is due to the one year moratorium on the health insurer fee. Now on to the balance sheet. Cash and investments totaled almost $10.3 billion at quarter end, including $306 million held by unregulated subsidiaries. Our risk-based capital percentage for NAIC filers continues to be in excess of 350% of the authorized control level. Debt on March 31 was $4.6 billion, including $100 million of borrowings on our revolving credit facility. Our debt-to-capital ratio was 43%, excluding our non-recourse mortgage note compared to 43.7% at last year end. We continue to focus on leverage reduction and have reduced our debt-to-capital ratio, excluding our non-recourse mortgage note, by approximately 130 basis points since the Health Net acquisition. Our medical claims liabilities totaled $4.3 billion at March 31 and represents 41 days in claims payable compared to 42 days last quarter. Cash flow from operations was $1.2 billion in the first quarter. Operating cash flows for the first quarter benefited from increased medical claims liabilities due to market expansions in Nebraska and growth in the Marketplace business and payments received from Medicare in March 31 that related to April services. Turning to guidance. Our updated full year 2017 guidance numbers are as follows. Total revenues between $46 billion and $46.8 billion, HBR ratio of 87% to 87.5%, and SG&A expense ratio of 9.1% to 9.6%, adjusted SG&A expense ratio of 9% to 9.5%, GAAP EPS of $3.74 to $4.15, adjusted diluted EPS of $4.50 to $4.90, effective tax rate between 39% and 41%, and diluted shares outstanding between 176.9 million and 177.9 million. We have updated our SG&A expense ratio and our GAAP diluted EPS to reflect the effect of the Penn Treaty assessment expense. For GAAP diluted earnings per share, the assessment expense was partially offset by an increase for the first quarter performance and a narrowing of the guidance range. We have increased our adjusted diluted earnings per share guidance range for the year by $0.07 at the midpoint and narrowed the range to $0.40, reflecting the results from the first quarter. As previously discussed, we estimate that the 2017 Marketplace business contributed $0.04 to the $0.20 of conservatism we included in our 2017 annual guidance. As a result, we continue to maintain $0.16 of conservatism in our annual GAAP and adjusted diluted earnings per share guidance for the 2017 Marketplace margins. Additionally, our earnings are expected to be more heavily weighted to the first three quarters of the year due to the following changes. First, the delay of the start date of the Pennsylvania contract from the second quarter of 2017 to January 1, 2018. The shifting of the start date pushes the start up costs into the fourth quarter compared to our previous guidance. Second, the shortening of the open enrollment period for the Marketplace business which compresses all the open enrollment costs into fourth quarter. And third, our subsidiary, Alabama Healthcare Advantage, ended its agreement as a capital contributor that would've allowed for the company to move forward with this relationship with the five regional care RCOs in Alabama which was previously scheduled to contribute margin and go live in October 2017. Business expansion costs are still expected to be between $0.25 to $0.30 per diluted share. In summary, we were pleased with the first quarter results and the operating momentum heading into the remainder of the year. We continue to maintain a conservative expectation associated with the margins in the Marketplace business, pending further experience in the second quarter. That concludes my remarks. And, operator, you may now open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Today's first question comes from Josh Raskin of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning.
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Good morning.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good morning, Michael. First, just quick one on health insurance exchanges. It sounds like that's clearly running in line. A little bit of a good guy on the guidance, et cetera, so all positive. What's holding you back on the remaining $0.16? Have you just not seen enough claims information? Or what's the information you guys are waiting for now sort of end of April that's going to change going forward?
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: I think you hit it. We have one, two months of claims data. It's performing as we expected. It seemed prudent and reasonable to let out the $0.04 but also to hold the $0.16 until we get another quarter's experience. And then we can let more out as appropriate. But there's no reason to expect any negativities, just once again, an abundance of conservatism. Jeff?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Centene Corp.: Yeah, Josh, a couple of things. We haven't seen anything in the performance of the membership, the demographics that would indicate that it's performing or will perform any different than it has over the last several years. But one thing to mention is that on the risk adjustment side, we don't have any data from the data aggregators. So, really, I would say the $0.04, I would characterize a lot of that as a result of membership and underlining claims data. And I would take a pause, I guess, on the risk adjustment because we're waiting for more  or actually any data from the data aggregators that will come in the second quarter.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, okay. Got you. So, by second quarter, you should have a pretty good sense. You won't have the government data but you'll have the consulting data. So I guess we'll know at that point.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Centene Corp.: Yeah, we'll have two things. Number one, we'll have the final results for 2016. And as you heard Michael indicate that over 80% of our membership reenrolled with us this year. So that will be a confirming piece of information. And then the second piece is that we'll have the actual data for 2017 using 2017 claims experience from the data aggregators in the second quarter as well.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And then just second question, RFP pipeline, just curious if there's anything material that we should be keeping our eye on through the rest of the year. And then it sounds like North Carolina is probably a 2018 event but maybe any specific commentary on the timing there.
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: I think they're still working through the legislative aspects of that and the regulatory things, so it's too early to speculate. I think 2018 is a fair assumption. And we'll continue to work through these other opportunities we see coming. But we'll comment on them as the states release them.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Perfect. Okay. Thanks
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, our next question comes from Sarah James of Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Sarah E. James - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thank you. Just a quick clarification here on the guidance. For the exchanges, if you're able to recognize the full $0.20 cushion, does that put you in line with last year's margin profile? Or would that leave you doing a little bit better than last year?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Centene Corp.: I think what we said when we originally came out with the $0.20 of conservatism was that our 2016 book of business was running towards the top end of our margin expectation range which is between 3% to 5% and that the $0.20 really pulled down that expectation by 1.5% at the pre-tax line. So I would say it's close to the top end of our margin guidance range. But still a little early to tell how it shakes out for the year as far as is it above last year or not.
Sarah E. James - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Got it. And there's been a lot of discussion here (30:20)...
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Sarah, if I may, I just want to add, I think everything we're seeing says it's still a very good business.
Sarah E. James - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Right. Yes, Centene seems to be outperforming everyone else in the industry on that front. And there's been a lot of discussion in the industry around the challenges capturing encounter data for risk scores, for new health insurance exchange members because you can't use the script field yet to prove out risk scores until 2018. Can you give us an idea of how Centene is doing on capturing risk scores for new members? And how do you think about the impact in 2018 on either margins or how accurate your risk scores will be once you're able to use that script data?
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: You got that, Jesse?
Jesse N. Hunter - Centene Corp.: Sure. Yeah, Sarah, without getting too far into the details on some of those, I think the best indicator so far is how do we use the information that we have to make our estimates around risk adjustment and related estimates over the course of time. And I think we've demonstrated that we've done a good job with respect to that and it's been a slight positive since we've gone through our actual versus estimates on encounter. So I think any additional information will just be more beneficial in the future.
Sarah E. James - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Chris Rigg of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Chris Rigg - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning. Apologize for any background noise. Just was hoping for clarification on the comments you guys made about the 1.2 million insurance exchange members. You said 80%, I believe, renewed plans. Is that  do you guys know, was it 80% of everyone or just 80% of part of that pool? I'm just trying to get a better sense for who's actually (32:09) guys.
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: We said we increased 500,000 this year. So, go back to the membership of last year, 80% of the people we covered last year in 2016 re-upped with us this year.
Chris Rigg - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, great. And then on the SG&A ratio, for the quarter, you're kind of near the midpoint of your adjusted guidance for the year and then you sort of talked about the fourth quarter related issues. So can you just give us a better sense for how we should expect that to trend during the second and third quarter? Or do you think you're actually, at this point, given what you've seen in Q1, trending towards the midpoint or towards the high end for 2017?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Centene Corp.: I would say that there's nothing unusual about the second and third quarter that would cause that ratio to be substantially different than the first quarter. What I'm mentioning is that in the fourth quarter, because of now the size of our commercial business, we will have a higher SG&A ratio. So I think if you think about Q2 and 3 relatively consistent with Q1. And then Q4, quite a bit higher because of the open enrollment costs, et cetera, on the commercial business. And I would say similar to what we experienced in last Q4, right, because we had those same costs in the fourth quarter last year.
Chris Rigg - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, great. And then just one quick one on Medicare Advantage. I guess given  you only have three or four months under your belt in the de novo states. I guess how should we think about that business growth wise heading into next year? Should we think of that as sort of, okay, you got your toe in the water, you're doing okay, and we should expect a more rapid acceleration of membership in (33:52) any color as to how we should think about organic state (33:56) next year?
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: I think I'm most comfortable saying we can talk about it when we give our annual guidance. We'll continue to work through, evaluate it. We're looking at entering new states. And I've commented at some Investor Days and other meetings where while if we've filed for 11 states, it doesn't mean we'll necessarily enter all 11 because we're going to balance the cost of entry so as to maintain the margins while entering new states, so there's a lot of work being done right now. So it's probably too early to get too directional.
Chris Rigg - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Tom Carroll, Stifel. Please go ahead.
Thomas Carroll - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hey there, good morning. Yes, so two questions.
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Good morning.
Thomas Carroll - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: First, Jeff, I just want to follow up on your comment about the quarterly earnings projection as it goes out this year. So I guess my initial thought was 4Q was going to be a little more difficult this year. But then it seems like maybe walk back a little bit and suggested that the quarterly progression this year is going to be similar to last year. So could you put a finer point on that? I mean, is last year a good source to look at in terms of when EPS is going to come in across the quarters?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Centene Corp.: No, no, I think what I'm saying is compared to what we previously kind of indicated first half, second half on the guidance range is that we would now expect the fourth quarter to actually be a little bit lower than what we previously anticipated because of those three items that I mentioned. And effectively, that shifts back into Q2 and Q3, if you will.
Thomas Carroll - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you for that clarification and then another bigger picture question on the Dual eligibles. A larger peer company of yours suggested what I would call a newfound interest in the Duals. I wonder if you could tell us a bit about your Dual business. Things such as like the average per member per month you have and maybe where the MLR is running relative to your consolidated business. And as it relates to the pipeline which has a good bit of higher acuity business out there, is Centene looking to really increase its focus on Dual opportunities?
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: I think I'll start off and Jeff and others can jump in here. But I've never depended on the Duals for our growth and I've said that from the beginning. It's something we're in and something we do well. But until the fundamentals of how people dis-enroll and the nursing home issues when things get resolved, I don't see it being a stable and as predictable as other businesses we have. So we go ahead in that context. But we're still very interested there. And we're going to continue to pursue it. And we're also going to try and pursue some appropriate regulatory changes to help make it more effective. Jeff, anything that you want to add?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Centene Corp.: Yeah, yeah, I mean, obviously, it hasn't been a material book of business for us. But it's running relatively well, I would say, in the low 90%s HBR. And I think the premiums, and I'm just doing this off the top of my head. I think the premiums are roughly a couple thousand dollars PMPM, per member per month, that is.
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: So you have a higher MLR and as a percent of lower G&A, so...
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Centene Corp.: That's right.
Thomas Carroll - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Scott Fidel of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Dana Nentin - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi, good morning. This is Dana Nentin in for Scott. Thanks for taking the call. Just given the earlier receipt of some of the April capitation payments in March, can you talk about your expectations for 2Q cash flow? And whether there's any change in your overall outlook for cash flow in 2017?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Centene Corp.: Yeah, I  what I'll say is that wasn't the largest single driver. I mean it was a little over $100 million, something like that, of additional cash it received for April service dates. What's really driving the cash flow in the first quarter is the growth in the Marketplace business and the growth in our  are just base business, specifically Nebraska. If you think about  we get our premium payments or collect our premium payments in the first month, and on average based on our days and claims payable, we pay those payments out in 42 days. So there's really a cash flow benefit in periods of growth. And so long-term, when you normalize for that, we would expect to be in 1.5, 2 times net earnings. But obviously, for this year, just because of the growth specifically in the marketplace, Nebraska will probably be above that range.
Dana Nentin - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question today comes from AJ Rice with UBS. Please go ahead.
AJ Rice - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks. Hello, everybody. One technical question and then maybe a broader one. The  I guess when you're reporting enrollment for Medicare, you're including that with the Dual eligibles. When I look at the movement last year, you were pretty steady in the enrollment and then first quarter you actually stepped down a little bit. I'm just trying to understand can you give us some color on actually what your enrollment looks like on Medicare's MA stand-alone?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Centene Corp.: Yeah, the stand-alones about 250,000 members, something like that, sorry, 280, 000 members.
AJ Rice - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, okay.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Centene Corp.: Stand-alone.
AJ Rice - UBS Securities LLC: That's great. And then more broadly, on  going back to the exchanges, I appreciate all the questions about  the comments about Washington. It seems like there's a lot of focus on the idea of the cost sharing subsidies and whether they'll maintain those or not. Do you guys want to weigh in with your thoughts about that? Is that a deal breaker for you? And moving forward on the exchanges, what kind of premium increases will you need if they were to go away. And I will ask you about Maricopa County where you're the only HICS provider versus your other  the rest of your book. Do you see any difference in the profile of members in Maricopa versus the profile that you get in the other places where you have multiple competitors.
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: I'm sorry that I was interrupting. I'll start with Maricopa. I see the same profile basically. There's no difference in that profile from our other members. We knew that going into it, looking at the  what was there. Two, as it relates to the CSRs and what's happening in Washington if anything, my  somebody has a speaker on  with a lot of background, okay. I think what the big issue is, it has a long way to play out and we're convinced there's bipartisan support for the CSRs. So nobody wants to take this population and put them on the street. Effectively, doing away with the CSRs would eliminate the affordability of the product we make. I don't think it's going to happen.
AJ Rice - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Michael Newshel of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Michael Newshel - Evercore ISI: Thanks, guys. Good morning. I've got a quick follow-up on exchanges. How much risk adjustment are you guys booking as a percentage of premiums? And is that similar to what you did last year or is it more conservative?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Centene Corp.: Yeah, I'll just give you the dollars. In the first quarter, for the 2017 Marketplace business, we recorded over $300 million of risk adjustment as a payable. And we expect for the year that will be over $1 billion. And if you recall last year, we had about $425 million recorded at the end of the year.
Michael Newshel - Evercore ISI: Got it. So like  so roughly speaking, in terms of percentage of premiums pretty similar compared to the growth of exchange membership?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Centene Corp.: Yeah, that's correct.
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Yes.
Michael Newshel - Evercore ISI: Got it. And then just another quick follow-up on the Health Net plans subject to the PDR last year, specifically on the California PPO product. Is that tracking towards breakeven? And are you seeing the lower out of network charges and behavior changes that you expected it (42:46)?
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: I'll take that. As we said earlier, we don't see any PDRs this year on that business. And we have a  we see it performing as expected. And from a medical loss, from the membership, every aspect of it. The changes we put in place are achieving what we expected.
Michael Newshel - Evercore ISI: Okay. Thanks very much. I appreciate it.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, our next question comes from Kevin Fischbeck of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, thanks. I just want to go back to the comment that you made, Michael, about exchange participation for 2018 I think you said that there's nothing at this point that makes you want to rethink that because of patients. Are saying that you kind of expect to be in a similar number of counties and states next year or is there a plan to move that up over time?
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: I think we wait  as it moves along, we always look at adding. And I think what's important is that  what I was trying to convey, Kevin, is that, like last year, I said it's business as usual. And I believe that's going to really prove out to be the right thing. And I'm saying the same thing that we have the agility, the ability to adjust. And so as things unfold, I see nothing out there that's going to change it to where we would not participate. If something changes, we'll adapt to do or what we have to do as we historically have. So but if we are evaluating other markets to expanding, yes.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then as far as MA goes, obviously, it's an area of growth for you guys over the next several years. I guess, year-over-year, the MA membership was down I believe, can you talk was going on there?
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Well, I think Jesse will talk about.
Jesse N. Hunter - Centene Corp.: Yeah, I think, Kevin, this is Jesse Hunter. So a couple of things. The biggest kind of single item on the MA front we've talked about this a bit before was the group retiree business associated with some companies that are based in the West Coast so kind of legacy Health Net customers if you will that were kind of expanding their footprint more broadly. So that was kind of the most impactful on kind of in the category of membership attrition. And I think as we've talked before, as we expand our footprint and have more geography and more focus around organic growth opportunities, you'll see that trend changed starting in 2018.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Christine Arnold of Cowen. Please go ahead.
Christine Arnold - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hi, there. One question on the Medicaid and one of the public exchanges. First on the public exchanges, can you give us a sense for how your per member per month profitability progressed in 2016? So I'd imagine first quarter was a profitable. But how much deterioration do you usually see. And I'm trying to put that $0.04 in the context of the $0.20. And then with respect to Medicaid expansion dollars, if we don't get a health care bill, are we safe? Or could they try to make you to pay for in a tax bill. Michael, how are you thinking about that?
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: In terms of Medicare expansion?
Christine Arnold - Cowen & Co. LLC: Yeah.
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: I think until they revoke the  adjust it, repair it to whatever action they take. I'm trying to think of the right words, repeal and replace is what I was trying to think of. Until they repeal and replace, I think it's going to be business as usual on the Medicaid expansion. There's one state, I think, that's been talking about pulling back on it. And that could happen here from time-to-time. I know there were several states with Republican governors that would like nothing better than expand it. And we regret that their legislation is never had. So I'm not thinking about making a whole lot of changes as 20 Republican senators that come from states that have expanded Medicaid, as I said in my script. And so I think that is a long way to play out. I see it, it may make  it could move into the exchange product and just what the subsidies are. There's various alternatives being talked about, but nothing that would leave these people without effective insurance.
Christine Arnold - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. And then what about the progression of losses on individual in 2016 per member per month? Can you give us a sense of that, so I can put the $0.04 in context with the $0.20?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Centene Corp.: Yeah, I think it's  well, I mean the first point is, I think, it's hard to put the $0.04 in context with the $0.20 using the quarter progression because for what we said earlier, was that we're really still waiting on information on the risk adjustment, right. And we just said that the risk adjustment payment is going to be  could be in excess of $1 billion for the year. So I'm not sure that those 2 would relate. But as a traditional commercial business, the majority or more of the earnings will be in the first half of the year.
Christine Arnold - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Today's next question comes from Gary Taylor of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, good morning.
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Morning.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. I have a conceptual question and then I want to shift gears and ask a question about Illinois. My conceptual question is, Michael, when you think about the number of states that are requesting Medicaid waivers to either view work requirements or implement premiums or Wisconsin recently also proposing drug testing, do you have enough experience in states like Indiana that have done waivers to have a viewpoint on how those sorts of requirements would impact enrollment as well as mix and margins?
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Well, it really has  if I take Indiana where we played an important role in the implementation, and Chris, you can jump in here and add to it. We saw no ill effects from it. We did well and we were supportive and if anything, the business build and became very constructive. Chris?
Christopher R. Isaak - Centene Corp.: I would agree with you, Michael. One of the things that we saw, Gary, was the fact that, actually, when you started to look at some of the data and such that the health outcomes actually improved, actually more than we had anticipated that they might, and that we looked at it as a real good program for the beneficiaries. We didn't really see anything negative as far as bringing on the requirements that the state brought in (49:47) program.
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: And I'd add we're very decentralized in our approach to these things. So we can adapt to what any particular state wants relatively easy from a systems standpoint and what have you.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you. And then my second is just on Illinois with the potential re-bid there for 2018, but also the consolidation of contract in MCOs that the state is proposing by as much as half. I guess maybe just two part question. First is, how do you feel you're positioned in Illinois? How confident that Centene emerges as one of the remaining health plans? And part two, do you expect an outright rate reduction for 2018?
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: So I think there's a two-part answer to that. One, I think we're well positioned. Secondly, do we want to continue to go forward in Illinois? And that's going to be a function of what the rates are and the profitability of it. So, as we see what the rate bands are and we go through the actual assessment, we're going to make a business decision as to whether or not to pursue Illinois. We have a strong network. We have statewide a lot of places where others have pulled out recently. They're asking us to contract with them. So I think this thing has to play out over the next two, three weeks. And I'll focus on and Jeff will and Steve and the whole financial team, Chris, on the actuarial studies that say is it going to be profitable.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Ana Gupte of Leerink Partners. Please go ahead.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: Yeah, hi, thanks for taking the questions. Just wondering if you know broadly the loss ratio that you have, if you can give us some color by segment, Medicare, legacy Health Net, and more broadly in the new markets. And then, where you ended up in exchanges. Is it still in the mid-80s, and then where are you on Medicaid as far as the expansion population and then the more complex populations? And any directional sense there?
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Yes. I want to clarify one thing. We're not going to talk about legacy Health Net anymore. Health Net is now a California plan and going forward, it's just one of our states. And they understood it's fully integrated and all the systems are integrated. So, to look at what legacy is versus now is something that, culturally, we're not doing and thinking about as a company. But the others (52:50), Jeff, you can jump in.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Centene Corp.: Yeah, I'll talk about the biggest books of business that we have, so I'll break it down into Medicaid and commercial. I think what you'll see for the first quarter is  and I think you would traditionally see this every year, which is a little bit higher Medicaid HBR really driven by flu. And then, you'll see a lower commercial HBR, really, just because that's the way the commercial product performs with deductibles, copays, et cetera, et cetera. So I think for the first quarter, we definitely experienced that. I think that was in line with our expectations.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: Okay. And then going forward, just directionally, when you think about how this will all play out going into 2018, just up or down, I know you're not guiding or anything here. And how should we think about normalized loss ratios? Do you see improvement here? Will it be flat on a net basis?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Centene Corp.: Yeah, I'm not going to comment about 2018 HBRs. I mean, I think we're comfortable where our guidance range on the HBR is today. And really what's going to drive the HBR on a going-forward basis is the mix of products that we have.
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Exactly, we're going to  it's actually an evolving mix.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Justin Lake of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Stephen Baxter - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi. This is Steve Baxter on for Justin. Thanks for the questions. Can you talk about what you're seeing as far as rates go in the Medicaid expansion population? Our general understanding across the industry is that rates have normalized here some, putting pressure on results a bit in 2017. I guess, first, can you talk about what you're seeing in 2017 and what your guidance includes in terms of potential rate adjustments that have not yet been announced? And do you expect any incremental pressure here as you move into the second half of the year that we would need to think about annualizing for 2018?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Centene Corp.: Yeah. I think  well, take the first one at the top. I think in our rate range guidance of 0% to 1%, that's all encompassing, right, for the total business, so that would include Medicaid expansion. And so, in general, if you take it at the aggregate level, we're still anticipating between 0%, to between 0% and 1% rate increase for the year. We have, over time  the Medicaid expansion has been around quite a long time. So, a lot of states have already normalized margins. So, what I would say is any adjustment on Medicaid expansion is already included in our aggregate 0% to 1% composite rate expectation.
Stephen Baxter - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. So, your margins you'd characterize as being pretty comparable from 2016 to 2017 for that business?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Centene Corp.: Yeah. Now, what I will tell you, I mean, just one thing to note is if you recall last year, we did talk about the California Medicaid expansion was like an 11% decrease, but it had no effect because there was a minimum MLR rebate. So, to some extent, you have to take those programs in combination, but yes, I would say consistent is  on a net basis, consistent is true.
Stephen Baxter - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. That's fair. Yeah, I guess, it just begs the question when you're talking about an 11% rate decrease on having an impact on your actual results. It seems to imply you're still further at the top and what the caveat on the range there. So, that was, I guess, the basis for that question. Do you think California is in a good place now and is it going to continue reasonably going forward?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Centene Corp.: Well, I mean, I will just state what I said before, I think in aggregate, it's in our 0% to 1% and that's consistent with the last three years. I mean, we've had between 0% and 1% for the last three years.
Stephen Baxter - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. So, following up on the question about the Health Net PDR issues from last year, appreciate the comment that it's running in line with your expectation for this year. I guess how does that fit relative to what you'd hope for longer term for these businesses, because I'd assume that you still might be looking for some improvement there over a longer period of time?
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Well, I think what we've done is we looked at it, and I think the next issue is growing that business. And we're putting the time and energy in working with the state to take the actions that we'll grow. That's the single biggest issue. We scaled it. The mix of the recipients is appropriate. There's a good balanced mix of recipients. The in-patient cost is down. So, every aspect of it is delivering as we expected and the issue now is growth.
Stephen Baxter - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And one just last question, numbers wise. Membership for ABD and Long Term Care was up about 40,000 sequentially. My impression was that Nebraska was mostly a low-acuity population, but maybe I'm mistaken there. I was just wondering if you could help us understand what was driving that sequential increase.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Centene Corp.: Oh, you're talking sequential, right?
Stephen Baxter - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah, sequential. Yeah.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Centene Corp.: Yeah. Nebraska does have ABD and SSIN and LTC or  yeah, yeah. Yeah, it's in...
Stephen Baxter - Wolfe Research LLC: (57:47)
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Centene Corp.: ABD, excuse me.
Stephen Baxter - Wolfe Research LLC: Perfect. Okay. Thank you.
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, our final question today comes from David Windley of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
David Howard Windley - Jefferies LLC: Hi. Good morning. Just a quick couple of revenue follow-ups. Your first quarter run rate, first quarter annualized looks to be higher than your guidance, which you reaffirmed. Is the, say, attrition, for lack of a better word, is that exchange attrition anticipation or perhaps share of wallet issues in Georgia? Or are you just kind of running conservatively on the guidance? Thanks.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Centene Corp.: I would say, well, there is exchange  sorry, there's a lot of feedback here. There is exchange attrition in the number. Additionally, there were a small amount of pass-through payments in the first quarter. I mean, as you're aware, those are very lumpy. But in general, I would say exchange attrition is  the first quarter will be higher because of the  that's the maximum amount of members we have in exchange business.
David Howard Windley - Jefferies LLC: Okay. And then, a small number but the service revenue number was down a little bit. Anything going on there?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Centene Corp.: Nothing unusual. I think they're from comparing Q4 to Q1, there was a lower amount of volume in the VA business with respect to the appointments that we take there for the health care coverage, but nothing outside of our expectations.
David Howard Windley - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Neidorff for any closing remarks.
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Well, I just want to thank everybody, and we look forward to seeing you on June 16 at our Investor Day in New York. And we also look forward to the second quarter earnings call. Have a good quarter.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Today's conference has now concluded, and we thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-07 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Edmund E. Kroll - Centene Corp. Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp. Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Centene Corp. Jesse N. Hunter - Centene Corp. Christopher R. Isaak - Centene Corp. Cynthia J. Brinkley - Centene Corp.
Analysts: Sarah E. James - Piper Jaffray & Co. Michael Newshel - Evercore Group LLC Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital, Inc. A.J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC Lance Arthur Wilkes - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs & Co. David Howard Windley - Jefferies LLC Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC Scott Fidel - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Thomas Carroll - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company LLC Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Centene 2016 Fourth Quarter and Year-End Financial Results Conference Call. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ed Kroll, Centene's Senior Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Edmund E. Kroll - Centene Corp.: Thank you, Carey, and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us on our 2016 fourth quarter and full-year earnings results conference call. Michael Neidorff, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Jeff Schwaneke, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Centene, will host this morning's call. The call should last approximately 45 minutes and also may be accessed through our website at centene.com. A replay will be available shortly after the call's completion also at centene.com or by dialing 877-344-7529 in the U.S. and Canada, or in other countries by dialing 412-317-0088. The playback code for both dial-ins is 10098783. Any remarks that Centene may make about future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provision under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in Centene's most recently filed Form 10-K dated February 22, 2016, the Form 10-Q dated October 25, 2016, and other public SEC filings. Centene anticipates that subsequent events and developments will cause its estimates to change. While the company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. Please mark your calendars, our next Investor Day will be on Friday, June 16 in New York City. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Michael Neidorff. Michael?
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Thank you, Ed. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining Centene's fourth quarter and full year 2016 earnings call. During the course of this morning's call, we will discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2016 financial results and provide updates on Centene's markets and products. Additionally, we will bring you up to date on the Health Net integration and discuss the changing healthcare regulatory landscape. Let me begin with fourth quarter and full year 2016 financials. We were pleased to conclude the year with a strong fourth quarter, marked by solid top and bottom line growth. Membership at quarter end was 11.4 million recipients, representing an increase of 6.3 million beneficiaries over the fourth quarter of 2015. Fourth quarter results increased 89% year-over-year at the revenue level to $11.9 billion. 2016 revenues grew 78% year-over-year to $40.6 billion, ahead of our guided range. The revenue increases were primarily attributable to the Health Net acquisition. The fourth quarter HBR improved 320 basis points year-over-year and 220 basis points sequentially to 84.8%. The 2016 HBR improved 240 basis points year-over-year to 86.5%. These improvements were primarily related to the product mix shift from the addition of Health Net and a California minimum MLR change. We reported adjusted fourth quarter diluted earnings per share of $1.19 compared to $0.97 in the same prior period of last year, representing growth of 23%. Adjusted 2016 diluted earnings per share were $4.43 compared to $3.14 reported in 2015, representing an increase of 41%. Lastly, 2016 operating cash flows came in very strong at $1.9 billion or 3.3 times net earnings. Please note, there are several moving parts related to the adjusted numbers, including the California minimum MLR change I just mentioned. Jeff will provide further details on these during his prepared remarks. A quick comment on medical costs including flu. The latest data indicate the flu season is peaking higher and earlier than last year's season. Please note last year's flu season was more moderate than usual. Importantly, we continue to see as well as anticipate overall stable medical cost trends consistent with our expectations in the low single digits. Next, the Health Net integration. 2016 was a transitional year and period for Centene as we began integrating Health Net into our enterprise. Health Net, which is now our California plan, is fully integrated from a cultural, leadership, human resource, and financial systems standpoint. The operational systems are on track to be fully converted within our anticipated timeframe, and we continue to expect to reach or exceed our synergy targets. We are confident all of the components of the PDR booked in the second quarter of 2016 have been successfully resolved and did not record any PDRs in the fourth quarter of 2016 for 2017. We are already seeing improvements in the operating performances of the markets and products in 2017, the most significant being the California PPO product, which was the largest component of the PDR. We are monitoring changes to the PPO membership and are finding the benefit design changes, price increases, and network enhancements, which became effective in 2017, have created a more balanced book of business. In addition, we have made equally significant progress in addressing the substance abuse issues related to this product in 2017. We anticipate the California PPO product will be at least breakeven in 2017, in line with our expectations. I would now like to make a few comments on the changing healthcare regulatory landscape. In the healthcare industry, especially the government services sector, change is nothing new. What remains constant though is the need for high quality, affordable healthcare. This is regardless of what party is in office or the status of the economy. Centene has over three decades of experience spanning five presidents from both sides of aisle. During this time, we have proven our ability to provide high quality, cost effective healthcare to state beneficiaries while saving states money and delivering strong returns to our shareholders. In addition, we have demonstrated our agility as well as our capacity and capability to successfully navigate industry changes. This is evidenced by our success with the ACA while others have struggled. You will recall, we maintained a business as usual approaches when it came to exchanges. Early indications suggest, if the ACA is completely repealed and replaced, the process may take several years and include a transition plan designed to minimize if any disruption to states or subsidized populations. As an example of this, the new administration recently submitted a proposed rule to the OMB aimed at stabilizing the exchanges. Currently, there are no specific agenda regarding the administration's approach to Medicaid. We believe it is likely they will give additional flexibility to states for managing this population, which aligns nicely with Centene's local approach to healthcare. In addition, the administration has to determine its plan for dealing with those states that have expanded Medicaid versus those that have not. In the meantime, we are taking our business as usual approach from an execution standpoint. We believe we can work on any basis, whether it is block grants or per capita caps. I will note that per capita caps is a fair approach for states that have a growing Medicaid population. Centene provides healthcare services to the largest number of Medicaid recipients. We have an experienced team on hand and are confident our scale, systems, and expertise will allow us to be ready as the new healthcare agenda unfolds. Moving on to markets and product updates. First, we will discuss recent Medicaid activity, Nebraska. In January 2017, we commenced operations under Nebraska's new Heritage Health program covering TANF, CHIP, ABD, Foster Care and Long Term Care beneficiaries. Results are currently trending in line with expectations and we anticipate serving between 75,000 and 80,000 members under this contract. Indiana, also in January 2017, we began a new contract serving beneficiaries enrolled in Indiana's Hoosier Healthwise, and Healthy Indiana Plans. These contracts represent a re-procurement. In a state, Centene has been successfully operating into over 20 years. North Carolina. In September 2015, North Carolina's General Assembly passed reform legislation to privatize the state's Medicaid program. At a proactive approach, Centene signed an agreement last month with the North Carolina Medical Society to collaborate on a statewide member focused approach to Medicaid managed care. As part of this agreement, a joint venture known as Carolina Complete Health was formed. This JV was established, organized and operate a physician-led health plan to provide Medicaid managed care services in the state. A key feature of the JV will be the active participation of physicians in the ownership and governance of the health plan. Centene will manage the financial and daily operations. Carolina Complete Health will seek to participate in the privatization process as a bidder for a likely North Carolina Medicaid RFP in the near future. This joint venture serves as another example of Centene's ability to provide innovative solutions to meet local market needs. Pennsylvania, last month Centene was selected to serve Medicaid recipients enrolled in the state's HealthChoices program in three zones. I would like to remind you this award was in response to a reissue of the state's initial RFP and we're pleased to have retained the three zones first awarded to Centene in April of 2016. Implementation is well underway and we will be ready to hit the ground running on the anticipated start date of June 1, 2017. Georgia, in November of 2016, Centene was awarded a statewide contract to continue serving Medicaid members in Georgia. Under the new contract, Centene will be one of four plans providing medical, behavioral, dental and vision health benefits to the state's Medicaid beneficiaries. Centene has been providing healthcare services to Georgia's Medicaid recipients for over a decade, and we look forward to continuing our partnership with the state. The new contract is expected to begin on July 1 of 2017. Nevada, also in November of 2016, Centene was selected to serve Medicaid recipients in two counties in Nevada. This contract is expected to be in on July 1 of 2107, and we anticipate membership of 35,000 to 50,000. In addition, we expect to offer a Health Insurance Marketplace product in these two counties beginning in 2018. Nevada marks Centene's 29th state of operation. Next, Medicare. At year-end, we served over 334,000 Medicare beneficiaries. On January 1, we began offering Medicare Advantage plans in four new states, Texas, Georgia, Mississippi and Florida under our four-star parent rating. We are applying a test-and-learn approach to our first year of MA operations, similar to Centene's initial launch of our exchange product in 2014. Also, similar to our exchange approach, we will be focused on providing high-quality, affordable MA products to low income beneficiaries. We do not anticipate meaningful MA membership in these four new markets in 2017. We will be applying the insights we gained this year with respect to network, plan design and benefits to Centene's 2018 MA plans. Overall, we expect our Medicare Advantage business to be profitable in 2017. Now, health insurance marketplace. 2016 marked another year of Centene's successful operating on the exchanges. At December 31, we served roughly 540,000 exchange members, in line with our expectations. Over 90% of these members were subsidy eligible. In 2017, open enrollment period included last week and we have just over 1 million paid members. The key demographics of these members including age, gender, financial assistance and metal tier are consistent with our experience over the past three years. Over 90% are subsidy eligible and almost 90% enrolled in silver tier plans. This includes those members enrolled in Maricopa County, Arizona, which Centene is a sole exchange provider. In addition, over 90% of our total paid enrollees are a combination of members renewing their Ambetter plans and shoppers who are new to the exchanges. This is important for two reasons. We have historical data on our renewing members including medical history and utilization patterns, and the new shoppers are actively selecting our Ambetter exchange products based on price network and benefit design. This is the same purchase criteria reflected in our risk pool since we began offering exchange products in 2014. We are closely monitoring emerging claims experience specifically membership profile and claims utilization pattern. Thus far in 2017, we have seen no evidence of unanticipated utilization levels. As it is early in the year, we feel it is prudent to include the extra level of conservatism in our 2017 guidance related to this business to allow for uncertainty regarding membership behavior post election. We continue to expect our marketplace offering to be profitable this year. Lastly, Federal Services. The 2017 TRICARE contract appeal process was completed in November, and we were pleased to have sustained our West Region award. This represents return to Health Net's region when the TRICARE program was initially launched in 1988 and aligns nicely with Centene's growing business in the western U.S. This new contract is expected to commence on October 1, 2017. Separately, our current VA Choice contract runs through the summer of 2017. We are actively reviewing the Community Choice Network RFP that was released in late 2016, and we remain committed to providing high quality services to our nation's veterans. Shifting gears to our rate outlook. For 2016, our composite Medicaid rate adjustment was an increase of approximately 1%. We continue to expect the 2017 composite Medicaid rate adjustment of 0% to 1%, consistent with the past few years. Separately, CMS issued the 2018 advanced notice last week and preliminary Medicare Advantage rates appear to be in line with our expectations. In summary, 2016 was another successful year for Centene. We are now realizing the full benefits of the Health Net acquisition, particularly those products due to Centene, which will drive further growth and greater scale in 2017 and beyond. Over time, we believe the critical mass achieved with the addition of Health Net will prove to be invaluable. We remain committed to long-term margin expansion and continue to make the necessary investments in systems and infrastructure to successfully execute our strategy. We are optimistic about our ability to extend Centene's leadership position in government sponsored healthcare. Thank you for your interest in Centene. Jeff will now provide further details on our fourth quarter and full-year 2016 financial results.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Centene Corp.: Thank you, Michael, and good morning. Earlier today, we've reported our fourth quarter and full-year 2016 results. For the full year, total revenues were $40.6 billion and adjusted diluted earnings per share were $4.43. The increase in the top and bottom lines compared to 2015 was the result of the acquisition of Health Net, growth in the Health Insurance Marketplace business and the full year effect of product and market expansions in 2015 and 2016. Membership grew to 11.4 million members, an increase of 124% between years. For the fourth quarter, total revenues were $11.9 billion, an increase of 89% over Q4 of 2015, and diluted earnings per share were $1.45, compared to $0.91 last year and adjusted diluted earnings per share was $1.19, compared to $0.97 last year. As highlighted in our press release issued this morning, adjusted diluted EPS for the fourth quarter and full year excludes the following items: the acquisition costs associated with the Health Net transaction, amortization of acquired intangible assets, the favorable pre-tax effect of $195 million of additional revenue associated with the retroactive contract amendment received in the fourth quarter that changed the minimum MLR calculation under California's Medicaid expansion program. This amount relates to periods prior to the acquisition date for legacy Health Net business, and periods prior to 2016 for the legacy Centene business. A charitable contribution to the company's foundation of $50 million in connection with the additional revenue from a change in the California minimum MLR previously noted, and debt extinguishment costs of $11 million, associated with the early redemption of the Centene and Health Net senior notes that were scheduled to mature in the first half of 2017. Additionally, the fourth quarter and full year results also include a net benefit of $0.03 and $0.05 per diluted share, respectively, due to the early adoption of the stock-based compensation accounting standard and the incorporation of retirement provisions in our stock-based compensation agreements. In more detail, total revenues grew by $5.6 billion in the fourth quarter year-over-year, primarily as a result of the Health Net acquisition, which closed on March 24, 2016, the start-up of the Texas STAR Kids program in November 2016, the July start-up of the Louisiana Medicaid expansion business, and growth in the Health Insurance Marketplace business. Sequentially, total revenues grew by $1.1 billion from the third quarter of 2016, driven by the $195 million of additional revenue associated with the change in California minimum MLR definition, and $500 million of additional revenue received in the fourth quarter associated with pass through payments from the State of California that were recorded in premium tax revenue and premium tax expense. Moving on to the HBR. Our health benefits ratio was 84.8% in the fourth quarter this year, compared to 88% in last year's fourth quarter and 87% in the third quarter. The 320 basis point decrease in the fourth quarter year-over-year is a result of the higher mix of commercial business associated with the Health Net acquisition and the effect of the retroactive revenue recorded in California associated with the change in the minimum MLR definition. Sequentially, the variance is driven by the California minimum MLR change, which decreased the fourth quarter HBR by 170 basis points. Our selling, general and administrative expense ratio was 9.9% in Q4 this year, excluding the Health Net merger costs compared to 8.6% last year and 9.1% in the third quarter, also excluding Health Net merger costs. The increase in the ratio as compared to the prior year is primarily due to several items. First, the acquisition of Health Net, which operates at a higher SG&A ratio due to the higher mix of commercial and Medicare business. Second, the fourth quarter of 2016 includes a higher level of seasonal costs related to the open enrollment period for the Health Insurance Marketplace business due to the expected growth in 2017. And third, the fourth quarter of 2016 includes the $50 million charitable contribution to our foundation as a result of the additional revenue recorded related to the California minimum MLR change. The charitable contribution increased our SG&A ratio in the fourth quarter by approximately 50 basis points. The increase sequentially is a result of the higher enrollment costs on the Health Insurance Marketplace and the charitable contribution previously mentioned. Excluding Health Net merger costs, business expansion costs of $0.11 were incurred in the fourth quarter and $0.25 for all of 2016. Investment and other income was $34 million in the fourth quarter compared to $8 million last year and $33 million in the third quarter. Interest expense was $217 million this year compared to $43 million last year. Sequentially, interest expense increased from $57 million in the third quarter to $75 million in the fourth quarter. The increase year-over-year is primarily due to the financing associated with the Health Net transaction. Sequentially, the increase is due to the early redemption of the Centene and legacy Health Net senior notes that were scheduled to mature in the middle of 2017. This increased interest expense by $11 million pre-tax for the fourth quarter and full year. Our effective income tax rate was 47.3% in the fourth quarter of 2016. The lower than projected tax rate in the fourth quarter is due to the additional earnings associated with the revised minimum MLR definition in California and the stock-based compensation adoption. The increased earnings and lower tax rate associated with the California minimum MLR definition lowered our effective tax. For the full year 2016, our effective tax rate was 51.8% compared to 48.6% in the prior year. The increase in our effective tax rate year-over-year is due to the acquisition of Health Net, partially offset by the California minimum MLR change and the adoption of the new stock-based compensation standard previously discussed. The California minimum MLR change and the stock-based compensation adoption decreased our effective tax rate for the full year by over 400 basis points. Before I get into details regarding the balance sheet, first, let me provide an update on the fair valuation exercise associated with the Health Net acquisition. During the fourth quarter, we finalized the fair valuation associated with the transaction including our fair valuation estimates of intangible assets and substance abuse treatment center costs. Total intangible assets have been revised to $1.530 billion amortized over a weighted useful life of 12 years. In addition, we finalized the liability associated with the substance abuse treatment center cost and increased our estimated liability by approximately $30 million during the fourth quarter. This adjustment primarily relates to periods prior to the acquisition date and did not go through earnings. As of December 31, 2016, we maintained appropriately $125 million in medical claims liability associated with the substance abuse treatment center costs primarily related to periods prior to the acquisition date. Now on to the balance sheet. Cash and investments totaled almost $9.1 billion at year-end, including $264 million held by unregulated subsidiaries. Our risk-based capital percentage for NAIC filers continues to be in excess of 350% of the authorized control level. Debt on December 31 was $4.7 billion, including $100 million of borrowings on our revolving credit facility. Our debt to capital ratio was 43.7% excluding our non-recourse mortgage note, compared to 34.7% at last year-end. We have reduced our debt to capital ratio by approximately 60 basis points since the Health Net acquisition. Our medical claims liability totaled $3.9 billion at December 31, and represents 42 days in claims payable compared to 41 days last quarter. Cash flow from operations was $1.6 billion in the fourth quarter and $1.9 billion for the full year. Operating cash flows for the fourth quarter and full year were impacted by the finalization of the opening balance sheet associated with the Health Net transaction. As a result, operating cash flows benefited by approximately $445 million in the fourth quarter. Now, for 2017 guidance. Our total revenue and adjusted diluted earnings per share guidance remains unchanged from our December Investor Day. We have adjusted our GAAP diluted earnings per share guidance to reflect the finalization of the purchase price allocation with respect to intangible assets. This increased our GAAP diluted earnings per share by $0.04 on the bottom and top end of the ranges. The updated amounts are reflected in the revised guidance included in our press release today. Additionally, as previously stated at our December Investor Day, we took numerous actions in 2016 to resolve the issues associated with the products that were included in the PDR. As a result, we did not record any premium deficiency reserves in the fourth quarter of 2016 related to 2017. Overall, 2016 was a transformative year and we are pleased with the operating momentum heading into 2017. That concludes my remarks, and operator, you may now open the line for questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question comes from Sarah James of Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Sarah E. James - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thank you. I wanted to follow up on some comments you made for 2017 guidance. So initially, you had talked about flu peaking earlier and maybe a little higher, so how does that compare to what you have in guidance? And then, it sounded like you said that you built in some conservatism on health insurance exchange expectations to 2017. So, if you could help us understand what that means.
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Sure.
Sarah E. James - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Seems I might have some question there.
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Yeah. I'd be happy to. Yeah. I'll start off and Jeff and others can add to it. There's been reports out on the flu, so I wanted to ensure that you all understood we've been tracking it. Last year was a very low base, so it's higher than last year. It is peaking earlier. It's all contained within the guidance that we've given you. And so, it's not a surprise. I was only really trying to just clarify it to avoid any confusion later, Sarah. As it relates to the second part of your question, we took an approach of being conservative in looking at the exchanges and the costs. Why? Because everybody was doing it anyway and we said, let's just build it in to people who are comfortable that we've done, it's that the, we could still achieve our range that we originally talked about the high end. And it's just being extremely conservative. It's still a great year with lot of upside, and we said everybody is so concerned about this now. As I said, early indications and it's one month, so it's  but it's importantly  you look at the demographics of the population that is very consistent with what we've had success within the past. So, it was just the case of saying, let's be conservative. It's much better to meet and beat than later on saying that it didn't quite come out as we expect. So it's just the comfort zone, I think for investors and ourselves.
Sarah E. James - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Got it. And other aspects of your health insurance product maybe either in the benefit design or in the provider contracts such as risk sharing, that give you comfort around markets like Arizona on the health insurance exchange and being able to control costs in advance where you're just the only one or one of two?
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Right. So I think, first of all, in Arizona, there were two issues going back. We had the Health Net PPO product which went away December 31. We then went back in and we entered with our design product that we have used everywhere and contrary to what people think, I mean, in the insurance business an ideal world is where you do a carry or replace. It ensures you get the full balanced book of business and that's something we've learned a long time ago. So as it relates to Arizona and going in by example in any of the new markets, we've used our same design  product design, we've used our same network approach to it and we've been very consistent. And when we took that any experience we had in Arizona through the old business and look at it through our lens, it said, it should perform consistent with our expectations of any of our businesses. And 90% plus of it is in the silver tiers we said, which is the area we have the most success and with the subsidized members. So it's very consistent.
Sarah E. James - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Newshel of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Michael Newshel - Evercore Group LLC: Thanks. Good morning. Can you quantify?
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Good morning.
Michael Newshel - Evercore Group LLC: Good morning. Can you quantify any benefit from the California minimum MLR adjustment that was related to the first three quarters of 2016 that may have been included in the fourth quarter?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Centene Corp.: Yes. So, just a quick thing on that. If you recall the minimum MLR in California actually ended on July 1, actually June 30. So, the minimum MLR rebate provisions, I think, they began in January 2014 and then went all the way up through June 30 of 2016. And in the third quarter, we had mentioned that we had roughly $0.09, I think in the guidance for the full year which really represented the current year effect for our California Health & Wellness plan, and then subsequent to the acquisition date for the Health Net plan. So, in total, it was around 200  a little over $220 million of benefit for us for the full year, so that's little over $25 million of its effectively in the adjusted diluted earnings per share number, pre-tax.
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: We recognize only that portion in the areas affected at or impacted...
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Centene Corp.: In 2016.
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: 2016.
Michael Newshel - Evercore Group LLC: Right. And just one more clarification on the revenue guidance given that it was unchanged. Can you just clarify whether that includes the Pennsylvania HealthChoices contract win?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Centene Corp.: Yeah. Yeah. Obviously, we have  it does and obviously we have an $800 million range on that, so it's early in the year contracts start dates, et cetera, et cetera. We just thought it prudent to just keep the same guidance range with $800 million spread we have on the range.
Michael Newshel - Evercore Group LLC: Got it. And can you give us a any view on like what the sort of full annualized run rate of revenue would be in that contract? Do you have any visibility from state and how they are going to allocate lives?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Centene Corp.: No. We do not have visibility at this time. I can give you a range of membership. I'd say we're looking at maybe 75,000 to 100,000 members, so hopefully that's helpful, but more to come obviously when the state finalizes its allocation methodology.
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: And it's still a period when always period was taking place, you are not really having discussions about it, so.
Michael Newshel - Evercore Group LLC: Yeah, understood. All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Josh Raskin of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Good morning.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Michael, just wanted to follow-up on the North Carolina JV that you guys created. I certainly understand with the potential RFP coming out, why you guys would be so active early here. But could you just walk us through the economics? Is that kind of look any different than your typical awards? I know you said that the physicians have some ownership stake in it as well. So, is there some sort of non-controlling interest that you guys have to disburse distributor, how does that work?
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: So, it's going to be  it's an 80/20 joint venture with us having the 80. It's certainly  typically we've done in other markets very successfully. We work with the physicians on the medical policies and practices. The financial side of things we manage. And it will  in the end, ensure their involvement on how medicine is practiced, which is something we've always subscribed to in all markets. So there's no change there. But, yes, we think it's particularly important with the state that as large as that and as new as it is to really I've called it out and we want to doctors understanding that they will have every opportunity to view the medical policies and practices. And then  but from a financial standpoint, we will be managing that for.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Is there an exclusivity with the providers or I assume they'll be able to participate with other plans when the RFP is live.
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Well, I think history has shown true if they wish to provide with others, that's fine. But doctors tend to prefer or like the brands that that involve with. So we'll wait and see how that unfolds.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital, Inc.: That makes sense. And then just lastly on the health insurance in the marketplace, you mentioned 90%, I think, were sort of known. The other, call it, 100,000 or so lives that came from other plans, do you have color on the demographics for those individuals at all? Did they come from plans that exited or did you just take share from plans that remained? Is there any color on that 100,000?
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: I think we have some of it. Jesse, you want add to it, you have the more detail?
Jesse N. Hunter - Centene Corp.: Yeah, Josh. This is Jesse. So, we have some visibility on those. Obviously, we don't get into the specificity of which carrier in terms of exits and the like. And I think when we look at the pieces here, the most relevant data point is what Michael mentioned before that in aggregate, our key demographics, subsidy levels, metal tier, age, gender, up and down the line are almost entirely in line with our prior experience.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. All right. And that's inclusive of that extra hundred?
Jesse N. Hunter - Centene Corp.: That includes  that represents 100% of the members that we have for 2017.
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: We did not see anything so far that says, we're getting  we attracted any different members that we typically have, and other people in the room here are shaking their head yes.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. All right. Thanks, guys.
Operator: The next question comes A.J. Rice of UBS. Please go ahead.
A.J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks. Hi, everybody.
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Hi.
A.J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC: First of all, let me ask you about the Health Net synergies. I know you guys said you're generally tracking your expectations and presumably a lot of what you'll realize in 2017 is the result of actions already taken into 2016. I wonder when you think about 2017 and actions still to be done to capture more synergies. What's still left to be done with respect to Health Net integration and so forth?
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Well, we're still working through the operational systems, the claims payment, some of the medical management things being put in place. And Mark Brooks is doing an outstanding job for us in that area and working through very methodically. Some of them will be bringing back from offshore, some of the claims payment. That something is nothing to do with the current political environment. We announced that we will be doing that with the acquisition almost two years ago now. So that's consistent with our approach. So, those kinds of things and actually when we look at it, we're more efficient in our automated claims payment here in the U.S. and when it is offshore. So, we see all those things still to come to bear. But I keep encouraging and I think the senior management encourage everybody that's involved with the execution, it's not how fast, it's how well, it's on target. I think what was important to us and what I highlighted before, the things that have been integrated, the cultural thing, the HR, the general ledger where we're moving the IBNR system to ours running parallel in the first quarter, and then we'll be putting in our system, those kinds of things. It's really work the way one would expect it to and then some, and I'll gratuitously take advantage of your questions rolling one other thing. It gives us a great deal of confidence in our ability to take on a fairly large acquisition, one that was not simple and had some issues and integrated effectively, and so it's all worked on schedule.
A.J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC: That's great. And let me just ask on  some of the other companies are talking about how they're going to think about 2018 for the health insurance exchanges, given the moving parts in Washington, you're in the unique position, if you're still actually making money on the exchanges, a lot of the others are not. Any early thoughts about 2018 and the changing landscape, and how you're going to think about exchange participation, I know you've got to start thinking about it in the spring pretty seriously?
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: I had  we had our board meeting yesterday. And as you know, we have a couple of very knowledgeable board members. In our discussions, everybody is of one mind, you maintain business as usual and as I try to say in my prepared remarks, this is a population that I think everybody is going to work very hard to minimize the transition, the impact on the states and on the recipients. And our approach is going to be what it was this past year, continue to move ahead very effectively and  I'll go back and say that in 2008 when President Obama was elected, there were lot of concerns of what was going to happen? We said, business as usual. And we're just going to adapt to where it has to be and we're just going to continue down on 2018. We'll have this current exchange program or wherever we move to and we're comfortable we have the capability just to continue to do it. I'm not backing off at all in other words.
A.J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: The next question comes from Gary Taylor of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Good morning.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Just a couple of questions. First on the donation to the California Foundation, I presume that's just part of your corporate responsibility commitment to the state of California and there wasn't any contractual obligation to do that.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Centene Corp.: Yeah. That's actually not. It's just to the Centene Foundation. That's not specific to California.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Centene Corp.: Yeah, we've done this in the past. I think if you go back last year, anytime we usually have these kind of one-time benefits, we usually do some of the charitable contribution to our foundation.
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: We don't expect much credit for one-time gains and so that's an opportunity to build up a foundation that over time will help to ensure our ability to the earnings up. We're not there yet to maintain our commitment to all our communities across the country.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you. And then my second one was just, of the roughly 1 million exchange enrollment, would you be willing to give us the total for California and Arizona at this point?
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: We said Arizona just to about 100,000, and I don't know that we've specified in California.
Jesse N. Hunter - Centene Corp.: Yeah. I think the way to I think  yeah, excuse me, Gary. The way to think about kind of those two markets on the legacy Health Net side as we  Michael touched on Maricopa previously. So we have 100% of that market. It was directionally 100,000 members last year, so that's consistent with what we're seeing for 2017. And then on the California front, I'd say pretty  it's relatively consistent with what Health Net had seen historically, so I think kind of mid 100,000 range.
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: But I think what...
Jesse N. Hunter - Centene Corp.: Meaning  between 100,000 and 200,000.
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: What's really significant, how will this work, because I've been carefully following that with the our California people, that the  on the PPO, there was a shift in the population, that some of the  the book of business has really become balanced and we have about the same number this year as we did last year. We have  it achieved what it should. We expect our high utilizes, but we expect to balance, so it's a nice  every indication is it's a nice balanced book of business which is why we said we fully expected to be breakeven or less. Chris, anything you would add to that?
Christopher R. Isaak - Centene Corp.: No, Michael. I think you hit it right on the head. I think we're really happy with the way the benefit changes have moved the product.
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: And I want to call out the state and everyone else that understood the issues and helped us to do it. And we were able to effect the pricing and just create the right environment the way it should be. We took a much smaller price increase than what you originally heard about.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Lance Wilkes of Sanford C. Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Lance Arthur Wilkes - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Yeah. Good morning.
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Good morning.
Lance Arthur Wilkes - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: I wanted to ask a little bit about the long-term care business and if you could comment a little bit on both pipeline, if you're expecting any sorts of delays with respect to risk, or repeal and replace. And also, what sort of MLR trends are you seeing in that business?
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: I'll just comment that there's been a couple of states that we're in force now that have talked about delaying the re-procurement for a year. I think Kansas and there was one other one, which is five. I mean we're in force there and, some say it's business as usual. They want to do that, we can live, either way it's fine with us. Though the MLR, I don't know how it's...
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Centene Corp.: Yeah. As far as the MLR  this is Jeff. Hey, Lance. So, I think we've historically said that usually long-term care products are underwritten close to the mid-90s, it's a little bit below the mid-90s range because of the size of the premium. So we're seeing, I mean that's consistent with our experience, relatively close to where the state's underwriting the program.
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: And the SG&A is lower because once again the size of the.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Centene Corp.: Premium. Yeah.
Lance Arthur Wilkes - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: That totally makes sense. And then, in North Carolina and in the other places where you've taken kind of a similar approach in partnering with physicians, understand the 80/20 sort of split on the overall economics. Do you enter into a capitation or is there some sort of an upside and downside arrangement with the physicians as far as medical costs in those instances?
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Well, there have been, or ways to do some of that risk. We are moving to risk type contracting. And those are things yet to be worked out. We're in the early stages of those discussions, but it will be done in a way that's very balanced and fair to both sides and we've had great success with that. We have a shared risk where the physicians are taking on the ambulatory risk and we share in the inpatient/outpatient services. So, we have some model that I don't want to, for competitive reasons at this point, get too specific. But we have the systems capability we're developing, and continue to look at risk sharing with providers, but not at the global cap level. We've seen too many people have issues with that.
Lance Arthur Wilkes - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: The next question comes from Kevin Fischbeck of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks. Just wanted to ask on the individual business. I think previously you talked about having about $300 million of kind of making a net payable position on the risk adjusters, risk corridor, minimum MLR.
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Right.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Is that where you kind of ended the year or did anything changed around that?
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Jeff?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Centene Corp.: Yeah. Total around the year-end is going to be around $425 million of risk adjustment payable. You'll see that in our 10-K.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I guess the number I think that I remember hearing is kind of all of those things combined. Is that all combined or just the risk adjusted payables of $425 million?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Centene Corp.: That's just risk adjustment payable. So obviously, we'll have a receivable on the reinsurance, right, kind of goes the other way. Yeah.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah. And risk corridor and MLR, you'll be in a payable position as well?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Centene Corp.: Yeah. Those are relatively inconsequential as far as you look at the whole year. I mean, the majority of it's going to be in the risk adjustment payable and the reinsurance receivable.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then as far the MA rollout, it wasn't clear to me, you're saying that the MA business was going to be profitable. Was that related to the four new states were going to be profitable or is that including the existing California business?
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Well we were kind of in the totality of it, in totality. We said from the beginning, we're going to go very cautious in the new states. I mean it's just the way we do it. We did that with the exchange, get the experience, understand it. It's as much we have  we think we have a lot of capabilities at headquarters, but you really need to get your state employees. Those that are executing day-in day-out, get them very comfortable, train on just how they're doing it and then you end up with a much more successful longer term growing business. So it's just really taking that approach, Kevin.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah. No, that makes sense. And I guess maybe just a last question then. As far as, I know you said there's not a lot of membership in those four new states, but any color on the demographics of how that's shaking out?
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Jesse?
Jesse N. Hunter - Centene Corp.: Yeah. Kevin, this is Jesse. So, not a lot that we would be  that was kind of worth sharing it at this point. As Michael mentioned in his other comments, we've talked about consistently our focus is on making sure that we have a product that is attractive for the lower income seniors. So that will continue to be the focus as we apply the test-and-learn approach that we've talked about.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right, great. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Matthew Borsch of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yeah, I was hoping you could a little bit about the outlook for the commercial group business. Maybe give us a sense of how enrollment fared coming into Jan 1 and whether you think profitability will be stable 2017 versus 2016 or up or down?
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Yeah. As I said, we say commercial there's two aspects to it, there's what California is doing in small and large group and then there's the exchange. We kind of say that's all commercial. So, the exchange business, I think we've talked about and you have the sense. We're still very committed to the commercial business in California, large and small group, and Jeff probably has a few numbers on it, he can share and help us.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Centene Corp.: Yeah. So, a couple of things. If you recall, we took a lot actions in 2016 to improve the performance on the small group business. So I think our expectation is, is that that's going to be more profitable heading into 2017. Large groups have been very consistent. It's been a profit contributor in 2016, and we have the same expectations for 2017.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And how about the enrollment change going into the new year? What does that look like, large group and small group?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Centene Corp.: I think if you just look at our press release and you look at the fourth quarter commercial, you'll notice membership's down. Some of that's just a normal attrition of the exchange members, but the other component of that is lower membership in the small group and a little bit lower membership in the large group. And you have to remember, a bulk of those blocks renew for January 1. A large part of that business renews in December for January 1. So I think what you've seen is our actions around pricing and other network actions take effect. And so, the membership will be a little bit lower as we jump off the year. It's still in line with our forecast we projected this, but more profitable.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question...
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: We're still very committed to that business. Don't misread that.
Operator: The next question comes from Dave Windley of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
David Howard Windley - Jefferies LLC: Hi. Thanks for getting me in. Couple questions around pricing. First, is there any health insurer fee holiday benefit to 2017 earnings and kind of what was your strategy about the holiday, how did you apply that money? And then, what dialogue, what information are you getting from your Washington lobby, your contacts, in terms of prospects for having that holiday extended or the health insurer fee permanently removed as you think about pricing for 2018?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Centene Corp.: Yeah. So, this is Jeff. I mean, specifically, for the largest part of our business, there is no effect, right, on the Medicaid side. Those are predominantly pass through with the gross up et cetera, et cetera. I mean  I think we've talked about the Medicare before and I mean we just took that into totality in our pricing, right. So I don't see it as any benefit as far as that is concerned. And then on the  Michael, if you want to...
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Yeah. We're talking  we're very active in D.C., talking about all aspects of this business, and we think that the tax  call the taxes as the fees, are on the table for discussion. And particularly in the Medicaid business, we've been demonstrating that it's very circular. If we pay $1 in, because the actuarial soundness of rates by the time the state has to gross it up to keep our rates and they get reimbursed, it's costing them money. So we're showing them that. And we're also explaining that as they look at all these things, somewhere in the commercial, in other words, it finds its way into the pricing and they're talking about reducing the price of insurance, so that's on the table. At this point, there's no fixed or set anchoring on any particular point. It's all up in the air. So I'm not going to commit one way the other. I'll just say that we continue to work on it and I want to be cautiously optimistic we'll get a positive solution.
David Howard Windley - Jefferies LLC: And Michael, the kind of similar vein but different book of business. On your marketplace business, you talked about business as usual. Do you have any sense of whether  what the administration is going to do with co-pay assistance, the cost of  the out-of-pocket cost assistance for members and whether that will stay? Do you have confidence that that's going to be a stable environment for you to continue in the marketplace?
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Yes I do. I think  nobody  if you eliminate that support, that's the same as doing away with the product. I don't know if anybody wants to see that large number of people are back out on the street so to speak without insurance. And I think they will be  we believe strongly that that will be maintained.
David Howard Windley - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: In some point.
Operator: The next question comes from Justin Lake of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Thanks. Good morning.
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Good morning.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Just couple of questions. First the 900,000 that you talked about in terms of the individual membership, can you breakdown  we know 100,000 came from other plans. Out of the 900,000, how many are the members that were with Centene last year and how many are completely new to the company?
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Well we had 500,000 last year, like.
Jesse N. Hunter - Centene Corp.: I don't want to get too specific in terms of retention rates and other things on that, Justin. But I would say, as Michael is referencing, we had  with over 0.5 million lives last year and our retention rate was actually, I think it was the highest year that we have had of any of the subsequent years. Our retention rate was higher from 2016 to 2017 than we've had in the past. So I'd say, at least in line and I'd say a little bit better than what we've seen historically.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Can you give me a historical ballpark? I just don't remember on top of my head.
Jesse N. Hunter - Centene Corp.: So, well over 80%.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Got it. And then just on the pipeline broadly. Can you give us some color in terms of what you're seeing out there or what you focused on that you expect either is kind of out there in the market or expected to come to market in 2017 that will fuel 2018 and 2019 growth? Thanks.
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: And we have this in common, but we know that Oklahoma has an RFP out there, we're looking at. We know that North Carolina is working, we've talked about that. Cindy, anything else you want to add?
Cynthia J. Brinkley - Centene Corp.: No, that's right. I mean we still remain optimistic about the pipeline and what out there and we'll continue to evaluate these opportunities as they arise.
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Yeah.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Great. Thank you.
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Yeah, that works. Jesse, you made a very important point.
Jesse N. Hunter - Centene Corp.: Yeah. I think one thing just in general that we've seen over the last approaching a decade now, states have moved, the higher acuity more complicated populations in the advantage care and there's has been a lot of demonstrated success around that. So if you think about this environment where there's going to be more flexibility at the state level and more focused on cost containment while improving quality. I think you would look at long-term care, other complex populations being a real catalyst for more opportunity at the state level.
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: And we really prefer  I mean we planned on that. We have the systems and the capability to manage that population and we can safe to say there's a lot of money there while improving outcomes.
Operator: The next question comes from Scott Fidel of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Scott Fidel - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thanks. I just had one question. Just related to, there was an interesting proposal in the Florida Governor's budget to allow Medicaid MCOs to potentially shift the range at which they contract with hospitals to a lower range relative to FFS. I think it had been in 100% to 120% previously, and they're proposing it, shifting that down to 90% to 110%. Just interested if you have any more details on that, and whether you see an opportunity for that in terms of lowering your rates with the hospitals, and then also how that may actually work through the Medicaid rates. Thanks.
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Chris?
Christopher R. Isaak - Centene Corp.: Thanks, Michael. Yeah, we've had an opportunity to take a little bit of a look at this at this point in time. But I think right now, it's just, as you mentioned, it's in the Governor's budget. We're talking with the health plan to see what we think the impacts and something like this would be. But from our particular standpoint, we don't see a really big impact in this particular proposal at this point in time.
Scott Fidel - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Tom Carroll of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Thomas Carroll - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hey, guys, good morning.
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Good morning.
Thomas Carroll - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yeah, just a quick one here. As we look at the high end of your guidance, what does that assume about the California PPO performance?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Centene Corp.: It assumes break even. I mean, what we've said is we expect it to be roughly breakeven. We said that at December Investor Day, and that's still our message today.
Thomas Carroll - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yeah. Thank you for that.
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Which is a huge improvement.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Centene Corp.: Yeah, right.
Thomas Carroll - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Understood. You have a relatively wide range, so I didn't know.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Centene Corp.: Yeah.
Thomas Carroll - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I'm trying to get a sense of  I know you said at least breakeven, so at least breakeven is the high end of your guidance. So, if you do better than breakeven, you are coming in at the higher end of your guidance range all else equal, is that fair?
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: To the extent, that amount of population impacts it, yeah.
Thomas Carroll - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you.
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Ralph Giacobbe of Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning.
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Good morning.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Just wanted to ask about margin profile of the company at this point. It's been lifted a bit partially due to the Health Net deal. But as you look ahead, I mean, do you still see opportunity for margin expansion? How do you view a range kind of target margins? And just maybe talk about the impact of higher acuity populations coming on as we look to the out years?
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: So I think we're on record of saying that margin expansion is still a short and longer term objective of ours. And the higher acuity populations, as we said, we had the systems and capability, and I think that would  the more of that we have we can enhance it. Jeff, you want anything to add?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Centene Corp.: Yeah. I think what we've always held this long-term pre-tax margin of between 3% and 5%. I think, obviously, there's a lot of opportunity of margin. We've talked about synergies and the run rate synergies and executing on those. I think we still have room to go as far as systems and the operational systems that Michael mentioned before. Additionally, there's always investment income. Right now, interest rates are relatively low. So there's a lot of thing, I think, out there for the opportunity to expand margins in the future.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. And then just last one here. As you sort of expand presence on the exchange, have you expanded your provider networks, have providers started to come to you to want to sort of be included in your networks? And then, I guess, have you seen any pressure on provider rates sort of as a result of having to expand?
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: I think our mindset is  our population is 400% of the federal poverty level and below, and we're very focused. We're not trying to continue to grow beyond that except in California where we have the large group business and they have historically the relationships to support that. But if any of the providers that fit within our traditional provider group want to join, we'll be happy talk to, but we refined that the network we have is very adequate for the population we're attracting and serving.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Christine Arnold of Cowen. Please go ahead.
Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company LLC: Thank you very much. Two questions. We added about 500,000 public exchange members entering this year. It looks like you've got 200,000 plus with California and Arizona. Were there other big areas of growth that you'd like to call out as areas where you've increased your presence? And then the retroactive minimum MLR, does that change your view of how the Health Net business was doing when you acquire it? Are you not looking at the Health Net business and saying, gee, we thought they were losing X, but after this retroactive adjustment, it looks like it's doing better. And how do we think about that in terms of the Health Net run rate?
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Okay. Jesse, you want to take the population?
Jesse N. Hunter - Centene Corp.: Yeah. Christine, in terms of the markets where we've had stronger presence on the marketplace in 2017, so not surprisingly that matches up with where we have just a stronger presence generally at the local level. So states like Texas, in addition to the California and Arizona markets, so Texas, Florida, Georgia, those are all markets where we have a meaningful marketplace presence in 2017.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Centene Corp.: Yeah. And this is Jeff. I'll answer your second question. It doesn't change our views because ultimately, the minimum MLR ended in June 30 and they were accruing to that level. And in July 1, there was a rate reduction in the Medicaid expansion rates, sizable rate reduction, really in combination with eliminating the minimum MLR. So it doesn't change our views on the profitability of that product going forward.
Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company LLC: So, those two things were a wash.
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Yeah.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Centene Corp.: Close.
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Close. Yeah. More or less.
Christine Arnold - Cowen and Company LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Ana Gupte of Leerink Partners. Please go ahead.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning  for squeezing me in. On the guidance, so, you talked about flu. I was wondering if you had the leap year tailwinds in the guidance as well across your  I mean, Medicaid and commercial book?
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Yeah. I think we talked about that at our December Investor Day. So, yes, I mean we mentioned that. So that was in  I mean, nothing's changed since our December Investor Day.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: Okay. So, it is in there then? Because I'd offset the flu meds then, correct, more or less?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Centene Corp.: Predominantly. I mean, last year was a moderate level of flu. So, there's a lots of puts and takes. Obviously, we're managing over 300 products, 29 states, so I mean it's a $46 billion business this year.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: Yeah. It's huge, agreed. That's impressive. The second question on the rate notice on MA. Can you give us any thoughts on what this means for Health Net and your expansion states, Florida and Georgia and the others for 2018? What are you lobbying for from here on?
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Right. Jesse?
Jesse N. Hunter - Centene Corp.: Yeah. I'm not sure we'd comment a lot on that, Ana. Just other than to say that the preliminary view is in line with expectations. Our analysis is pretty consistent with lot of the reports that we've seen that have come out over the course of last week. So, there are some variability from state-to-state. So we're not in a position to get into that, just yet. But I think it's a good starting point, it's how I would characterize it.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: Okay. And the final one is on the Trump Executive Order that the news that came out last night and this morning, how do you see impacting? Is that going to impact your 2017 margins favorably and then what does it look like for 2018 on the...
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: I've been up early rehearsing for you Ana. Can you tell what Trump said last night?
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: I believe he is expanding the age underwriting bands to some degree and there's has been an Executive Order, I think, there's more flexibility on consumer cost sharing provider networks. I think that kind of covers it. There's no state...
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: We've been talking about the band, so he is showing us. So, I mean any of these things he does that improves it, there's going to be a lot of discussion about it. So it's all good. I mean, I'm just comfortable that we have our proposals into the decision makers. They understand it. They understand how big we are in this business, so it carries some weight. They're soliciting some of our opinions. We have a very active Washington office. So, any of these things that expand that correct some of the things, that needed corrected will only help us.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: Okay, great. Thanks for fitting me in.
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to conference back over to Michael Neidorff for any closing remarks.
Michael F. Neidorff - Centene Corp.: I want to thank you all for participating and I will tell you, I look forward to, for you to have more this kinds of calls with the kind of the results we delivered this past quarters. So, off to 2017 we go. Have a great year, everybody.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines. Have a great day.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-11-09 07:30:00) =====
Executives: Renie Shapiro Silver - Senior Vice President, Corporate Finance Barry Smith - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Jon Rubin - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Josh Raskin - Barclays Dave Styblo - Jefferies Michael Baker - Raymond James Chris Benassi - Goldman Sachs Ana Gupte - Leerink Partners
Operator: Welcome and thank you for standing by for the Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Todays conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now, I will turn the meeting over to Renie Shapiro. You may go ahead.
Renie Shapiro Silver: Good morning. Thank you for joining us today for Magellan Healths third quarter 2016 earnings call. This is Renie Shapiro Silver, Senior Vice President of Corporate Finance. With me today are Magellans Chairman and CEO, Barry Smith; and our CFO, Jon Rubin. This conference call will include forward-looking statements contemplated under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to known and unknown uncertainties and risks, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed. Please refer to the complete discussion of risks in our most recent reports filed with the SEC and in the cautionary note in todays press release. In addition, please note that Magellan uses certain non-GAAP financial measures when describing our financial results. Specifically, we refer to segment profit, adjusted net income and adjusted EPS, which are defined in our SEC filings and in todays press release. Segment profit is equal to net revenues less the sum of cost of care, cost of goods sold, direct service costs and other operating expenses and includes income from unconsolidated subsidiaries, but excludes segment profit from non-controlling interest held by other parties, stock compensation expense, special charges or benefits as well as changes in the fair value of contingent consideration recorded in relation to acquisitions. Adjusted net income and adjusted EPS reflects certain adjustments made for acquisitions completed after January 1, 2013 to exclude non-cash stock compensation expense resulting from restricted stock purchase by sellers, changes in the fair value of contingent consideration, amortization of identified acquisition intangibles as well as impairment of identified acquisition intangibles. Please refer to the tables included with this mornings press release, which is available on our website for a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the corresponding GAAP measures. I will now turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Barry Smith.
Barry Smith: Thank you, Renie. Good morning and thanks for joining us. As you read in our press release this morning, for the third quarter of 2016, we produced net income of $25.5 million, earnings per share of $1.06 and segment profit of $82.8 million. Third quarter adjusted net income was $33.3 million and adjusted EPS was $1.39. For the 9-month period year-to-date, we produced net income of $42.7 million, EPS of $1.75 and segment profit of $199.6 million. Adjusted net income for the 9-month period was $67.1 million and adjusted EPS was $2.76. Year-to-date through Monday, November 7, we repurchased approximately 1.8 million shares for a total cost of $106.8 million at an average price of $58.40. To-date, we have completed approximately 63% of our current $200 million share repurchase authorization. We ended the year with $233.8 million of unrestricted cash and investments. I would like to say how pleased I am with this quarters results. Over the last several years, we have built an exceptionally capable senior leadership team and our results reflect strong execution across all of our businesses. Before I move to highlights of the individual segments, I would like to take a moment to share my thoughts on how Magellan is not only a successful business, but even more importantly, how we make a real difference in peoples lives. There are great challenges in healthcare today with an alarming increase of opioid addiction, autism, mental health concerns, suicide and host of other suicidal challenges. These issues further complicate the delivery of physical care with the cost and quality of care directly influenced by the mental state of the individual being treated. Simply put integrated physical and behavioral healthcare along with sophisticated pharmaceutical clinical management is what is required to improve the lives of those who suffer from advanced illness. Bottom line, high-quality effective care at a lower cost. Our massive transformational purpose of Magellan leading humanity to healthy vibrant lives also reminds me one of my favorite proverbs one could do well by doing good. We remain focused on delivering strong shareholder value today and in the future through both the results we deliver and the positive impact we have on the lives of individuals we serve. Turning to our segment highlights, our pharmacy business posted strong financial and operational results consistent with that  with what we have seen throughout the year. During the third quarter, we experienced strong sales results across the number of markets. In the employer market, we had a net growth of 20,000 lives during the quarter bringing the year-to-date growth to 110,000 lives. In addition, we have expanded our previously announced alliance with Mercer, where we are a preferred PBM vendor and where we are recently selected as one of the two companies to provide specialty pharmacy solutions to Mercers employer customers. In the managed care business, our newest PBM health plan customer went live on October 1 with the second new health plan scheduled for January 1, 2017. In addition, we reached an agreement to continue providing specialty pharmacy services and expanded medical pharmacy management with the previously disclosed health plan, which transitioned away core PBM services on September 1, 2016. In the specialty market, we are currently implementing a new medical pharmacy health plan customer with over 2 million members that will go live at two phases late in the fourth quarter of 2016 and early 2017. We have also continued to expand our distribution and formulary management services across a variety of customers and drug categories. In addition, we are leveraging our clinical expertise to implement innovative clinical programs across several health plan customers, including our intensive diabetes, hemophilia, clinical utilization and our enhanced opioid utilization management programs. These include critical interventions and support to ensure appropriate utilization, improve outcomes and in the case of opioids, minimize the risks of abuse. Our Medicare Part D prescription plan, PDP continues to grow and currently serves 59,000 members. For 2017, we will continue to operate the PDP in 32 states. In 4 of the 5 regions where we received auto-assignment in 2016, we have the opportunity to retain or grow our auto enrollees in the coming year. The annual enrollment period runs from October 15 to December 7 after which we will have a preliminary view of our anticipated January 2017 membership. We have gained significant experience in this area and will leverage that expertise as we seek to help health plans manage this critical area spend. We continue to see a strong pipeline of opportunities across all our markets with a keen interest in our clinically focused, value-based approach to PBM and comprehensive specialty drug management. In our healthcare business, third quarter results were strong and we continue to execute on our strategic initiatives. We made important progress in several key areas this quarter. Regarding our SMI specialty plan in Florida, we have seen further improvement in results due to the continued progress on our medical action plans with our current membership totaling approximately 58,000 lives. We are also focusing on investments in quality initiatives in improving the overall system of care. Jon will discuss the Florida financial results in detail later in the call, including the recently released rates for the 2016 through 2017 year. As we discussed in our last call, we expanded our federal presence with the acquisition of Armed Forces Services Corporation or AFSC on July 1. We are pleased with the integration and results to-date. We received 3-year extensions on two of Pennsylvanias currently behavioral health contracts. Momentum is building in the commercial behavioral health as specialty solutions businesses, where we had sales of our behavioral sales, autism and radiology products this quarter. And lastly, as health plans are looking for solutions to opioid and drug abuse issues, we have launched several programs that have resonated well in the marketplace. The pipeline of healthcare opportunities is quite robust. In the commercial and specialty solutions areas, health plans continue to be challenged by their exchange of Medicaid business, particularly in the management of complex, high cost populations. As a result, plans are increasingly interested in our cost management solutions and we are seeing more opportunities from behavioral health carve-outs and increased demand for capitative programs. In addition, as health plans partner more frequently with providers, there is growing interest in our behavioral health models, which promote collaboration between health plans and delivery systems to improve outcomes. In the government space, we expected to see several RFPs, we expect to see several RFPs between now and the end of 2017 with the management of special populations, such as managed long-term services and support MLTSS, SMIs and adults with physical or developmental disabilities. We estimate that these programs with effective dates in 2018 and 2019 may provide a total market opportunity in excess of $15 billion. Finally, from Medicaid, Magellan Complete Care of Virginia was one of seven plans invited to negotiate for all six regions of Virginias MLTSS initiative also known as the Commonwealth Coordinated Care Plus Program. This program is expected to serve approximately 213,000 individuals with complex care needs across the state through an integrated care model, beginning in July of 2017. The negotiation phase includes contract elements, network development, what industry views and training and education. The state expects to make a final decision on its intent to award contracts in December. As a reminder, its important to note that there is no guarantee that plans are put for negotiations but this phase of the process will ultimately receive a contract. In both our pharmacy and healthcare businesses, we have an improved line of site into expanded opportunities in the future. The depth and breadth of experience we provide, including our core behavioral health capabilities, integrated care programs and full service PBM capabilities, unique specialty expertise give us a competitive edge as we continue to serve existing customers and win future business. I am very pleased with our strong results this quarter and our improved full year guidance. I will now turn this call over to Jon, who will provide you with more details on our third quarter results, 2016 guidance and directional comments on 2017. Jon?
Jon Rubin: Great. Thanks Barry and good morning everyone. Revenue in the third quarter of 2016 was $1.3 billion, which was 8.6% higher than the third quarter of 2015. The increase is attributable to new business and same-store growth as well as revenue from the AFSC and TMG acquisitions, partially offset by the loss of revenues associated with terminated contracts. Net income and EPS for the third quarter of 2016 were $25.5 million and $1.06 per share on a diluted basis, respectively. This compares to a net loss of $7.8 million or $0.31 per share on a diluted basis for the third quarter of 2015. The change in net income between periods is due to the after-tax impact of higher segment profit and a reduction in contingent consideration expense and stock compensation expense related to acquisitions. Our segment profit for the third quarter of 2016 was $82.8 million, an increase of 49.7% from the third quarter of 2015. This increase in segment profit is primarily due to new business, improved results in our MCC business, net same-store growth and the inclusion of AFSC and TMGs results in the current quarter, partially offset by the impact of contract terminations. Included in segment profit this quarter was approximately $13 million of net favorable out of period items, primarily related to favorable medical claims development in the Healthcare segment. For the third quarter of 2016, adjusted net income was $33.3 million and adjusted EPS was $1.39 on a diluted basis. For the third quarter of 2015, adjusted net income was $18.9 million and adjusted EPS was $0.76. The change in adjusted net income between periods was mainly due to the after-tax impact of higher segment profits in the current quarter. I will now review each of our segments results and growth opportunities. In our Pharmacy Management segment, third quarter segment profit was $32.1 million as compared to our 2015 third quarter segment profit of $30.9 million, reflecting an increase of 3.8%. This year-over-year increase is primarily due to business growth. For the third quarter, we recorded Part D revenue of $76.5 million and we still anticipate full year revenue in excess of $270 million. For the third quarter, segment profit for our PDP was approximately breakeven. Turning to our healthcare business, segment profit was $60.1 million, an increase of 104.4% from the 2015 third quarter segment profit of $29.4 million. This increase was mainly due to favorable medical claims development, improved care management results, new business and same-store growth as well as the inclusion of AFSC and TMGs result in the current quarter, partially offset by the impact of contract terminations. Segment profit for the quarter includes approximately $13 million of favorable prior period medical claims development, as mentioned earlier. In Florida, we continue to make progress in our medical care initiatives, particularly in inpatient care and emergency room visits. In addition, the final rates released by Florida reflect an increase in our base rates of approximately 4%. Consistent with the states rating methodology for other specialty population, SMI rate sales will no longer be risk adjusted. Including the impact of our continued care management initiatives and the updated rates, we now expect the full year medical loss ratio for Magellan Complete Care of Florida to be in the mid-80s. Regarding other financial results, corporate costs inclusive of eliminations, but excluding stock compensation expense totaled $9.4 million, which represents a $4.4 million increase from the third quarter of 2015. The increase is mainly due to higher discretionary benefit and M&A costs in the current year. Excluding stock compensation expense and changes in fair value of contingent consideration, total direct service and operating expenses as a percentage of revenue were 17% in the current quarter, as compared to 15% for the prior year quarter. This increase was primarily due to the inclusion of AFSC and TMG, the impact of business mix changes and higher discretionary benefit and M&A costs in the current quarter. Stock compensation expense for the current nine months period was $27.6 million, a decrease of $13 million from the prior year period. The decrease was primarily due to lower stock compensation expenses related to restricted stock purchased by sellers from the CDMI acquisitions as well as lower annual grants in 2016. The effective income tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, was 51.9% compared to 43.5% for the prior year period. The increase in the effective rate was mainly due to higher valuation allowances in 2016, with respect to losses at AlphaCare, which is outside of our consolidated tax filing group. Now turning to cash flow and balance sheet highlights, our GAAP cash flow from operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, was $70.9 million compared to $178.1 million for the prior year-to-date period. Our GAAP cash flow includes the shift between restricted cash and restricted investments, which affects the sources and uses of cash from operating and investing activities. Adjusting for the impact of these shifts, cash flow from operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, was $107.7 million compared to $84.3 million for the prior year period. This increase of $23.4 million is mainly due to higher segment profit in the current year, a reduction in restricted cash associated with terminated business and other net favorable working capital changes. These favorable cash flows are partially offset by a net increase in working capital for our Part D business of approximately $70 million, mainly related to the build of receivables as well as current year contingent consideration payments. This year, the company has made contingent consideration payments of approximately $92 million, of which $51 million is reflected in operating activities and $41 million in financing activities. As of September 30, 2016, the companys unrestricted cash and investments totaled $233.8 million, which represents an increase of $73.6 million from the balance of December 31, 2015. Our unrestricted cash and investments balances after payments for year-to-date share repurchases of $106.8 million, cash used for acquisitions of $127.5 million, contingent consideration payments of $92 million and reflects the proceeds from the new $200 million term loan as well as $90 million drawn on the revolver. Approximately $112.1 million of the unrestricted cash and investments at September 30, 2016 is related to excess capital and undistributed earnings held at regulated entities. Restricted cash and investments at September 30, 2016 of $299.8 million reflects a decrease of $115.2 million from the balance at year end. This decrease is primarily attributable to the use of restricted cash for the payment of claim and other liabilities associated with terminated contracts as well as the release of restricted funds for one of the companys regulated entities. We are revising our guidance for full year 2016 to reflect the improved performance of MCC of Florida, favorable claims development and the impact of lower estimated depreciation and amortization expense. We now expect revenue to be in the range of $4.78 billion to $5.02 billion and net income to be between $69 million and $78 million, which equates to EPS between $2.86 and $3.24. Segment profit is estimated to be in the range of $295 million to $305 million. Adjusted net income is expected to be between $101 million and $110 million with adjusted EPS between $4.19 and $4.57. EPS and adjusted EPS are based on average fully diluted shares of $24.1 million. This updated share count reflects share repurchases and option exercises through November 7, but excludes any potential future activity. In addition, we are revising our guidance for cash flow from operations before the impact of the shift between restricted cash and restricted investments to a range of $122 million to $153 million mainly due to the increased segment profit projection. Compared to the run-rate for the first 9 months of 2016, we expect the fourth quarter to produce stronger segment profit due to the following factors: the seasonality and timing of care results and customer settlements mainly in our healthcare business; normal earnings seasonality in our pharmacy business; the impact of new business growth across our businesses; the improved results in MCC of Florida; and the impact of the AFSC and TMG acquisitions. Now, we are working on finalizing our business plan for 2017 and we will provide detailed guidance later this month. In advance of that, I will now provide some initial commentary. As compared to our updated segment profit guidance range for 2016 of $295 million to $305 million, we currently expect that we will have solid segment profit growth in 2017. This expectation primarily reflects expected new business effective in 2017 in both our healthcare and pharmacy segments, the annualization of new business sold during calendar year 2016, same-store growth, improved profitability in our existing MCC markets, and the annualization of results from the AFSC and TMG acquisitions. These favorable variances are expected to be partially offset by the elimination of the ACA, the Affordable Care Act health insurer fees for 2017, which negatively impacts segment profit by approximately $17 million, but has no impact on net income. Approximately $7 million of net favorable out-of-period adjustments in 2017 primarily pertaining to prior year care development, previously discussed contract terminations and additional investments anticipated in our pharmacy and MCC businesses. In closing, I am very pleased with the results in both our pharmacy and healthcare segments. Our positive update for 2016 guidance reflects the strong operating performance as well as successful execution of our growth strategy. This positions us well for next year and I look forward to further discussing our 2017 guidance and sharing the details of our plan for solid earnings growth during our call later this month. With that, I will now turn the call back over to the operator for questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from the line of Josh Raskin from Barclays. Your line is now open.
Josh Raskin: Hi, thanks. Good morning. Just on the guidance boost specifically looking at segment profit, how much of that is from M&A? And then just to confirm the $13 million of good guy in the quarter, does that relate to prior quarters in 2016 or is that actually favorable development related to prior years?
Barry Smith: Hi, Josh. First on the M&A, the boosted guidance that we just announced, actually doesnt have anything to do with M&A, because actually if you look back at the two acquisitions we did this year we had previously adjusted guidance first in February and then in July for those acquisitions. So, this is unrelated to that. So, thats one piece of it. In terms of your second question  I am sorry, can you restate your second question please. So I make sure I have it.
Josh Raskin: Yes, so the $13 million was that related to prior years or just prior quarters?
Barry Smith: Yes, Josh, the vast majority was prior quarters. So it was in here. There was a very small piece that was prior year, but the vast majority is in here.
Josh Raskin: Okay. And then just on the MCC segment, I am curious how much of that improvement is just Florida? And then I think you mentioned that, that was specifically inpatient and emergency rooms, but any color on whats gotten better, is it just your old reserves or did you see an actual change in that fundamental cost trend?
Barry Smith: Yes. I mean, first, to answer your question, it is mainly Florida. We have seen some improvement in our New York business as well, but Florida is obviously larger, the larger piece of that. So, in addition to the rates I mentioned we are seeing a good improvement as I mentioned both in inpatient and emergency room visits and those were things that we had been working on for some time. So, it really is sort of the continued progress that we are making there, which again should position us well as we go into next year. So, those are really the key items. Now, there was a piece of the prior period development that we spoke about that was related to Florida as well. Well, it was probably about 50% of the prior period development again primarily in here.
Josh Raskin: Okay. Okay, that makes sense. Okay, perfect. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from the line of Dave Styblo from Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Dave Styblo: Good morning. Thanks for the questions and congrats on the quarter. Let me come back to the 17 comments there. I am wondering if Jon maybe you can put a little bit more of a finer point on what you mean when you guys talked about solid segment growth for next year, when I hear that I typically think of mid single-digit type growth. And also on free cash flow, can you give us a sense of does that return to normalized levels next year given some of the moving parts of the contingent payments and the Part D referral of capturing that revenue payment from CMS?
Jon Rubin: Yes. Dave, let me kind of take the questions. We will provide a lot more detail on the 2017 guidance as we go into our call later this month on the 22. I will say in terms of the commentary obviously using the terminology solid, we are obviously very pleased with the outlook right now for 2017. It was in the low single-digit or even low to mid single-digit range. We wouldnt have obviously used a term like that, but we will provide more details as we go forward. In terms of free cash flow again, I want to differ the details of that so we give the full guidance. I would say on the items you mentioned, the contingent consideration and also Part D, the impacts will certainly be less as we go forward given some of the activity we have had over the last year or 2 years. However, there are still other things that we are in the process of assessing. So, for example, we have talked about the fact that we are in negotiations with Virginia on a potential contract, but that could have certain capital considerations as we go into next year. And we just dont know enough of that yet to be able to give a complete picture. But again, we will circle back and tell you in more detail what we know later this month.
Dave Styblo: Sure. Thats fair. And then just with the election obviously going on here and when we went through the ACA implementation. I dont think you guys really call that much of a tailwind, I suspect there must have been just from increased membership and services that needed to be needed. But with Trump winning, I am wondering how you might think about any potential unwinding of benefits or services that that could happen, if there was some sort of repeal and replaced, especially if its on the exchange as I am wondering what sort of exposure you might have to providing services for those who have exchange benefits?
Barry Smith: Yes, Dave, Barry here. Again, great to have you on this morning, particularly this morning after the election, these are obviously very interesting and critical times. It seems like with every election there are always some pretty significant changes to business generally. And of course, this has more impact in healthcare than usual. Now, both of the Presidential candidates promised significant changes to Obamacare and oversight of pharmaceutical pricing. President Elect Trump has about to repeal Obamacare and it also supports expanding tax credits to encourage health savings again. So, we think it will have an impact clearly in our business here. Now, we dont have any details of his proposals and the process by which they will be enacted, but we will hopefully know more in the coming weeks and months here. We have an very expanded government relations team that will be very connected to the next administration. So, we think that we will have good line of sight as to what will happen. We can also say that even prior to the ACA we had direct-to-states contracts, which were very strong relationships. We did very well in that environment. And so we have always done a lot of public sector business and we are very successful at it. The reality is and its our view and feel that the skills that we have as a company dealing with these complex populations will not go away. These are the most costly and complex individuals that healthcare deals with. And we think that our unique set of capabilities will allow us to increase the quality of care, but also reduce cost. And so we dont think that  you dont quite know of what the impact will be over time, but we do think that we will do quite well in the future irrespective of the changes that might come down the path.
Jon Rubin: The other thing, I would just add to that, Dave, just little bit more specifically is while we do have some exchange business through health plans. I would say compared to maybe others on the managed care side, our exposure is relatively immaterial both in terms of revenue, but more importantly in terms of segment profit. Now, Medicaid obviously is a big source of business for us. But as Barry said, that isnt likely to be disrupted over the intermediate term. It may change in terms of some of the funding, but we are not feeling at least out of the gate like there is tremendous amount of exposure.
Dave Styblo: Okay, helpful. And then just two more on contracts, one existing one maybe new win here, on the Florida SMIs, it sounds like the rate increase has really helped you guys possibly move into the black. Whats assumed in guidance now for Florida? Are you near the 3% pre-tax margin now? And what do you think that can get to over time. And then lastly, on the Virginia MLTSS, thats obviously an encouraging sign not final, but what have you baked into 2017 guidance, if anything for perhaps startup costs related to that?
Barry Smith: Yes. So in terms of Florida, we didnt give a specific margin. We dont generally talk about margins at the customer level, but I didnt say is we are now expecting the MLR for the full year to be in the mid-80s, which is typical to what we target for mature account of this type. And obviously, every plan is different, but in that range. Relative to Virginia, right now again, we are really in the process of both negotiating and trying to fully understand the program going forward, including how membership is going to be assigned, if we are successful in finalizing the contract, etcetera. So right now again, we will give more details in a couple of weeks, but right now, we do have a range built-in for our plan is we are finalizing it for next year in terms of investment, but it is a range and we will be finalizing that as we complete the negotiations and hopefully successfully.
Dave Styblo: Got it. Thanks. I will step back for others.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from the line of Michael Baker from Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Michael Baker: Yes. Thanks a lot. I was wondering in terms of the Mercer addition in terms of the relationship, if you can give us a sense of what you think the carve-out opportunity is on the medical side and on the pharmacy side?
Barry Smith: Well, let me  thanks so much Michael for the good question. Medical pharmacy just for everybodys benefit is the part of benefit typically specialty, which passes through the medical claims system and benefit rather than through the pharmacy benefit. We have expanded our business quite dramatically over the last several years. And today, I want to say we cover 13 million lives or so under medical pharmacy benefit business. And we are the largest of our kind than anybody in the country. So we have unique and long experience in this space. It is most important because as you know the cost  the escalation particularly of pharmacy across the board, but particularly with specialty with the new introductions is focused in this space of medical pharmacy benefit. So while and certainly the Mercer relationship helps us, it actually is a great tailwind across all of our business segments in pharmacy, because customers realize the need to manage much more thoughtfully the quality and cost of care for the special benefit. For health plans this is a particularly important area, because so much of their HEDIS and Star scores are based upon the quality of care and a large part of that is based upon this tightly manage to the high quality way that care for our specialty pharmacy. So we think that the Mercer relationship is positive. It will  can either help us particularly important market, but the medical pharmacy capability really spreads across all segments.
Michael Baker: And then on the medical pharmacy piece of the Mercer relationship, I mean I understand the selling season as it relates to the PBMs side of it, can you give us a sense for how quickly opportunities might arise there and are they tied to any particular timeframe?
Barry Smith: Really, its more of a flow and the relationship, it continues to build. So we would expect to see increased volume over time. Its producing well for us today. And we continue to see it be a real opportunity for us in terms of pipeline for the future. So I just think its another distribution channel for our services and we think its Mercers recognition of the kind of a high quality unique approach we take with the Magellan RX. Its again very much more clinically oriented and sophisticated rather than just simply a discount. And so we think it will have great impact. We havent given any guidance and we expect to see the relationship to continue to expand and the pipeline opportunities to expand with Mercer.
Michael Baker: Okay. Thanks. And then Jon, I was just wondering if there were any one-timers that were worth calling out related to the PBM transition?
Jon Rubin: I am sorry
Michael Baker: With the contract loss, normally there are kind of fees to transition and I was just wondering if that was even meaningful?
Jon Rubin: No, nothing material.
Michael Baker: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from the line of Matthew Borsch from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Chris Benassi: Hi. This is Chris Benassi on for Matthew Borsch. I was wondering, if you have had any benefit from Florida catch up payments, several of your peers have touched on this and I was wondering if thats affected you at all?
Barry Smith: Yes. Chris, we actually talked about that in July for the second quarter. So there was no impact in the current quarter. We had recognized in round numbers, it was $2 million in the second quarter. And again, that had been previously accrued and announced.
Chris Benassi: Great, thats helpful for this quarter. And it sounds like you have addressed the issues around the September PBM contract loss and even taking out a step further by taking up a couple of new contracts, how do you confront the situation and remediate the lost contract and to backpedal a little bit, what drove the initial contract loss and are there any notable re-bids that we should be watching for the near future?
Barry Smith: Yes. Number one, as we announced that contract, it had significant top line impact, but really the bottom line wasnt material. And so it was we always  we never like to lose business thats for sure. But we also, as we announced today, retained specialty and other relationships with the same account. So it was a more of a relationship and the industry issue, where the MCO had another partnership that prevailed in terms of the contracts they had. It wasnt anything to do with the performance or service or anything of the like. We are very well thought of by both the industry and that particular client. So again, we never like to lose any dollar revenue and we certainly want to maintain the relationship with our clients. In this particular case, we are. And so we view that as very positive.
Chris Benassi: Okay, great, thats helpful. And one more, if I could squeeze it in, could you provide an update on AFSC integration, I know you had originally, you guided to $90 million of revenue over the last six months of the year, is this progressing as expected and could you give any directional color if thats coming in above or below?
Barry Smith: Yes. Chris, its very early. So obviously, in the first quarter of operations I would say things are going very well. In terms of revenue, we are on track. And again to-date, we are pleased and its performing at or better than expected.
Chris Benassi: Okay. Thank you again.
Barry Smith: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from the line of Ana Gupte from Leerink Partners. Your line is now open.
Ana Gupte: Yes. Thanks. Good morning. Following up on the Florida SMI, so I think I heard you say those mid-80s loss ratio, which is very, very strong, I think you had guided to high 80s, and at 1 point in 2013, then you were talking about SMI as a big opportunity, is there any read across to other states with the total market size, whats going on in other states as far as SMI, are they pulling that with the rest of the long-term care population or is there any intent to do the kind of carve-out work that you are doing?
Barry Smith: Its a very interesting question, Ana. Clearly, the need is there in virtually all of the states. We have these complex populations, the SMI population, the intellectually and developmentally disabled population, the ABD population, so all states really have the issue. The issue becomes then how do they approach it. Some states like Florida have carved it out and have awarded to us. We think thats a smart approach because we are specialists. And again, if you had cancer, you would go to an oncologist, because the oncologist is a specialist, not a general practitioner. While the general Medicaid and health plans are good quality providers, again they dont necessarily have the same tool set  toolkit that we have to address then needs of these individuals. And so Florida for us did a complete carve-out SMI plan. And various states are deploying they care for this population in different ways. What seems to be happening, we talked a little bit about in the script today is the long-term support services or managed long-term care services, much like our plan in New York with AlphaCare. Virginia is just segmenting the population in the [indiscernible] development we dont know precisely how that will ultimately develop. But most states are coming out with managed long-term care in one form or another, where they give complete responsibility for integrating care for those that otherwise would likely be in an institutional setting, but by providing this care and having contrary with guys like us, we are able to stay in their homes which they prefer to do, which is the lowest cost option. So we see states developing these kinds of plans. We think thats likely the trend for the future. We have mentioned during our call today that there is a  during the additional comments here that there is $50 billion market in the space for these kinds of programs. They are all a little bit different, but they are very similar and that they focus with those individual  on those with individuals with complex needs. And so we think thats how its going to play out.
Ana Gupte: Okay. Then on Virginia, is this the same for you as it is for any other player like Aetna or Anthem or are they kind of doing different more customized approach for you? The long-term care initially, there has been a lot of losses I think in states like Iowa very nice and is complaining that they are really bleeding money. They are all taking PDRs on it. So Florida, a smaller player like yourself, are you customizing it, what type of actuarially sound negotiations that you are going through with the state and that kind of thing?
Barry Smith: Well, certainly the states go through a process and there is certain oversight and regulatory, there is a rule set that drives those rates which are to be actuarially sound. And so hopefully that will continue to be so. We typically end up not negotiating the rates that are presented to us. We examine them and look at  look to see if we can live with those rates. If we can, we then contract with the state. They provide the data, we analyze the data and we go through a very thoughtful process with the states. And the states also understand that they cant create a plan that is not actuarially sound, because you are not going to have longer term relationships and care for those individuals in their states. And so there is a good  I think there is a positive feeling between states and providers like ourselves to come up with rates that we can live with, that allow for a sustainable program long-term. In terms of our competitive edge or stance in these markets, it really depends on the circumstances. In the case of, for example, Iowa, there was a very aggressive managed care factor that was applied to those rates in the State of Iowa and the state decided to go more go to generalists and then just simply have them handle the issues of these complex populations and thats certainly one approach. But more and more we see states being more interested longer term and solutions, which involved guys like us that have unique capabilities to manage these populations and demonstration of our skills from the past and our behavioral health systems and our pharmacy capabilities that allow us we take a leg up on the competition. We do think it will be kind of a bimodal approach, you will see flavors of both. But given our size and the opportunity and our unique expertise, remember that we are the only SMI specialty plan in the country. And so as we apply the states, particularly with acquisitions like TMG, it gives us unique capabilities to address the needs of the long-term support services market. So, we think that we are quite well positioned. We are going to demonstrate. We said in the past that we would be in between 5 and 7 states within 5 years. Will it take us a year or two longer? Who knows. But we are on track to do precisely, but we said we were going to do several years ago and feel very good about our progress.
Ana Gupte: Got it. So, TMG is helping you with your [indiscernible]?
Barry Smith: Absolutely, absolutely. Probably, one of the top consultants on long-term support services in the country having had a direct relationship with the state of Wisconsin, but also their expertise and their guidance was embedded in a large number of the proposals to states nationally. So, they are the experts and we are very fortunate to have them be part of the Magellan family. They bring us a lot of expertise and hence the importance of an acquisition. And I might just add relative to our thoughts about M&A, we dont just acquire entities to rollup revenue and accountability. We acquire entities to give us capabilities that turbo-charge our organic growth and TMG is a good example of that. They have unique capabilities. They are recognized nationally is an expert in the field and their experience combined with our capabilities makes for a very important competitor in the marketplace.
Ana Gupte: Okay. One final question on the drug supply chain and the PBMs and so on, we have been facing headwinds for a while. McKesson has highlighted big headwinds. CBS is now seeing pressure with the competition against maintenance choice now. Would you consider kind of your PBM functionality rather niche and insulated from all of this or are there any other read across headwinds?
Barry Smith: Well, we are certainly not completely insulated, but we are very, very different than the high volume PBMs that rely upon more commoditized services. Its really more in their business model its a matter of volume. The volume is important. So I dont discount that whatsoever. But we have really focused our capabilities on really having high clinical content, being smart not just about applying discount. Now, we can get down to discounts and they compete with almost the best of them nationally, but most importantly, its not what you buy the drug at, that really differentiates. Its the guidance of utilization being clinically smart about when that medication should be used and taking down the waste and increasing the quality of care through making sure that the utilization is appropriate, that could be not more true when it comes to specialty drugs, for example, that as you know incredibly expensive on a monthly basis. When you use that drug, how you use that and how efficacious it is means everything. A fraction of a point in a drug discount means relatively little. With the kinds of things we do really move market share for manufacturers who have drugs that work, we take great pride and be able to guide our clients in a more clinically sophisticated way.
Ana Gupte: Got it. Alright. Well, thank you. Appreciate the color.
Barry Smith: Well, thank you all for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you later this month when we provide details of our 2017 guidance. Good day.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes todays conference call. Thank you all for joining and you may now all disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Edmund E. Kroll - Senior Vice President-Finance & Investor Relations Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer Jesse N. Hunter - Executive Vice President - Products Kenneth Rone Baldwin - Executive Vice President-Insurance Group Business
Analysts: Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital, Inc. Christine Arnold - Cowen & Co. LLC Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP Scott Fidel - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) A. J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC Andy Schenker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America  Merrill Lynch David Howard Windley - Jefferies LLC Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC Sarah James - Wedbush Securities, Inc. Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Centene Corporation Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ed Kroll, Senior Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Edmund E. Kroll - Senior Vice President-Finance & Investor Relations: Thank you, Denise, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on our 2016 second quarter earnings results conference call. Michael Neidorff, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Jeff Schwaneke, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Centene, will host this morning's call. Today's call may also be accessed through our website at centene.com. A replay will be available shortly after the call's completion also at centene.com or by dialing in the U.S. and Canada 877-344-7529, or in other countries by dialing 412-317-0088. The playback number for both dial-ins is 10088567. Any remarks that Centene may make about future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provision under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in Centene's most recently filed Form 10-Q dated today July 26, 2016, and our most recent Form 10-K dated February 22, 2016, and other publicly available SEC filings. Centene anticipates that subsequent events and developments will cause its estimates to change. While the company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Michael Neidorff. Michael?
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Ed. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining Centene's second quarter 2016 earnings call. During the course of this morning's call, we will discuss our second quarter results and provide updates on Centene's markets and products. Additionally, we will bring you up-to-date on the Health Net integration and the fair value analysis of legacy Health Net's balance sheet. Let me begin with a few comments on second quarter results. The second quarter marks Centene's first full quarter with Health Net. Overall, we are pleased with our operating performance which is marked by strong top and bottom line growth. We recognize there have been questions regarding the Health Net balance sheet and underlying operations. Consistent with our previous comments, we continue to make progress on the fair valuation of the Health Net balance sheet. Importantly, there has been no unfavorable development on the medical claims liability established at March 24th. We did increase reserves for medical claims associated with disputed substance abuse treatment center costs. Additionally, we recorded premium deficiency reserves primarily associated with Arizona and California individual PPO business. We believe we have effectively addressed these concerns with the purchase accounting adjustments. We also believe the opening balance sheet is appropriately estimated at fair value and the PDRs offset losses for certain contracts in 2016. While there are some moving parts, it is important to note these issues are not unusual in a large acquisition, and we believe they are manageable. We are addressing them in a manner consistent with Centene's approach and have taken significant actions to improve these operating results in 2017 and beyond. These include price increases, plan design changes, and a significant reduction in our Arizona commercial book. Jeff will provide further details on this topic in his prepared remarks. Turning to second quarter financials. Total revenues increased 98% year-over-year to $10.9 billion. Membership at quarter end was 11.4 million, representing an increase of 6.8 million beneficiaries over the second quarter of 2015. The HBR improved 250 basis points year-over-year to 86.6%. This was mainly attributable to the product mix shift from Health Net. Importantly, we continue to see as well as anticipate stable medical costs trend. Lastly, we reported adjusted diluted earnings per share of $1.29, which includes a $0.19 benefit related to 2015 risk adjustment and reinsurance reconciliation under the ACA. This compares to $0.76 reported in the second quarter of 2015. Jeff will provide further financial details including updated 2016 guidance. Now on to the Health Net integration. As we discussed at our June Investor Day, the integration is on track or ahead of schedule in many areas. Our integration team continues to closely monitor financial and operational metrics. We have now completed the actions needed to capture over 90% of the $75 million first year synergy target. As a reminder, this target is for the first 12 months following the March 24 close of the deal. Additionally, we continue to believe we will achieve over $50 million in synergies in 2016 or approximately 70% of the first 12 months' target. We have begun to transition Health Net to Centene reserving methodology, and anticipate this will be completed by the beginning of 2017. We are also on track to begin the conversion of the California Plan into Centene's medical management system in the third quarter of 2016. Next, market and product updates. First, we will discuss recent Medicaid activity. In Pennsylvania, in April, Centene was selected to serve Medicaid recipients enrolled in Pennsylvania's HealthChoices Program in three zones in the state. This contract was expected to commence on January 1, 2017. However, on July 21, the state reissued the RFP with a 30-day response period and an anticipated start date of April 1, 2017. We are confident in the value we demonstrated in our response to the first RFP and look forward to this potential opportunity. Maryland. In May, Centene's specialty solutions division, Envolve, was selected by Maryland Care to provide health plan management services for its managed Medicaid operations effective July 1, 2017. This award highlights Centene's depth and breadth of management services packaged under the Envolve plan. Indiana. In June we successfully reprocured our contract in Indiana to serve Medicaid beneficiaries in the state. This new contract is expected to commence on January 1, 2017. Now, Medicaid expansion. At June 30, we served over 1 million Medicaid expansion members in nine states. This represents an increase of more than 630,000 recipients over the second quarter in 2015 and is primarily driven by the acquisition of Health Net's Medicaid expansion members. In July, Centene began serving Medicaid expansion beneficiaries in Louisiana under the state's newly implemented expansion program. We currently serve over 60,000 expansion members in Louisiana. Moving into Medicare and duals, at June 30 we served over 300,000 Medicare and dual beneficiaries. We expect to launch additional Medicare Advantage plans in four Centene states in 2017. As a reminder, the new plans will be launched under our four-star banner, which will give us the benefit of incremental premium revenue. I would also like to reiterate that we are focused on designing Medicare Advantage products to meet the needs of low income seniors. Next, Health Insurance Marketplaces. Centene's Exchange experience continues to be favorable and we are achieving margins at the high end of our targeted range. I would like to remind you that Centene's Exchange approach differs from most of our managed care peers. Our market price strategy has been and continues to be focused on targeted low-income subsidized individuals. We designed our Exchange solutions to be able to leverage our Medicaid platform, including provider networks. In the second quarter, over 90% of our Exchange members were subsidy eligible. This is consistent with 2014, 2015, and the first quarter of 2016. We ended the second quarter with approximately 618,000 Exchange members across 15 states. We continue to anticipate serving approximately 550,000 Exchange members at year end, due to normal attrition. Now Centurion, our correctional healthcare business, continues to successfully expand. In May, Centurion was selected to provide correctional medical services, as well as pharmacy services, to over 7000 inmates in New Mexico. These two separate contracts both commenced on June 1 and are operating in line with our expectations. New Mexico marks Centurion's seventh state of operation. At June 30, we served over 136,000 correctional members, nearly tripling the membership on a year-over-year basis. Turning to commercial, we ended the second quarter with over 805,000 commercial members. We remained fully committed to the success of the existing business in California. Finally, Federal Services. Last week, we were awarded a new contract for the TRICARE West region to manage the health care needs of active and retired military personnel and their families. Centene will serve approximately 2.9 million eligible beneficiaries in 19 states and regions (13:55). We are currently the managed care contractor for the TRICARE North region. The Department of Defense has reduced the number of regions from three to two as part of this procurement process. We expect a new contract to commence in the middle of 2017. Shifting gears to the rate outlook. For Medicaid, we continue to expect a 2016 composite rate adjustment of between 0% and 1%, consistent with the past 3 years. In conclusion, the second quarter was significant, as it was our first full quarter as a combined company, and we demonstrated our ability to execute on multiple fronts. We posted strong results. We increased full year guidance. We won new RFPs, and the Health Net integration remains firmly on track. We continue to be optimistic about our future and our ability to extend Centene's leadership position in government-sponsored healthcare. Thank you for your interest in Centene. Jeff will now provide further details on our second quarter financial results. Jeff?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer: Thank you, Michael, and good morning. This morning, I will begin with highlighting the results for the second quarter of 2016 and provide an update on our acquisition accounting and 2016 full-year guidance. We had a strong second quarter of 2016. Membership was 11.4 million members, an increase of 148% between years, driven by the Health Net acquisition. Total revenues were $10.9 billion, an increase of 98% over Q2 of 2015. Diluted earnings per share for the second quarter of 2016 was $0.98, adjusted diluted earnings per share of $1.29 when excluding Health Net acquisition costs and intangible amortization, compared to $0.76 on an adjusted basis last year. Diluted earnings per share and adjusted diluted earnings per share includes $0.19 per share benefit related to the reconciliation of the 2015 reinsurance and risk adjustment provisions of the Marketplace business. In more detail, total revenues grew by $5.4 billion in the second quarter, primarily as a result of a full quarter of revenue from the Health Net acquisition, Expansions or new programs in many of our states in 2015, and growth in the Health Insurance Marketplace business in 2016. Our health benefits ratio was 86.6% in the second quarter this year, compared to 89.1% in last year's second quarter and 88.7% in the first quarter of 2016. The 250 basis point decrease year-over-year results from including a full quarter of the Health Net acquisition and growth in the Health Insurance Marketplace business, both of which operate at a lower HBR. Sequentially, the 210 basis point decrease from the first quarter reflects the effect of the Health Net acquisition, the reconciliation of the 2015 reinsurance and risk adjustment provisions of the Health Insurance Marketplace business and lower flu costs, which were more prevalent in the first quarter of 2016. The Health Insurance Marketplace business continues to perform well in 2016, with over 618,000 members at June 30. During the second quarter, CMS released additional information related to the reinsurance and risk adjustment provisions of the business. The reconciliation of both of these provisions for 2015 improved our pre-tax operating results for the second quarter by approximately $70 million, or $0.19 per diluted share. This is after considering the risk-sharing contracts, primarily in California, the risk corridor, and the minimum MLR. For 2016, we continue to record reinsurance at the 50% coinsurance rate and record the risk adjustment utilizing the information we receive from the data aggregators, consistent with 2015. Our general and administrative expense ratio was 9.2% in the second quarter this year, or 9% without the costs associated with the Health Net acquisition, compared to 8.4% last year and 8.3% in the first quarter, also excluding Health Net acquisition costs. The increase year-over-year and from the first quarter of 2016 reflects a full quarter effect of the Health Net acquisition. During the second quarter, we incurred $0.04 per diluted share of business expansion cost compared to $0.05 in the prior year. Investment and other income was $32 million in the second quarter, compared to $10 million last year and $15 million in the first quarter. The increase is the result of larger investment balances associated with the Health Net acquisition. Interest expense was $52 million for the second quarter of 2016, compared to $11 million for the second quarter last year and $33 million in the first quarter of this year. The increase is due to the full quarter effect of the transaction financing and the issuance of $500 million of additional senior notes in June of 2016. Our tax rate for the quarter was 52.7% compared to 48.8% in the prior year. The higher tax rate is driven by the acquisition of Health Net. GAAP diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the second quarter was $0.98, including $0.19 of additional earnings associated with the reconciliation of the reinsurance and risk adjustment provisions of the Marketplace business. Adjusted diluted earnings per share for the second quarter was $1.29. Adjusted diluted earnings per share excludes $0.16 associated with the Health Net acquisition costs, and $0.15 associated with intangible amortization. Cash and investments totaled $7.5 billion at quarter end, including $196 million held by unregulated subsidiaries. We estimate our risk-based capital percentage for NAIC filers to be in excess of 350% of the authorized control level. Debt on June 30 was $4.5 billion, including $185 million of borrowings on our revolver. Our debt to capital ratio was 44.4%, excluding our non-recourse mortgage note, compared to 44.3% at the first quarter of 2016. Our medical claim liability totaled $4 billion at June 30, representing 43 days in claims payable. Cash flow used in operations was $420 million in the second quarter. The cash flow from operations was impacted by the delay in our premium payments from several of our states as a result of their fiscal year ends. Those payment delays decreased our operating cash flows by approximately $600 million. We subsequently have received substantially all of the delayed payments. Next, I want to provide an update on the Health Net acquisition accounting. During the quarter, we have made progress in updating several fair value estimates as of the acquisition date. Although we have not experienced any unfavorable development on the medical claim liabilities established at March 24, 2016, we have increased reserves by approximately $90 million during the quarter associated with disputed substance abuse treatment center claims. We expect to continue to review the reserves for the substance abuse treatment facility claims. However, we have finalized our fair valuation of the remaining medical claims liability. Additionally, we recorded premium deficiency reserves of approximately $300 million, representing the fair value of underperforming contracts for the period from March 24, 2016, through December 31, 2016. The premium deficiency reserves are primarily associated with unfavorable expected performance in the following areas. First, losses in the individual commercial business, largely in California, driven by increased utilization of substance abuse treatment facilities. Second, unfavorable performance in the Arizona commercial business reflecting the unfavorable risk pool caused by the grandmothering of non-ACA compliant policies further compounded by the lack of risk corridor benefit. And third, unfavorable performance in the Medicare business, primarily in Oregon and Arizona. We expect to continue to review the premium deficiency reserve for the substance abuse treatment facility utilization estimates. However we have finalized there for valuation of the remaining premium deficiency reserve liabilities. It's important to note we have taken steps to improve the performance of these businesses for 2017. Specifically, we have filed for rate adjustments in the individual commercial business in California more in line with our costs. And we believe the outcome of the 2017 Medicare bid process will improve the margins in Oregon. We have taken steps to mitigate the substance abuse treatment center cost in the individual commercial business in California including modifications to plan design. We have accelerated the integration of the Arizona Medicaid business and taken actions to reduce our exposure to the individual commercial product in that state in 2017. And we are actively working with the California Department of Insurance to ensure we maintain a competitive individual commercial product in 2017. We believe the actions we have taken will improve the operating margins in 2017. We have now (23:36) completed our fair valuation exercise associated with intangible assets, certain tax matters, and the substance abuse facility claims and the related PDR. I would refer you to the form 10-Q for a more expansive disclosure. Lastly, an update on our 2016 full year guidance. We expect total revenues of $39.4 billion to $40 billion, GAAP diluted earnings per share of $2.65 to $3, adjusted diluted earnings per share of $4.20 to $4.55, a consolidated health benefits ratio of 87% to 87.5%, general and administrative expense ratio of 9.4% to 9.9%, the G&A ratio excluding transaction cost of 9% to 9.5%, an effective income tax rate of 54.5% to 56.5%, diluted shares outstanding of 162.5 million to 163.5 million shares. We estimate our operating cash flow to be between 1.5 times to 2 times net earnings. This can be influenced by the timing of payments from our states as well as the payment to states associated with minimum HBR and other return of premium programs. We estimate business expansion costs of $0.25 to $0.30 in 2016. That concludes my remarks. And operator, you may now open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Your first question will come from Josh Raskin of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. Thanks, good morning.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good morning, Michael. You guys just ran through a whole bunch of stuff on the PDR and I guess I just really want to understand what exactly is going on with those losses. So I mean the $300 million seems like a pretty big number, that's 50% or so of Health Net's pre-tax. So I guess I'm trying to understand, were their earnings just overstated historically or in these PDRs it sounds like that's really just from March 24 through the end of the year. So it sounds like it's a run rate of more like $400 million, and I'm just curious how does that not impact operations going forward?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer: Yes, Josh, this is Jeff. You're correct. I would bifurcate that. The PDR also does include the substance abuse facility issue that I just mentioned and I will tell you that the largest component of the PDR is in Arizona. So I think that the math that you did is pretty close as far as the annual run rate. And what I'll tell you is that it was based on information as of the 24th of March and using that information and fair valuing those liabilities effectively as of the acquisition date. And that all those things that I enumerated as far as the actions we have taken, we believe will improve those margins heading into 2017.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I think, Josh, that's kind of the key as you  if we run through all the various issues, all the actions are being taken with effect January of 2017, which is plan design which we've been working on for the past several months, the premium increases, the removal from business in Arizona. So there's a whole list of issues that have been dealt with very aggressively so that we will not be discussing this kind of issue next year.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital, Inc.: So that makes sense. I just want to make sure I understand. So the substance abuse is included in the $300 million, that's the $90 million or is it more pervasive than that?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer: No. there's actually two components, Josh. So, there's a piece that's really from March 24 and prior and then there's the March 24 and into the future, right. And so the $90 million is what we added to the medical claims liability as of March 24, that really is for the prior issues. And then we have a component which is also in the $300 million for, I would say, March 24 through the end of this year.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So there are some changes been made to the certificate of benefits and the timing on that is being worked on with the state. And there's some fraud and abuse that's under full investigation by ourselves and the state, which will impact both of those issues. And so the best way to deal with it was this way, knowing that going forward it's been dealt with very effectively.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital, Inc.: That makes sense. But I guess I still question how does Health Net get away with not  like what exactly was the dispute, they just weren't paying these claims and it turns out they had to? I'm just curious how...
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I'll give you as much as I can, but it is in litigation. Some of it's in litigation at this point, so I want to be careful. But in the interest of as much transparency as we can. There were some changes to the certificate of coverage, which we believe we're entitled to. And which the state's evaluating as well as through other legal recourse. There's that. That's being contested by the providers. There's also a whole series of claims where we believe there's been significant fraud and abuse that we have contested and are being investigated very thoroughly and we expect to prevail on a lot of those. So what we've effectively done is we've changed some things that created this issue this year but will not be an issue next year. And so the best way to handle it going forward and it doesn't hit income, it goes on the balance sheet with purchase accounting. We had that and so what Jeff and the finance team has done is that once we closed, we had the benefit of being able to pore through everything, make those adjustments and ensure that its not hitting the income statement. And so that's as much with the legal issues and the fact that it is going to be in the courts, I want to be careful how much more I say, Josh.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital, Inc.: No, that's fair, Michael. I get it, I just want to make sure I got the number right. So $90 million is prior plus another chunk of the PDR going forward. So I don't know, let's just call it half of the PDR for rough math, is substance abuse related. And are you guys assuming that you owe all of the claims now. I mean, I understand it's under litigation.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, you know, I know I can't comment on that. I've got to be really careful on that one, Josh.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I don't want to tip any hands.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital, Inc.: No, I get that. So and I apologize for all the questions.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No, no. I'm glad you're asking this because it's really important to us that everyone understand that the way Centene does these things, is we look at it, we address it. You know, I've had several meetings personally with Commissioner Jones. We've talked about it and his deputy. We've talked about the action we're taking. What some people thought we had to wait till 2018 we're effecting January 1 of 2017. So we're being very aggressive in fixing it. The other side of it, I don't want anybody to lose sight of this, there's a lot of business, Medicaid and other, that's doing very well and you saw some of the benefit of the HBR. So we knew some of this was where. We knew it could be dealt with in purchase accounting and we continue to move through it aggressively.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And are you guys exiting  so Arizona is the largest component, whatever, I don't know what that means, half or so but are you guys. So is this like, you know, how much of the business that's suffering or how much of that you just flat out getting out of next year?
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: There is a considerable amount of it that we are exiting and the exact amount we'll be able to discuss in future calls.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: But if it's unprofitable and we do not see a road to normalizing margins in it, we're going to exit it, and it's not a overwhelming amount of the business.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer: And Josh, this is Jeff. I mean, just another thing that compounds the issue is the risk corridor, so a substantial piece of the risk corridor  the theoretical benefit that Health Net had assumed was in Arizona. So that's obviously compounding the issue and increasing the size of the PDR there.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: And I can't emphasize enough, I'm really glad that this came out so fast because it's things that have been there that we're dealing with very effectively, we believe, correcting, and will be behind us as we move forward. So I'm really glad it came out quickly.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Me too. And then, I guess, just last one, again I apologize for another question here. Just the $0.19 benefit on the 3R accruals, obviously that means that the Exchanges ran a little bit better then you guys had accrued for last year. Is there a similar expectation now for 2016, did you make any adjustments? I'm assuming you're accruing three 3Rs and payables based on the same math you've...
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I'm going to  I'll start and then Jeff can add anything if he likes what I say or don't say. We, obviously, accrue at what we believe to be the most realistic number that reflects where it's going to end up. But we also apply an abundance of conservatism. I would much rather sit here and say there is a benefit than a loss or something less than that. So I think  I would hope next year there's a benefit. I'm not going to project it to be as large, but I will say that we treat it as a one-time thing. We call it out separate from the $1.10 earnings in the quarter. Because we're not looking to say we had a wild and wonderful quarter from operations. We did have a very strong, positive quarter for operations. But that extra amount we call out as separate from that that which came from continuing operations.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thanks for that.
Operator: Our next question will come from Christine Arnold of Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Christine Arnold - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hi there. Couple questions. The profitability from the new TRICARE contract, we could assume that that's comparable to the old one?
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Jesse, you want to talk about that?
Jesse N. Hunter - Executive Vice President - Products: Yeah. Christine, Jesse Hunter here. So we're obviously not in a position to comment directly around the pricing of the new contract. But I think you've noted in some of the other notes that are out there, the contract is similarly sized to the current experience that that we have in the TRICARE North region. So and it's similar set of benefits and the like with the management services, et cetera. So, I think we'll provide more guidance on that as we get clarity on the process and timing. But I think that's certainly a reasonable starting point
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: And I also think that the TRICARE beneficiaries and Department of Defense are going to benefit from the fact that while it was good before, our medical management systems and things we're bringing to bear in the new contract will be beneficial to the recipients.
Christine Arnold - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. And then on the $0.19 on the risk adjusters and reinsurance, can you give me some sense how much of that was Centene versus Health Net and was any of this just purchase price adjustment and not kind of run rate in earnings for Health Net?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer: Yeah, I can give a little bit on that. So, obviously, Health Net had some larger balances on the reinsurance and you are well aware what they disclosed in their 10-K. So they were more of the number than Centene was. And there was a small, I would say an immaterial, piece on the reinsurance side that was in purchase accounting but for the most part the majority of it came through in the $0.19 you see in the financials.
Christine Arnold - Cowen & Co. LLC: So most of the reinsurance and risk adjuster, this $0.19 was accrued by both of you, it wasn't just for accounting stuff?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer: Well, no, and I mean said another way, I guess, it was not trapped in purchase accounting, right. This is the estimates that we had on the books as of the 24th, the fair valuation. And then  and that was by the way, that information was developed using the same data aggregators that we use and that Health Net uses and I would say that the ultimate outcome was the $0.19, once we got the final information from CMS.
Christine Arnold - Cowen & Co. LLC: Right. But is it fair to say that you did a purchase price adjustment on Health Net's balance of reinsurance and risk adjustment, therefore some of this may not have been in run rate earnings last year?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer: It was an immaterial amount specifically on the reinsurance and I would say it trimmed some of the upside on the reinsurance by a small amount.
Christine Arnold - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. So this is real?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer: Yes.
Christine Arnold - Cowen & Co. LLC: It isn't just accounting...?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer: Yeah, it's real.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: It's real.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer: Yeah, absolutely.
Christine Arnold - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. And then last question.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, everything we do is real.
Christine Arnold - Cowen & Co. LLC: Well I know, but purchase accounting kind of stuff we are seeing (37:17)
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I know.
Christine Arnold - Cowen & Co. LLC: So I'm just a little bonkers on run rate. How do we think about the reprocurement risk next year? That's my last question.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, we have a solid track record of reprocurement. I don't want to jinx it and Cindy may want to comment but we are comfortable. We track it. We've won seven so far this year, and we have a chance to win one the second time and we're confident we will, with the results we had last time. And so I think from a reprocurement standpoint we go at it aggressively as we have every other one, but I think the track record speaks to it. Cindy, anything you want to add? And I don't see it as a huge risk, anyway.
Christine Arnold - Cowen & Co. LLC: Perfect. Thank you.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Chris Rigg of Susquehanna Financial Group. Please go ahead.
Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Good morning.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Just to go back to some of the stuff Josh was touching on because I think this is the way the market might interpret some of the commentary this morning that if Health Net was doing $600-ish million of EBIT last year and you got $400-ish million of cost charges, et cetera, however you want to describe it. Is the right way to think about it that the earnings power is really closer to $200 million to $300 million of EBIT from Health Net or do you think it is more in that $600-ish million range?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer: Well, I think, Chris, what we are saying is that there's some specific items that are obviously depressing the profitability in 2016 that we believe are going to resolve for 2017. So and I would just point to this specific issue of the substance abuse treatment facility which is a significant portion of the overall what we're talking about here. So, and we believe we will resolve those issues heading into 2017. So, you know, if we resolve the issues that we talked about today, I would say it's closer to the higher number.
Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Okay. Okay. And so the $90 million is basically for the 27-ish months of really 2014, 2015 and about three months of 2016, so about $4 million (39:36) a year, is that the right way to think about it?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer: It's everything prior to March 24.
Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Okay. Okay. Then just separately, Florida MMA, there's been a discussion of true-ups related to prior period underpayments, 2014 and 2015. Have you guys made any assumptions around that in your  call it in this quarter and/or going forward, in terms of what you might receive?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer: Yeah. Chris, I talked about this at the Investor Day because the MMA, I think they'd already released this potential rate correction. So we did see a positive impact from the MMA rate correction disclosed by the state during the quarter. However, I did mention it was muted by reconciliations that we had in the long term care product that went the other way. So I would think, on a going forward basis, heading into 2017, it is a positive. But specifically this quarter, we did have kind of an offset for that in the same state.
Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Okay. And is that in the 0% to 1% composite rate adjustment for the year?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer: Yes. We do have a forecasted rate adjustment for Florida, it's a 9/1 effective date, so yes, yes that is. It's in there.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: It's in the total composite.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer: That's right.
Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: The next question will come from Scott Fidel of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Scott Fidel - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thanks. Just on the California individual business, just what are your plans for the PPO block for 2017? Are you actually planning to continue to offer that product? And then just in terms of the rate increases, you mentioned that you think that you're comfortable with what you have for 2017, we did see the final covered California data that came out on the rates, and it look like you guys were up around 10%. Just one question, though, since it did look like both Shield and Anthem had some very robust rate increases in the risk adjustment settlements and reinsurance that they had looked like they had some pretty adverse selection in some of their books in California. So, just interest in terms of how you'll try to position the business not to attract some of that adverse risk from those two companies as they raise rates well above the market?
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. I think that's something that Centene is well experienced at, and we've been working with the state at the highest levels to redesign the PPO product. There were major flaws in it, and we corrected that. There's a combination of correcting it and ensuring that it's competitive, ensuring that it attracts a balanced book of business. We never design anything to be one-sided or just get healthys, but we want to make sure we get a balanced book. We definitely want to make sure we're not selected against adversely, relative to the competitors. And I think the design we've come up with, using our experience, modeling systems capability, has put us in a strong position to do that. And the rate adjustments will be important, and the same competitive rates rate-wise and having a product that can be competitive is part of getting a balanced book of business. So I can say it's something I've personally been involved in, in pushing and discussing, and I'm very comfortable that we're going to move in the right direction very quickly there, starting January 1. And that's why, setting up the PDR for this year, that's really using it the right way, because we know that come 2017, we'll be in the position we want to be with those products, and we'll be able to, we believe, grow them and do well.
Scott Fidel - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Long-winded answer, I hope I answered it for you.
Scott Fidel - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Yeah. No, I appreciate that. And then, just on the continuation of the fair valuation of the Health Net reserves and, Jeff, you'd mentioned that a lot of it's completed. Any way to estimate, I guess, the percentage of the action items that relate to that fair valuation process that have now been completed and those other elements that you're still working on, like what percentage of the overall process you'd estimate that that equates to?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer: Yeah. I mean, I can  I think what I said today was, if you look at the medical claims liability absent substance abuse, which we're still looking at, we're kind of done with that. Looking at the PDRs, again, ex-substance abuse, that's still something we're trying to zero in on. We're saying we're done with the PDRs from that perspective. But really every  I mean there's some small, what I'd call small items that have gotten resolved. But we're still open on, for example, our intangible asset valuation. Right? The $1.5 billion that's on the books. And so in general I would say, if you look at the large items, we've kind of covered two in the medical claims liability and the PDRs, but there's still a lot of other items to go as far as the valuation is concerned. So it's hard to give you a percentage of the total balance sheet. But there is still, obviously, some large items, like the intangible asset valuation, some tax matters, et cetera, et cetera, that we have to go through. So if you look at our form 10-Q, it will disclose, number one, the changes in the quarter and then, two, kind of what we're open on.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I think what's important here is, the operational side of things have been resolved. And now we're dealing with the accounting things that they kind of are what  it's what it is, and you take advantage of it.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer: Yeah, and Michael has always mentioned, it's not how fast, it's how well. Right?
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer: So we're doing a thorough process and obviously, that's what we're focused on.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: But, once again, I emphasize it's not operations. The operations is right where  we feel we're just about there.
Scott Fidel - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Right. That's what I was trying to get to, because especially with the planned execution of the conversion to the Centene medical management platform in California in 3Q, just wanted make sure that, for all the elements that you're planning that relate to the conversion, that you've now completed the analysis. So...
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, absolutely, and I can't wait to get to that conversion, because it's going to give us the kind of analytical information that allows us to really just continue to improve health states and manage it.
Scott Fidel - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from A. J. Rice of UBS. Please go ahead.
A. J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks. Hi, everybody. Just a couple quick questions, here. First on the Pennsylvania delay in the managed Medicaid. Have they given you any indication, is that going to affect the rollout of the LTSS in any way, and when we might hear something definitive there?
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I asked that question and they thought it would not affect it. So  but I never put, as I said  this can be direct quote  I never put my hand in fire over any dates that states give us on when something is going to be announced. So we will wait and see.
A. J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And then  I know in the prepared remarks, you said you have gone ahead and you're entering the four new markets for MA. Any comments you want to give us on how you're treating the one year moratorium on the health insurance fee in thinking about bidding for that MA business? And I also would ask in the MA area, you've been recently in the press potentially as a candidate, looking at some large-scale M&A activity. Any comment or update in your thinking there, that you want to share with us?
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Let me gladly respond to that, and what we said in the statement we released. One, we tend not to comment on rumors, but I did add to it that I think, if there is any one thing that Centene is recognized for, is that it has not participated, and will not participate, in bidding in auctions. So anything that indicates that would have to be considered a rumor. Secondly, at various conferences which were webcast to protect everybody (48:05) I commented that the MA that we're in, and my comments talked about at the lower socioeconomic level. And that what we see out of the Humanas and others are businesses that are at a higher level that we do not have a network for. And that's not our business. We would not build a network for it. So I guess somebody was spreading some rumors. I can't be more direct than that and I'm glad to do it because this is webcast. Now what was the first part? I got so excited I could answer that, I forgot the first part of the question.
A. J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC: Just in thinking about the bids in MA for 2017.
Jesse N. Hunter - Executive Vice President - Products: Yeah, A. J., it's Jesse. Yeah. I think as we talked a little bit about at Investor Day in terms of the four new markets this notion of a proof of concept as we roll out and about the new Medicare Advantage platform, if you will, into the legacy Centene states. So we're obviously still in the midst of that the bid process. That's not finalized. We won't get into a lot of commentary around the components of the rates and the like. But our strategy, as Michael said before, has been very consistent. We want to have a product design that is attractive for low income seniors, so I think that's probably the best indicator of what you should expect to see once these things become public later this year.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: All right, I'll even  I'll give you a sense of how we like to know where we're going. Once we prove the concept here, we know which states we're going to go after in 2018.
A. J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. All right. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question will come from the Andy Schenker of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Andy Schenker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks. So prior period reserve development, as reported in the release of $252 million is pretty strong, up sequentially there. First off, just to be clear, I assume that only Centene business, maybe only a week of Health Net, and maybe talk a little bit about maybe what's driving some of that strength in the development?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer: Actually I think what's discloses is a roll forward from last year, right. So that would be only the Centene business. And we really look at it on a percentage of medical expense. And so I think our view is it's been relatively consistent. Obviously I think we've done some Investor Days and some presentations were we look at 1.2% to 1.4%, 1.6% in medical expense. And so I don't think there's anything unusual there.
Andy Schenker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Just following-up on that thought process, in the prepared remarks you said you anticipate stable  continue to see and anticipate stable medical cost trends. I mean anything similarly worth calling out in the Medicaid business, any states or business lines, i.e., higher acuity populations that are causing any troubles there?
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No. I think we can stand by that original statement.
Andy Schenker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Then, maybe just slip one more real quick here, just on modeling service revenues. $588 million obviously a big step up now including Health Net. Is that a good run rate we should be using going forward.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer: Yeah I think that's a pretty good run rate, could be a touch higher, but I think that's in the ballpark.
Andy Schenker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great, thank you.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Andy.
Operator: The next question will come from Peter Costa of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks. Getting back to the PDR and your fixes to it, to the problems, it sounds like you're mostly exiting the problems in Arizona. So that seems fairly solved and maybe pricing in Oregon Medicare is resolved. But it sounds like the California individual business is still quite unresolved and that you're still discussing pricing and actions there and the payments to the substance abuse providers is still disputed and going through as disclosed in the newspaper articles being investigated by the states as of the last month or two. So can you talk about how much of the PDR is actually really resolved at this point versus how much of the ongoing problem is not yet resolved for 2017?
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good, let me take initial shot at this. One, the behavioral side of things, the benefit certificates have been redone, have been approved by the states and that will effectively, we believe, take care of that going forward. There is always the potential for somebody to try some fraud which we will always go after very aggressively and we have a fraud and abuse program that identifies and goes after that very effectively. So, I see that as a 2017 issue, not there. On the individual plan on the PPO product, I believe we have now the right design. The actuaries are looking at the right pricing and doing it the way Centene has priced things and it still  we're taking the same approach we have with the market price products. You go at it, you design the product, you work with your actuaries and you get your pricing right. So on a going forward basis, I expect that issue in 2017 to be gone and that's why it was appropriate to do the PDR for this year, because this was something we inherited, and it was prior to the 24th when those things were set. We see the impact on the year. We dealt with it that way but, most importantly, we're comfortable that the changes being made will minimize or eliminate this in 2017. I can't be more straightforward, transparent and confident than that.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Can you quantify how much of the PDR relates to the California individual business which still seems a little bit uncertain for next year?
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: As it relates to next year, I'm not uncertain about it. If I was uncertain about it, I'd still be working on it. We have the benefit design submitted and I think we're very close to finalizing every aspect of it. There was one area that we're still discussing that I expect to prevail. The pricing is a function  again, it was final designs and so I believe it's fully resolved. If it wasn't, I'd say that as well. When I say I, I think we do. Not just me. Anything you want to add, Jeff?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer: No. I think I made my comments or maybe some of the Q&A here that Arizona was the largest single component. I think California is probably up there number two, but you have to remember that also includes this substance abuse issue that we're dealing with.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Well, the substance abuse issue is in the individual business, is it not? So it's all...
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer: Yeah, it's in the California PPO, so that's part of the problem that's driving that performance.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: So in fixing the substance abuse issue if that resolves, I mean, you have to agree to be either paying the providers or changing their contracts, is that correct?
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: The contracts  then let me back up. The issue is the certificates of coverage and they are being changed for 2017. Some of them are being changed for right now and that's being reviewed by the appropriate authorities. So on a going forward basis, the behavioral issue is being dealt with with the benefit designs, so that part is 2017.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: And that's approved by the DOI in California at this point?
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: They are ruling to, yes. As far as I know  on the new  for 2017, yeah, I mean, they've not raised any issues that give us cause to believe it's not going to be approved. We are talking about how much we could change for this year, and we believe we have one position and we're negotiating that. But as relative to 2017, I believe that the issues have been dealt with DOI, and they want to see a strong play for the company's product line, competitive and so do we. So we want all the -- we like competition. We want our competitors in this product and ourselves to just have strong products. It's a big market and we'll all do very well.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Kevin Fischbeck of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America  Merrill Lynch: Hi, great. I guess just going back to the PDR, I guess a lot of times the companies can't book all of the losses into the PDR and there's some ongoing impact. Were you able to kind of isolate it all within the PDR or is your guidance include some sort of ongoing impact from the losses in those products?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer: No, no. I mean, the way we view it is it's you know the requirement is to fair value loss contracts and it's how you acquire and service the members, that the accounting term. And so we've done those analysis based on the expected performance and we've accrued the appropriate fair value of those losses.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: We think it's all in.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America  Merrill Lynch: But I guess usually what happens is if you were to sell a new product, if someone was to through a special enrollment period sign up, and you were to lose money on that patient or that member, theoretically that would be an additional loss in the core business? That wouldn't be (58:21)
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer: Maybe said another way, I mean, since we've finalized the premium deficiency reserve, that's based on an expectation, right, a forecast. So to the extent performance is different than the forecast, then yes, there would be either a positive or a negative that would go through earnings.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America  Merrill Lynch: Okay. But this $300 million or maybe call it $400 million run rate is the number as far as you think for all of those businesses?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer: Yeah. That's the number  yep, that's the number as of March 24th.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America  Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then, so it sounds to me like you're also saying that as far as 2017 goes, you would expect that number to be basically zero, the changes that you're making that you've caught all the issues, the MA issues, the Exchange issues in time to reprice, change product design and change coverage area to (59:13).
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: We will not have a PDR for those products in 2017.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America  Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then I guess just going back then to the guidance, you raised guidance by $0.20. Is the way to think about it then in your view as far as what this guidance looks like, that's really just for the 3R change and that from your perspective the core business is basically in line with what you were thinking it was going to be coming in?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer: Yes. That's the way, I would view it.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America  Merrill Lynch: Okay. All right, great. Thanks.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Dave Windley of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
David Howard Windley - Jefferies LLC: Hi. Good morning. We saw something about $1 billion of payments in California to cover hep C, do those have any impact on these other issues that we are talking about? I think they're probably completely separate, but I wanted to understand how much of that $1 billion does Centene expect to get and perhaps is that built in to your composite rate assumption, et cetera?
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Right.
Jesse N. Hunter - Executive Vice President - Products: In hep C in the Medicaid program in California, there is reimbursement from the state through a kick payment mechanism. So when we incur hep C expenses, we accrue an offsetting revenue item anticipated from the state for that kick payment. So we do expect to get our fair share of those payments but the net impact is effectively neutral and that's the intent of the program.
David Howard Windley - Jefferies LLC: Got you. And then, so you would treat those aside from your composite rate views. Is that the right way to think about that?
Jesse N. Hunter - Executive Vice President - Products: I think that's a fair way to look at it.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer: It's neutral, zero, yeah.
David Howard Windley - Jefferies LLC: Yeah. Okay. Separate question on commercial, we're estimating that you were on your commercial membership down 6% quarter-over-quarter and maybe 2% of that excluding Exchange. Could you talk about what your views are for the group commercial business in California?
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think we will give guidance for 2017 in December as it relates to the new product design and the price area we do. But our goal obviously is longer-term to grow that business and we have a strong commitment to build that commercial business.
David Howard Windley - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Ralph Giacobbe of Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thanks. Good morning. Just in terms of the Exchanges, seemingly a lot of market exits next year. Can you just maybe talk about your expectations there, is it to capture a lot more lives on the Exchange and even broaden your footprint as we think of next year and beyond?
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, that falls into guidance for 2017, which we'll give later but we're doing well in the Exchanges, we're at the high-end. So we see ourselves continuing to grow it and we'll be looking forward to talking about that in December relative to 2017.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Fair enough. And then, you didn't include the, the MLR for new versus existing business this quarter. I'm assuming that's just related to Health Net coming on and, I guess, going forward is that something that you'll include or is the base too big to do that?
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Jeff and others can add to this but the scale and size now is so large that it  with 11 million lives and pushing a $40 billion company, it becomes less material, it takes a lot to move the needle now. And we did that in early stages when it had a strong impact. Now, Jeff, it's...
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer: Yes. No, Michael is exactly right. So, just because of the growing denominator and the mix of business, it's not as meaningful as it was in the past.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Fair enough. And then just back to the PDR, just trying get a sense with the PPO piece of it, you have the substance abuse as a piece of the PPO, but I mean can you give us a sense at all I mean is that the main issue within that product or can you help us delineate sort of what is that?
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: PPO we said was a part of it, but there are product design issues that were part of it as well, where we could get to some reason some of the products to be selected against, etcetera. So we're bringing the product design in line, so that it's competitive and we build a balanced book of business across it. So it's a combination. Seldom does it  when it gets to $300 million type numbers, it's just one thing, so it's a combination. But this behavioral health thing was big part of it.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. All right. That's helpful. Last thing, just quickly in terms of I guess Arizona and the corridor commentary, I just want to reconcile that because I thought last quarter you wrote off 100% of the corridor. So maybe I'm just not thinking about it right, but in terms of the PDR on the corridor piece or am I misunderstanding that?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer: No, I think you're correct. So, effectively what we said is the risk corridor wasn't in, we did not anticipate that in our guidance. And I think what's happened is that obviously hurt the profitability as well, right, so it's been compounded by what we've seen as far as the expectations for the Arizona business on a going forward basis from March 24 to December 31. So, once effectively that flips to an underperforming contract, than the risk corridor just kind of adds on top of that, right.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. All right. Thank you.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I think I just, if I may, just summarizing it. The PDR we believe got us right for the balance of this year from the operational side of things. The intangibles was not PDR, that's accounting. So the operations things we believe we have that it's right now going forward. We believe that everything we're doing for 2017 we won't be facing these same kind of issues. So it's really a case of using the accounting that's there for that reason to get things right on this size deal. And I will emphasize again, in Medicaid there is a lot of things that are doing well, that are contributing to the top and bottom line of this company. And we continue to win RFPs. We continue to add members across all our plans. So, it's very balanced. Other questions?
Operator: Yes, we have some other questions, sir, one moment. The next question will come from Ana Gupte of Leerink Partners. Please go ahead.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: Yes, thanks, good morning. The first question, I just  to follow up yet again on the PDR and this individual book. What is the HMO MLR for Health Net? And what are you targeting for a sustainable product? I hear you on the PPO, you've taken benefit design steps and the product probably wasn't appropriately designed. But on the HMO side of it, is it (1:06:47) going okay?
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well we don't  okay, let me answer that for you, and then Jeff can jump in and others. We don't give individual product HBRs. We did talk about how the HBR is down 250 basis points, okay. We also said a lot of that's product mix out of Health Net. So, you can connect the dots and know that the balance of our businesses have strong  with Health Net and ourselves, have strong MLRs, that the issue that we had in the PPO is isolated to the PPO products in California.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: Got it. Okay, so, nothing else outside the PPO on individual. The second question was about the Medicare book on Health Net, and now that you've got two quarters of integration insight and experience, they generally ran at a higher MLR, above 90%, despite a very nice four-star rating. And you said you took some pricing actions, I believe. Is this only pricing related? Is there anything else from contracts or utilization management? And going forward, is it possible to expand the margins on that book of business, which is pretty sizeable?
Jesse N. Hunter - Executive Vice President - Products: Yeah. Ana, this is Jesse. I think the part of the  we've obviously gotten a deeper understanding of the Medicare book, and I think this question came up in the June Investor Day too, what do we see as the margins for the Medicare Advantage product on a go forward basis? And I think we continue to see the opportunity for our standard, if you will, 3% to 5% pre-tax margins for the Medicare Advantage product. So some of the dynamic that existed on a legacy basis is what I would call mix. So the proportion of the Medicare business that's in California, and there are certain, again, contracts and other things that exist within the California market that would be different as we think about the other markets that we've already indicated we'll be expanding into in 2017.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I also think that the  that's why I commented earlier that I'm glad that we'll be adding the medical management systems to some of those products that  commercial will be last part of it  but in the Medicaid, Medicare, because there's clearly going to be some real benefits from them having the analytical capabilities to improve margins through that data.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: Okay. And then what about on the group commercial side, any post mortem from that, now that you're running the book?
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sorry we can't hear you. Can you speak up a little bit, Ana?
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: The group employer commercial, as you're looking at it. I mean, that wasn't your book of business to start with, but again, any opportunities to improve the book of business, in terms of profitability and (1:09:53)
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think  once again, it will take a longer to get the medical management systems in, but as we get those in, we expect to have some minimal opportunities to improve it.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: Got it. Thanks for taking the questions.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Sarah James of Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead.
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Thank you. Can you walk us through some of the moving pieces in MLR?
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Can you speak up, Sarah? We can't hear you.
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Sure. Can you walk us through some of the moving pieces in MLR specifically? What was the two-R impact, was it solely on the med cost side or was there premium adjustments? And it doesn't sound like you took any of the reserve adjustments into the MLR, but I just want to confirm that. Then if you could quantify how much the non-repetitive leap year contributed to the Q-over-Q improvement? Thanks.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer: Yeah. So, I think you started out with first, the two Rs. I think if you  we've disclosed the pre-tax number. It's 70 basis points on a consolidated MLR. The majority of that would've been in the revenue line item versus medical expenses, more of it was associated with the risk adjustment versus the reinsurance. So  and on your second question, what was your second question?
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Just confirming that there was no flow-through of the reserve adjustments to MLR and then, how much the non-repetitive leap year contributed to the Q-over-Q improvement?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer: I guess I'm confused by your no flow-through reserve adjustments through the MLR? You mean like prior period...
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Just making sure that that  the $90 million, the $300 million, since it was purchase accounting, that there was no impact on the MLR.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer: Yeah. That's right. Those were opening balance sheet adjustments, and included in purchase accounting.
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: And the Q-over-Q impact from leap year?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer: I think we've talked historically about the quarterly impact for leap year. There's additional costs in Q1. So I mean, I think our HBR improved, but you know the biggest reason why our HBR obviously changed is just the acquisition of Health Net and the different mix in the business, right.
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Got it. Then lastly, the CDC is pushing for more aggressive use of Zika testing. Can you speak to whether or not those tests are on formulary in Florida or other relevant markets, and if not ,how does that impact claims denials if it's moved on formulary, or possibly I guess unit pricing, if that helps with negotiations of the test's price?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer: It's kind of hard to hear, what testing did you say?
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: For Zika testing.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer: Oh, Zika.
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: CDC is pushing for more aggressive Zika testing, so if you could talk to whether or not it's on the Florida formulary, and how that impacts claims denials?
Jesse N. Hunter - Executive Vice President - Products: You know that recommendation is just out, and so we are tracking that. I don't believe it is on the formulary in Florida yet, but we can get back to you on that information. But it's a very recent recommendation from CDC.
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Thank you.
Jesse N. Hunter - Executive Vice President - Products: In any case, we don't really feel this will have a very significant financial impact, though. The costs of tests are very low.
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Justin Lake of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead. Mr. Lake, your line is open at this time, please go ahead.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Thanks. Good morning.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Just appreciate taking the question this late. First on the PDR, can you identify  basically, just want to make sure I understand this. You're saying that, regardless of how this decision turns out on substance abuse, you are not essentially expected to have to even cover it for 2017.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: That's right. We believe that for 2017, the certificate of coverages have been corrected and will be approved  it's well along the way to being approved.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: So when do you expect that approval?
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Any time. I mean they've been talking about it, they understand it. It's ongoing discussions, it's kind of routine.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Rone may want to add something. So this is a routine approval that we'll be getting for the new certificate. Rone?
Kenneth Rone Baldwin - Executive Vice President-Insurance Group Business: Yeah. This is part of the normal filing process for products for 2017. And that process is not finalized at this point. So we're going through it and there's been, as Michael indicated, discussions that we feel confident that, based on the discussions, that we will have this immunized for 2017.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: This is routine, there's nothing controversial we're asking for. We're closing  I don't want to call it loopholes  some openings that the state understands, and they're not sure why they were there to begin with, in the conversations I've had. And so it's a non-risk in my mind.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And then, Jeff, as you, I know without giving too much detail, if we were at just bucket this California issue, if were to get fixed the way you're talking about just the substance abuse and the markets that you're expecting to exit in Arizona or the products you're expecting to exit in Arizona, we add those two together, how much of the $300 million would that make up?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer: Yeah. You're right, Justin. I'm not going to get in too much detail here, but I think what we've said is that all the actions we're taking and what Michael said is that we believe that's going to resolve the issues.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer: As we sit here today, right. Because if we don't resolve the issues there'd be a PDR at the end of this year and that's not what we're communicating here today.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: If we thought there was, we'd tell you that. We have a track record of saying where things stand and transparent and they tend to turn out -- and not just tend to, they do turn out that way. So a PDR, we booked it for the right reasons in the right way. We've made the adjustments going forward to benefits, pricing, withdrawing products and I want to emphasize one last point here in that we're not talking about a big broad base endemic problem across the company. We're talking about a product, basically one product in one state. We're talking about another product in Arizona, which we're exiting and taking care of it that way, so we're not talking about something that affects all the places where the systems are broken down and we haven't booked the right IBNR and all those things. We're talking about one product, one state where we have taken the action to do what we can to improve it this year, waiting for approval on that. But definitely have taken the necessary steps to fix it for next year.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: I appreciate that, I guess what I was trying to get at was again without too much detail, A couple of your peers have had somewhat similar problems in terms of specific businesses or products and they have given some detail around exits for 2017 and the market's chosen to look through them, right, which I think is correct. But without giving color it's hard to figure out how much of that goes away directly for 2017? So that's why I was asking for the color.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well give me an understanding of the color you want. We're saying that we've corrected the certificates of authority.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Right, that I get. How much are you exiting in Arizona? How much of this PDR of $300 million are you just not even going to be in the product for next year, such that we can just literally write it off which I think is what the market would like to do. Just say this is cash charge, we move forward and for 2017, we don't worry about that.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer: Yeah, it's substantially all in the Arizona piece. And I think we've talked about the Medicare piece and what's being done there and then you have the substance abuse issue primarily in California and the changes that Michael's talked about.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So we've dealt with it all. Arizona exit all the product problems there.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: So Jeff, substantially all meaning more than the more than 50% in Arizona, you will not be in that business for next year is what you're saying?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer: I would say, yes.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. That's helpful. I appreciate it, guys. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Matthew Borsch of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks for squeezing me in. I just want to understand  going back to the PDR  just want to understand the mechanics a little bit better because I'm getting questions on this, that where did you book it? It went against the balance sheet? I mean was it something that you had to offset in the second quarter earnings? I'm confused about that.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer: No it's part of the acquisition accounting, Matt. So what happens is, is you increase the reserves and the offset is really embedded in goodwill on the opening balance sheet.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay, I got that. I guess I'm trying to understand though for the PDR as it relates to I mean, anything related to prior to the acquisition date, I get it, that's against the balance sheet. It will have no impact on the P&L post March 24th. But for this $300 million, that's a PDR that you're taking related to the period of March 24th through the end of this year, so that's what I'm trying to understand. That goes against the balance sheet, does that mean that if you hadn't taken the PDR, does that mean that your earnings for that period would be by your estimate $300 million lower than what your guidance states?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer: So what I would say is that the original creation of the PDR is embedded in goodwill on March 24th and then effectively that PDR amortizes throughout the year to absorb the losses on those products that we've identified and businesses we've identified.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. So the  sorry, I mean, just the answer basically is yes to that question?
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes. So there's no income hit to us.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer: Yes.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Right. Okay. And just one last one, for the $0.19, that's all related to Centene, right? Is there any that's related to Health Net?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer: No, that's both companies, that's both Health Net and Centene combined.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs & Co.: But if that's for 2015?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer: Yeah, that's for 2015. That's correct and I would say the majority of it is Health Net related.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs & Co.: But, I guess I'm confused about that, because I would've thought isn't that for  I mean, that's for Health Net prior to the period of the acquisition close. How does that  look, it's my misunderstanding of accounting. But how does that flow through to benefit the P&L post the acquisition?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer: Yeah, because we're effectively fair valuing that item as of the date of the transaction and you have to remember that a lot of the Encounters data and Edge Service submissions don't happen until May. And ultimately we were relying on and Health Net was relying on information from the data aggregators to effectively fair value that as of the transaction date.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs & Co.: All right. Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude our question-and-answer session. I would like to hand the conference back over to Michael Neidorff for his closing remarks.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I thank everybody. I'm glad we were able to have this call today, because I think it's important we understand the PDR does not affect us on a going forward basis, and it's been dealt with and we're looking forward to continuing forward to growing results of the company. So talk to you soon.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, the conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Edmund E. Kroll - Senior Vice President-Finance & Investor Relations Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Kenneth Rone Baldwin - Executive Vice President of Insurance Group Business Unit Jesse N. Hunter - Chief Business Development Officer & Executive VP Ken Yamaguchi - Chief Medical Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Scott Fidel - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP Christine Arnold - Cowen & Co. LLC Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Andrew Schenker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC A.J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC Sarah James - Wedbush Securities, Inc. Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital, Inc. Brian Michael Wright - Sterne Agee CRT Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) David Howard Windley - Jefferies LLC Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Centene Corporation First Quarter 2016 Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ed Kroll, Senior Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Edmund E. Kroll - Senior Vice President-Finance & Investor Relations: Thank you, Emily, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on our 2016 first quarter earnings release conference call. Michael Neidorff, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Jeff Schwaneke, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Centene will host this morning's call. The call should last approximately 45 minutes and may also be accessed through our website at centene.com at the Investor Relations section. A replay will be available shortly after the call's completion also at centene.com or by dialing 877-344-7529 in the U.S. and Canada, or in other countries by dialing 412-317-0088. The playback code for both dial-ins is 10083202. Any remarks that Centene may make about future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provision under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in Centene's most recently filed Form 10-Q filed today April 26, 2016; Form 10-K, which was filed February 22, 2016 and other public SEC filings. Centene anticipates that subsequent events and developments will cause its estimates to change. While the company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Michael Neidorff. Michael?
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Ed. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining Centene's first quarter 2016 earnings call. We are very pleased to have closed the Health Net acquisition within the first quarter as projected. I would like to begin with a few comments on why the addition of Health Net is transformational. In closing the acquisition, Centene has achieved the following: further critical mass including additional product diversification within the government-sponsored healthcare space. We are a $40 billion-plus company. We are the largest Medicaid managed care organizations in the country, serving 6.7 million Medicaid members at March 31. We are the leader in three of the largest Medicaid states; California, Texas and Florida. We are the largest provider of managed long-term support services, one of the fastest-growing segments of the market. We have a 4 Star Medicare Advantage product that can be exploited to additional market. And we provide services under contracts with the U.S. Department of Defense and Veterans Affairs. This greater scale enhances the positive view of Centene nationally as well as by state and local government. It strengthens our ability to help shape sound public health care policy. In addition, it enhances our purchasing power and is beneficial from a balance sheet perspective. Centene is now clearly a large-cap company in stock. We recently joined the S&P 500 Index. This is important to us as this index is regarded as the best single gauge of large-cap U.S. equities. Additionally, it will widen our potential investor base and lead to increase liquidity of our stock. Lastly, this acquisition enhances and solidifies the sustainability of Centene's long-term growth rate. I would now like to comment on the timing of the approval process and provide an update on integration. While the regulatory process in California was lengthier than expected, it was fair and the undertakings contained no surprises. We will be making investments in certain state-affiliated investment-grade vehicles as well as in a local service center. The placement of a service center in California is consistent with Centene's local approach. We will work with the state to find a suitable location in an economically-disadvantaged area, where job creation is needed. The investments and charitable contributions associated with these undertakings have been included in our guidance and will be made over a multiple-year period. The planning portion of the integration process was largely completed prior to closing. Our integration team did extensive work to ensure a smooth and seamless combination. We were able to ground running the day of the close and the integration is proceeding as expected. Before I provide first-quarter highlights, I want to remind you that our first quarter results included only eight days of Health Net's financials as the transaction closed on March 24. Our prior guidance had assumed a March 1 close date. We have updated our 2016 guidance to reflect the latest close. This is a timing issue only and we remain confident that our previously-anticipated run rate earnings remain on track. Additionally, we have adjusted our reporting to reflect the increased scale of the business and our new product mix. We believe this provides meaningful information to investors and it will continue to evolve as we complete the Health Net integration. Turning to the first quarter financials, we are pleased with the results of the first quarter. There were many moving parts when combining the two companies, including one-time charges and prorating with timing. Total revenues increased 36% year-over-year to $7 billion. Membership at quarter end was 11.5 million, representing an increase of 7.1 million members or 162% over the first quarter of 2015. The HBR improved 110 basis points year-over-year to 88.7%. The first quarter pre-tax margin, excluding acquisition related costs, improved 30 basis points year-over-year to 3%. We reported adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.74. This compares to $0.55 in the first quarter of 2015. Jeff will provide further financial details including the updated 2016 guidance in his prepared remarks. A quick note on flu, we saw an uptick in flu during the first quarter. The flu appears to have peaked in March and overall costs were in line with our expectations. Overall, we continue to see as well as anticipate stable medical cost trends. Next market and product updates, first we will discuss recent Medicaid activities. Washing state, in April, Centene commenced operations under the Apple Foster Care contract in Washington as a sole provider for this program. The contract is performing in line with expectations and we anticipate serving over 20,000 foster children. With the addition of this contract, Centene would serve approximately 100,000 foster care beneficiaries across all of our markets. Nebraska, also in April, Centene executed a contract with Nebraska as one of the three managed care organizations to administer the state's new Heritage Health Program, which covers 230 Medicaid, CHIP and ABD enrolled. This contract is expected to commence in the first quarter of 2017. Texas, we expect the STAR Kids contract in Texas to commence in the latter part of 2016. Centene is the only managed care organization in Texas that participates in all of the state's Medicaid and Medicaid-related product lines. Next, Medicaid expansion. At March 31, we served approximately 985,000 Medicaid expansion members in nine states. This represents an increase of more than 650,000 recipients over the first quarter of 2015. This growth was primarily driven by the addition of Health Net's Medicaid expansion members. In January, the Governor of Louisiana signed an executive order to expand Medicaid coverage under the ACA. This is expected to begin in July and is now included in our updated 2016 guidance. Now Medicare & Duals, at March 31, we served over 303,000 Medicare and Dual beneficiaries. We continue to expect to launch additional Medicare Advantage plans in four Centene states in 2017. The new Medicare Advantage plans will be launched under our 4 Star banner, which will give us the benefit of incremental premium revenues. Next, Health Insurance Marketplace, Centene's exchange experience continues to be favorable and we are achieving margins at the higher end of our targeted range. Our marketplace strategy has been and continues to be focused on targeted low-income subsidized individuals, many of whom were previously Medicaid eligible. We designed our exchange solutions to be able to leverage our Medicaid platform including provider networks. In the majority of our markets, we have both Medicaid and market-based product offerings. We coined the term churn to reference those members who can retain coverage through a high-quality affordable Centene product in either Medicaid or the exchange. In the first quarter, over 90% of our exchange members were subsidy eligible. This is consistent with 2014 and 2015. Centene has maintained a disciplined approach to pricing from day one. In fact, we are in a net payable position for the 3Rs program. At March 31, we served over 680,000 exchange members across 15 states. At year-end, we expect over 550,000 exchange beneficiaries due to the normal attrition. Now, Centurion, our correctional health business continues to successfully expand. At March 31, we served 59,000 correctional members represent year-over-year growth of 38%. In April, Centurion replaced its existing one-year contract in Mississippi with a new three-year contract, which is expected to commence in July. Also in April, we began providing correctional health services in three regions in Florida. This marks Centurion's sixth state population. Finally, commercial, we ended the first quarter with over 830,000 commercial members. We are fully committed to the success of the existing business, especially in California. However, we have no plans at this time to expand into additional states. Shifting gears to our rate outlook. For Medicaid, we continue to expect a 2016 composite rate adjustment of between zero and 1%, consistent with the past three years. We have known rates for our Medicaid business representing approximately 65% of the projected 2016 member months. For Medicare Advantage, final 2017 rates were announced on April 4. These were in line with our expectations of an approximate 1% increase. In conclusion, with first quarter results we're off to a good start in 2016. We expect this momentum to continue throughout the year. We are on track with our integration of Health Net. Our synergy targets remain $75 million for the first 12 months following the close and $150 million in the second 12 months following the close. While we remain committed to long-term margin expansion, we continue to expect that 2016 pre-tax margins remain relatively flat compared to 2015 as we focus on integration. Our growth pipeline is bigger than ever with the additional products and capabilities in healthcare. We are optimistic about the future and our ability to extend Centene's leadership position in government-sponsored healthcare. As a reminder, our Investor Day is on June 17 in New York City. We look forward to seeing you then. We thank you for your continued interest in Centene. Jeff will now provide further details on our first quarter financial results. Jeff?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you, Michael, and good morning. This morning I will begin with highlighting the results for the first quarter of 2016 and then provide an update on our 2016 full-year guidance, including the acquisition of Health Net. First, I would like to highlight the effect of the Health Net transaction on the first quarter 2016 results. As previously announced, we completed the acquisition of Health Net on March 24, 2016 for a purchase price of $6 billion, including the assumption of debt. In connection with the completion of the acquisition, we incurred approximately $189 million or $0.83 per diluted share of transaction costs, which includes accelerated stock compensation and severance, investment banking fees, legal costs and the present value of a $65 million charitable donation under agreements with various regulatory agencies. Additionally, we have included eight days of Health Net activity in our first quarter of 2016 results. The eight days of activity represents approximately $350 million of revenue and had a minimal effect on our HBR, G&A ratio and adjusted diluted earnings per share. Now on to the first quarter highlights. For the first quarter, membership was 11.5 million members, an increase of 162% between years, driven by the Health Net acquisition. Total revenues were approximately $7 billion, an increase of 36% over Q1 of 2015. Diluted loss per share for the first quarter of 2016 was $0.13 and adjusted diluted earnings per share is $0.74, when excluding Health Net acquisition costs and intangible amortization compared to $0.55 on an adjusted basis last year. In more detail, total revenues grew by $1.8 billion in the first quarter, primarily as a result of expansions for new programs in many of our states in 2015, growth in the Health Insurance Marketplace business and eight days of revenue for the Health Net acquisition. Our Health Benefits Ratio was 88.7% in the first quarter this year compared to 89.8% in last year's first quarter or 88% for the fourth quarter. The 110 basis point decrease year-over-year was loss from the improvement in the overall HBR for higher-acuity membership, particularly long-term care, and growth in the Health Insurance Marketplace membership, which continues to perform well. Sequentially, the 70 basis point increase from the fourth quarter reflects a later start to the flu season, which was more fragment with the first quarter of 2016. In the first quarter, 18% of premium and service revenues came from new business compared to 23% in the first quarter of 2015. The existing business metrics for the quarter includes Health Net since the acquisition date and we expect the percentage of revenue from new business to decrease to a single-digit percentage by the end of the year due to the larger revenue base and the denominator. The Health Benefits Ratio for new business were 90.6% and 88.3% for existing business in the first quarter. The Health Insurance Marketplace product continues to perform well in 2016 with over 680,000 members at March 31. With the addition of Health Net, we continue to be in a net payable position for the risk corridor and risk adjustment components of the 3Rs. As part of our initial valuation procedures associated with the acquisition, we have reduced the book value of the Health Net risk corridor as equal to zero. Additionally, consistent with our historical accounting practice and guidance, we will not report any risk corridor receivables through 2016 benefit year. Our general and administrative expense ratio was 11.3% in the first quarter this year or 8.3% without the costs associated with the Health Net acquisition compared to 8.3% last year and 8.7% in the fourth quarter, also excluding Health Net acquisition costs. The decrease from the fourth quarter of 2015 reflects the reduction in costs related to build and enrollment period for the Health Insurance Marketplace product. During the first quarter, we incurred $0.02 per diluted share of business expansion costs compared to $0.06 in the prior year. Investment and other income was $15 million in the first quarter compared to $9 million last year and $8 million in the fourth quarter. Interest expense was $33 million for the first quarter of 2016 compared to $10 million for the first quarter last year and $11 million in the fourth quarter last year. The increase is due to the issuance of $2.4 billion of senior notes on February 11 of 2016 to fund the cash portion of the consideration for the Health Net acquisition. Consistent with what we've done in the past in matching our balance sheet exposure to short-term interest rates, on March 30, 2016, we entered into an interest rate swap agreement for a notional amount of $1.6 million, converting a substantial portion of our senior notes to the floating rate of interest at the 3-month LIBOR plus 4.36%. We reported tax expense of $17 million on a pre-tax income of $2 million for the first quarter of 2016 due to the non-deductibility of certain Health Net acquisition costs as well as the non-deductibility of the health insurer fee. GAAP diluted loss per share from continued operations for the first quarter was $0.13. Adjusted diluted earnings per share for the first quarter was $0.74. Adjusted diluted earnings per share excludes $0.83 associated with the Health Net acquisition costs and $0.04 associated with intangible amortization. Cash and investments totaled almost $8 billion at quarter end, including $139 million held by unregulated subsidiaries. We estimate our NAIC risk-based capital percentage to be in excess of 350% of the authorized control level. Debt on March 31 was $4.3 billion, including $515 million of borrowings on our revolver. Our debt to capital ratio was 44.3%, excluding our non-recourse mortgage notes compared to 34.7% in fourth quarter 2015. Our medical claim liability totaled $3.9 billion at March 31, representing 42 days in claims payable, normalizing the Health Net acquisition. During the first quarter, we made provisional estimates for the fair value of the medical claims liabilities associated with Health Net. We have not completed our fair valuation exercise and the announcement is subject to change. Any change to the provisional estimates will be reported as an adjustment to the opening balance sheet and will have no effect on net earnings. Cash flow from operations was $195 million in the first quarter compared to $45 million in the first quarter of 2015. Additionally, you will note that we have adjusted our reporting this quarter to reflect the scale of the business with new products. We believe this provides meaningful information to investors as we continue to evolve as we complete the integration of Health Net. This concludes my remarks for the first quarter results and now I would like to provide an update on our full-year guidance. We have adjusted our 2016 guidance to reflect the March 22 closing of the Health Net acquisition. We have lowered the top and bottom end of the revenue guidance by $1 billion. We lowered both ends of our adjusted diluted earnings per share guidance by $0.05 to reflect the transaction closing shifting from March 1 to March 24. Changing closing date does not have an impact on our run rate revenues or earnings. We now expect total revenues to be between $39 million and $39.8 million, which represents an increase of approximately 73% at the midpoint of our guidance range as compared to 2015. Our 2016 guidance for our Health Benefits Ratio is 87% to 87.5%, a decrease from 2015 of approximately 160 basis points at the midpoint of the guidance range. Reduction in HBR year-over-year is due to the addition of Health Net, which operates with a lower HBR due to the higher mix commercial business and growth in the Health Insurance Marketplace, which operates in lower HBR, higher G&A ratio. General and administrative expense ratio is expected to be between 9.4% and 9.9% in 2016. On an adjusted basis, and excluding acquisition costs, the G&A ratio is expected to increase by 75 basis points between years to 9% to 9.5%. This increase is due to the addition of Health Net, which operates at a higher general and administrative expense ratio due to the mix of business, offset by additional leverage associated with revenue growth and cost synergies. Other revenue and expense, interest income is forecasted to be between $90 million and $100 million and interest expense is estimated to be between $180 million and $190 million. We estimate business expansion cost of $0.25 to $0.30 in 2016. We estimate that our effective income tax rate for 2016, excluding non-controlling interest, would be 55% to 57%. A relatively high effective tax rate reflects the impact of non-deductibility of the health insurer fee and the non-deductibility of certain acquisition costs associated with the Health Net acquisition. 2016, we anticipate the health insurer fee increases to approximately $450 million. We estimate our diluted shares outstanding to be between 162.5 million and 163.5 million shares. 2016, we expect GAAP diluted earnings per share to be between $2.45 and $2.80, adjusted diluted earnings per share to be between $4 and $4.35. These amounts include Health Net and the related synergies for nine months and eight days of 2016. Adjusted diluted earnings per share excludes two items; first, the amortization of intangible assets associated with the acquisition, which we estimate to be between $0.50 and $0.55 per share; and two, Health Net acquisition-related expenses, which we estimate to be between $1 and $1.05 per diluted share. Additionally, our guidance assumes no receivables for the risk corridor program and payable for the risk adjustment program in 2016. We believe the guidance we now provided today are generally consistent with financial information in the joint proxy statement, adjusted to include only nine months and eight days of Health Net activity due to the March 22 closing. We continue to expect $75 million of net synergies in the 12 months following the closing of the transaction. We estimate our operating cash flow to be between 1.5 times to 2 times net earnings. That concludes my remarks and operator you may now open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question is from Scott Fidel of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Scott Fidel - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thanks. First question, just interested if you can give you us some insights into how the Health Net business has been performing recently, interested in sort of some of the products or markets for them that may be performing better and if there's any markets where they're seeing any headwinds relative to when you were initially anticipating the guidance? And then, just relative to the Health Net. Jeff, just wanted to clarify it was little hard to hear you, just on Health Net's risk corridor receivable, just want to clarify you did say that you wrote that down to zero, right?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. This is Jeff. I'll answer the second question first, which is, yes, we did write that down to zero and I think we'd mentioned that previously on our Investor Days that that was the anticipation of the plan.
Scott Fidel - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Scott, I think regarding your first question, I think we commented it's performing in line with our expectations. And Rone, you may want to add some comments, some more color to it, but it's against what we originally planned, is a little bit up and down. But on balance, in total, it's performing where we expected.
Kenneth Rone Baldwin - Executive Vice President of Insurance Group Business Unit: That's exactly right, Michael, in line with our expectations, in aggregate.
Scott Fidel - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. And then, just a follow-up question just on the exchange business. And first, if you could tease out what the California exchange enrollment was out of the total? And then, just talking about sort of the additional growth that you had this year, if there's any particular states where you saw that driving the growth? And then, just any early indicators on if the risk mix or the membership profile of the new growth is different than the existing HIX members that you've already added? Thanks.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I think I'll start with the back with the last question first, we're starting a pattern here. But I would say that we're seeing the mix consistent with what I described in the churn and our strategy for 2014, 2015 and now 2016 is intact. The other question relative to California, I don't have an exact number at hand, but it was a sizable chunk of the business.
Scott Fidel - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Thank you.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Chris Rigg of Susquehanna Financial. Please go ahead.
Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Just kind of a follow-up here to Scott's question on the risk corridors. Health Net, historically, there has been always sort of these perpetual concerns about their days claims payable. When we think about the medical claims liability at this point, were there any other sort of reconciling adjustments at close to the reserves or do you feel comfortable where they were at on March 24?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, Chris, this is Jeff. In my prepared remarks, I mentioned relatively all the fair valuation exercise related to the Health Net balance sheet, it remains open and really just due to the timing of the closing being relatively close to the end of the quarter. So, what I indicated was that we've made provisional estimates for all these things and we would expect that there is potential for true-up in the second quarter as we complete our fair valuation exercise.
Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: And that would not run through the income statement or it would just be a one-time item that you would spike out?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: No, that would not run through the income statement. Those effectively go back to the day-one opening balance sheet that we would've acquired. So, those would be balance sheet-only adjustments.
Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Okay. Great. And then, just a more forward-looking question. Obviously, you still have the four companies involved in the big M&A transactions right now, obviously, speculation about divestitures there. Are you guys interested at all in potentially being a potential divestee for Medicare Advantage assets or do you think you're going to go at it organically at this point? Thanks.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think there's a couple of elements; one, we do not participate in any processes or auctions or whatever you call it today. So, to the extent that is, we're out of that. Two, the controlling issue, and particularly in the Medicare-related business, will be the network. If they have a network that's not in our sweet spot, which is at the lower socioeconomic level, then we won't have any interest in it. So, we have so much organic opportunity. I mean, our pipeline is very robust. We're not really of a mind that we need that to meet our growth targets. If it's there and it makes sense, we do it.
Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question is from Christine Arnold of Cowen. Please go ahead.
Christine Arnold - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hi there. I know the regs were just out last night and they're voluminous. Do you guys have any first-blush takeaway, positive or negative? And can you give us a sense for potential large contracts on the RFP radar screen? Is Louisiana still on track for July 1 and where does Alabama stands?
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. I'll agree with you on your first statement. It was voluminous and it did come out late last night. We did have a quick review of it. We see nothing that's troublesome to the Medicaid business and we're comfortable with what we've seen. We'll continue to evaluate it and if there's something different we will try to let people know through healthcare conferences and things. But right now, it seems just fine. Your second question was?
Christine Arnold - Cowen & Co. LLC: A sense for potential large contracts? Is Louisiana still on track by 1, and where does Alabama stand? Is there anything else we should be seeing on our radar screen?
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Louisiana, we believe, is on track for July 1, and Rone, I think, Alabama is on track for...
Kenneth Rone Baldwin - Executive Vice President of Insurance Group Business Unit: Yes, Alabama is on track for the fourth quarter this year.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: For the fourth quarter this year. And then there's other ones we're obviously waiting to hear like others  I mean it's been public that we're one of the people that bid on Pennsylvania. So, we expect to hear about that momentarily and that would probably be a first quarter start. So, there's a lot out there.
Christine Arnold - Cowen & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Kevin Fischbeck of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks. I just wanted to ask you about the exchanges. Obviously, you've got United looking to exit a number of exchanges and some of them, they're your biggest competitor at the local level. Just wanted to see what you thought or if you were at all concerned about the potential to take in some of that membership when you've got some of your competitors leaving?
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think United  and I've a lot of respect for Steve Hemsley and his people and what they do and their approach to things. But they're in a different market than we are, from what I can see. They lost a lot of individuals at ACA and they're at the higher end in the platinum and the gold. To the extent that they have a membership that would fit within our model, sure, we'd take them on. But I'm not anticipating a large gain from that either, just because of the differences.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And are you looking at entering more state exchanges for 2017?
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Right now, that's under evaluation and based on the results we've had to date, we would continue to do it. Obviously, it works where we have our Medicaid. I think I commented in my prepared remarks that it works well where we have a strong Medicaid product, because it  we get the term we coined, churn, in and out of Medicaid. So yes, we would do that where those factors are in place.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And I think you said that you're going to enter four states for Medicare next year.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Any color on discussions  potential discussions with provider networks and things like that, how that's progressing?
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, obviously, we believe it's going well. And once again, in many conferences I've commented it's a $700 billion category, of which 65% is at 400% of the Federal poverty level and lower. And that's our sweet spot and that's where our networks are now. And so, to the extent  and that's why when people ask about some things that others may have to give up, we question the network that they serve. But we think we have in place a network that that population prefers to use and we'll just expand it, very candidly, when you're in Medicare, you have more orthopedic surgeons and other things that affect more the elderly population. And so, we are filling that out as appropriate and we have a strong team doing it.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right. Great. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Peter Costa of Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks for the question. You're no longer spiking out loss ratios by segment. Can you give us a feeling for how those loss ratios may have progressed this year or this quarter? And then, in particular, the Medicare  I'm sorry the Medicaid expansion business, what's going on in the rate environment there?
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Jeff, do you want to make some comments?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. I think the Medicaid expansion business has been relatively consistent. I think, as you're aware, there's minimum MLR rebate payables in a lot of our states. So, the HBR year-over-year has been very consistent. I think in my prepared remarks, we mentioned improvement in the complex care HBR year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter. That was really driven by what I'd say the long-term care and some of that in the duals product as well.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. And in terms of what we spike out and how we do it, I think we also commented that's going to have to evolve because with the eight days of Health Net added in, it changed the mix dramatically. And yet, there was not a lot of time to take that approach and feel comfortable that we're giving you the kind of information that made sense at that point. So, we will continue to work on it. And I think we've always looked for transparency where we had confidence and we're providing sound information.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks. And in terms of  this is a follow-up, the specialty services business seemed to be a little bit under pressure relative to the way it's been the last year. Can you talk about what's going on there and what you expect going forward?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. So, if you're looking at this service revenue line, the decrease is really due to a lower volume in our Specialty Pharmacy, specifically related to hepatitis C and I think that's probably a general industry trend there. And then, we did have the loss of a co-op customer in our Pharmacy Services business.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Jesse, anything you want to add to that?
Jesse N. Hunter - Chief Business Development Officer & Executive VP: No. I think that's right. I mean those are  I think as Jeff referenced on the Specialty Pharmacy front, there's some more macro trends with respect to that particular therapy and then just a one-off customer-specific item that was in the one-time category.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Andy Schenker of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Andrew Schenker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks. Just following up real quick on the services line there, I mean, when should we see Health Net volumes flow through the various components within that? Are there some contractual obligations limiting your ability to kind of roll through some of maybe the pharmacy or the behavioral services into their book? So, how should we see that play out there?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, I mean, I think what you'll see is if you take Centene's 2015 service revenue and roughly layer in the government services business for Health Net, then that would be kind of close to what we would expect for 2016, obviously, prorating for the nine months and eight days.
Andrew Schenker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Right. But then going forward, is there  how should we think about the longer-term upside opportunity as well?
Jesse N. Hunter - Chief Business Development Officer & Executive VP: Yeah. I think the part of the issue  or Andy, this is Jesse Hunter. So, part of the issue is how that will be reported. So, you have some internal versus external. So, to the extent that you're talking about the integration, if you will, of specialty services, that is  comments there are consistent with what we talked about separately. There is very much a plan to in-source what we can in terms of the specialty services. That will happen over the course of time in a way that we feel like those things can be done efficiently and effectively. But that won't necessarily flow through the kind of the line item on the P&L that you're referencing.
Andrew Schenker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks. And then you called out the investment and expansion costs of $0.25 to $0.30, a little hard to hear on the call, but it sounded like there was only $0.02 in the quarter. So, if you can maybe talk about how those costs ramp through the year? I assume there's some pretty heavy investments in the end of the year for Nebraska. But anything else we should think about around seasonality of those cost items?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. I think you're right. It's probably weighted more towards the end of the year, specifically with Alabama and Nebraska.
Andrew Schenker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And then, just one quick modeling question as well. Run rate interest expense given the timing of the debt issuance and the corridor and the swaps, I mean, what should we be thinking about for the run rate interest expense going forward?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. I think I gave you the  I mean, it's kind of challenging to tell you that, because a lot of our interest expense now is based on a floating rate of interest, right. So, I think I gave you the components, the $2.4 billion, obviously, the coupons we issued, the $1.6 billion is at LIBOR plus 4.3%, but it would be north of $200 million on an annualized basis.
Andrew Schenker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from A.J. Rice of UBS. Please go ahead.
A.J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks. Hi, everybody. Maybe one granular question and then one big-picture one. In the Q1 cost trend, obviously, your MLR year-to-year improved nicely, as a lot of the Managed Care companies and providers, for that matter, are calling out leap year and Easter. And you said that flu was in line with your expectation. How about those two dynamics and how much of an impact did they have? Do they offset each other in your view? Any comments there?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. This is Jeff. I mean, I think the way we always look at leap year is just it's an extra day of medical costs when we do our forecasting when we put our budget together. I think Easter may have had a slightly favorable impact to that. But the way we really forecasted it was just we include an extra day of medical costs in the quarter.
A.J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC: Okay.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: So, again, I think the improvement that you're seeing is reference to the complex care and additionally the growth in the Medicaid expansion obviously  excuse me, the Health Insurance Marketplace products, right, and they carry a lot lower HBR than our average.
A.J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC: Sure. Sure. Then maybe a bigger picture, there's a lot of  there's moving parts this year, even more than usual. There's always a lot of opportunities and some challenges. I wonder, if you look at the guidance that you now are blessing and reiterating with the exception of the three-and-a-half-week delay on the deal, would you point to one or two things that look like might be the  if you end up beating the estimates, coming ahead of the estimates, that those would be the likely sources of potential upside? And is there one or two things that are the challenges you face as you look out at the rest of the year?
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think if we saw something that was certainly one sided I think we would adjust the guidance in line with that. So, there's no one thing that we can call out. And Jeff can add if he wishes. The only thing I'd call out that's a positive or a negative. But as I've talked about historically, we have a size and a scale that with 24, 25 states growing the number, 260 different contracts within those states, at any given time, you'll have one contract in a state that's an issue and you will have a couple that are offsetting it. So, it's the security and stability of diversification. So, that's what makes it so hard to call out any one particular thing, because I'd like to think there's no one issue that can have a total deleterious effect on the whole company. Hope that helps.
A.J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. All right. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question is from Sarah James of Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead.
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Thank you. I wanted to circle back to the exchange risk mix. It looks like in the Q, risk adjusters were up about 120% versus the combined Centene-Health Net at year end and at 680,000 enrollment, I was getting up about 36% from the 500,000 range you previously talked about. So, I'm just trying to understand the delta there between the degree to which risk adjusters went up versus the degree which enrollment went up?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, this is Jeff. I mean I think you're correct. Risk adjustment, the liability payable did increase during the quarter. I would say that is a function of  I mean we're seeing the same kind of member demographics that we've seen consistently. And as you're aware, we've been in a risk adjustment payable for the last two years. So, adding additional member volume has really just increased that risk adjustment payable.
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: I guess I'm  the degree of difference between the enrollment change in the adjuster balance was just surprising. One of your peers this quarter had talked about their risk mix deteriorating. So, I just wanted to make sure there wasn't any sign of that.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, that may be their  that's their issue. I think in our comment I said that we saw our performance at the high end of our range. So, our experience is contrary to that. You would have to ask them why their performance is so different from ours.
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Sure. Absolutely. And then I know it's early days on it, but as Zika tends to progress to South Florida, are you noticing any increased demand for OB visits or ER and how is the dialog going with the state on how to address those additional costs?
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Ken, do you want to comment on the...
Ken Yamaguchi - Chief Medical Officer & Executive Vice President: Well, to-date, there has only been just symptomatic flu-type cases of Zika. There has not really been a case of the catastrophic consequences except for one in Hawaii. We're tracking that. The projections of Zika are really unpredictable based on Latin American experience. But we are optimistic that the government's position or file chief's position that the burden, the disease burden on the United States should be very small is probably very accurate. And the cost of testing or visits should be relatively minimal.
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Josh Raskin of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi, thanks. Good morning. Just a quick...
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital, Inc.: ...clarification or two. Thanks, Michael. Just the Health Net merger cost went up about $0.30. I know it's excluded from your adjusted earnings. But is that just the charitable contribution or was there something else in there?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, Josh. The primary driver was the present value of the charitable contribution and there was some shifting of, I would say, stock compensation, severance, really spending over the quarters versus all one-time. But the charitables are the most significant item.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. And then what was the Health Net membership change on sort of a sequential basis, if you can just look at what Health Net membership did?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, Josh, I don't think we're going to get into too much of that. I'd say it's relatively flat. But again, we're not really going to start separating the Health Net and Centene business on a going-forward basis.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I think, I mean we made a very conscious decision last year that at this point now it's all Centene and we'll just reported it as a consolidated Centene business as trying to compare one from the other. I mean, I just look at the total and it's all headed the right way.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. I just wanted a starting point, but that's fine. And then, just lastly on the Medicare expansion, I know you guys talked about the four new markets. What does success look like? What sort of critical mass do you need? Or should we think of this as existing Medicaid market, so infrastructure may be more in place, you don't necessarily have to see a big ramp in membership to make those plans successful next year?
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I think the infrastructure, of course, is in place. And the advantage we have is that we have very strong decentralized plans that, if you will, to coin a word, our local CEOs and their teams know how to indiginitize product in their market, because you don't just take something from California and parachute it in, right. So, there's that aspect of it. I think the thing that we're cognizant of and thinking about is there's a different acquisition costs in Medicare products, some of us have done historically understand. So, it will not take a gigantic, significant amount of critical mass to start to see it provide some margin to us. But I expect in the first few quarters to have some expense that will not necessarily be fully offset by the revenue. And that's something we'll get more into at year end when we have the specifics and give guidance on 2017, as we always do.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And Michael, what's  so then, just on that, what's the network strategy? I assume you'll need to augment your networks for different providers in the Medicare business versus Medicaid and I'm curious what your thought is on rates. Are you paying off a Medicare Fee Schedule or do you think you can look something more like Medicaid?
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think it will be a combination depending on the particular services. And we're going to  as I said earlier, I think you're going find  you're going to have more orthopedic surgeons type. You're going to have gerontologists. You're going to have certain  you may have more of rheumatologists, those things. And some of those sub-specialties, I expect the rates will be higher than the Medicaid level, because we're not using that much in Medicaid. We're not driving the volume there. So, it's a matter of just being very surgical as we demonstrated before. But the primary care will be our current network and we'll adjust the rate as we see appropriate as we do now with the exchange versus Medicaid. But it's all in line with providing adequate, equitable reimbursement and protecting our margin.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Perfect. Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Brian Wright of Sterne Agee. Please go ahead.
Brian Michael Wright - Sterne Agee CRT: Thanks. Good morning.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Brian Michael Wright - Sterne Agee CRT: Could you give us an update on kind of adjusted scripts on a  annually on a combined basis and maybe how that compared to before the transaction?
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Scripts?
Brian Michael Wright - Sterne Agee CRT: Yeah?
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: As I said, we're kind of looking at it as a total business now. And to try and break that out, it probably takes more time and energy for any benefit from our running the business.
Brian Michael Wright - Sterne Agee CRT: Is that thought of as an area in the synergies category or is there any opportunity in their?
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure, there's synergy. Jesse, why don't you...?
Jesse N. Hunter - Chief Business Development Officer & Executive VP: Yeah, Brian, this is Jesse. So, definitely, as we referenced before, pharmacy is a meaningful part of the overall synergy story. So, the additional volume from the combined business is part of that. But we're not going to go down the path of breaking out specific script volume in conjunction with that.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I mean, I might add, Brian. I've said in various investor conferences, we're now purchasing $5 billion in pharmaceutical. So, you're going to get the benefit of that kind of scale. In my script, I commented on the purchasing power this company now has as a $40 billion company versus a $22 billion company.
Brian Michael Wright - Sterne Agee CRT: Great. Great. And if I could just have one detailed follow-up, with the new exchange members, do those go into the existing MLR or new business MLR? Just how does that break out?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, we include those in existing. I think our definition of new and existing was a significant  a geographical or product expansion. So, these are really in existing states. And so, we count that as organic growth and it's in the existing business.
Brian Michael Wright - Sterne Agee CRT: Great. Thank you so much.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Ralph Giacobbe of Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thanks. Good morning. Just want to circle back on the risk corridor. Is the write off, the $214 million, previously on the Health Net books or has that number changed?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Well, obviously, there had been  it changed, because there is activity between the December balance sheet and when we acquired the company on March 24. So, I'm not going to get into the exact number, but...
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. And then, I mean, maybe can you help us with the timing at least in terms of when you get visibility from the government, because you wrote it down to zero, if you get anything back. I mean I know last year it was 13%. Can you help us with timing? Does that ultimately run through the P&L, if you get anything back?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. I guess, the question is if we get something back, and yes it ultimately would. I mean, our requirement under accounting standards is to fair value that receivable as of the date of acquisition, using information as of the date of the acquisition. So, that's what we did. Again, these are all provisional estimates. We haven't finalized that. But that's what we did and that would be our view.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Fair enough. And then, looks like you had a fairly big increase in the return of premium payable on the balance sheet. I think it went up to about $579 million, it had been running at a couple hundred million. Is that just the addition of sort of Health Net? And is that all rebate dollars? And does that just reflect sort California coming on and the rebate back from the Medicaid expansion?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, yeah, that's  you're correct. It is the addition of Health Net. I think if you look at Health Net's 10-K, they've disclosed it over the last couple of years they've had increases in the MLR rebate payable in the California business, specifically related to the Medicaid expansion. So, that's all driven by that amount. I think the dollar amount of that rebate is somewhere north of $400 million on rebates for the Medicaid expansion business for Health Net in California.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Dave Windley of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
David Howard Windley - Jefferies LLC: Hi. Thanks. Jeff, on your provisional estimates, and you referenced that you've also taken a look at medical claims reserves on the Health Net side and made some provisional estimates there. Would be willing to add some color to that directionally, magnitude, anything like that, that would help us there? I'm thinking about that in the context of the combined days claims payable dropping by a couple of days?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. No, I'm not going to get into any specifics. Again, I think the most important piece is that really with the timing of the acquisition, we've made what I would call high-level estimates and we haven't completed the analysis. And we look to complete the bulk of that analysis in the second quarter. Again, the accounting requirement's to make sure that we have those reserves at fair value as of the acquisition date. So, I mean, realistically, we should only be responsible for eight days of March, right. So, that's the work that we're looking to complete in the second quarter.
David Howard Windley - Jefferies LLC: But you're responsible for liabilities that predate the acquisition, right, because you're buying their liabilities too?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: That's exactly right. But we fair value those. We have not completed our analysis on those yet. And any adjustment to the opening balance sheet, again, would be a balance sheet-only adjustment.
David Howard Windley - Jefferies LLC: Yeah. Okay. Okay. So, separate question. On the synergy commentary, Michael, you referenced the $75 million, we're familiar with that number. I think the way that was presented originally was it was $75 million for each year in addition to or over and above any savings that Health Net had previously expected to achieve through their Cognizant deal. So, I know you're expecting to get both buckets. What about the pace of achievement of the Cognizant-related savings that they're no longer Cognizant-related, but are those kind of pro rata with your synergy achievement or are they on the old schedule or how should we think about that?
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I think it's all there, it's pro rata. I mean, if you look at our guidance, it's been consistent. We're realizing it as we expected it. And you know we  Mark is familiar with all of it, having come in as CIO and just working through it and it's where we expected to be and it's pro rata and it's just as we have reported previously.
David Howard Windley - Jefferies LLC: Okay.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: We're achieving what we want.
David Howard Windley - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Great. Last question, what are your expectations around reduction of debt to cap over time? What's your target and by what timeframe?
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Jeff, we've talked about it.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. I think we previously commented that we're looking to get our debt to capital ratio into the high-30%  mid-to high 30% range in the next 18 months to 24 months. I think that still continues to be the plan.
David Howard Windley - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Great.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: And we started off with a little higher midpoint because of the stock price, but we'll still get there.
David Howard Windley - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Ana Gupte of Leerink Partners. Please go ahead.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: Yeah. Thanks for fitting me in this morning. The first question's, again, on the regulatory framework for the managed Medicaid Federal MLR floor, trying to get some clarity on is this going to again be on a blended basis across the expansion in TANF lives with long-term support services, ABD and so on? And in essence, does it become a tailwind for you as you kind of cross subsidize this or does that come out of the final reg? It wasn't clear to me and does that differ by state?
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: You probably had  we've had our board meetings and our committee meetings and things taking place last night and today. You probably had a little  I mean, I'm not trying to be smart about it, but you've probably had more time to look at it than we had to this point. And I just had our Washington office give us a quick summary that they see nothing deleterious to our operation and no surprises. And that's the extent I have right now until the team moves past the next day or so and then can really dig into it.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: Got it. Okay. Understood, we'll look forward to an update. Another regulatory question sort of, I guess, in 2017 I completely understand that you with the 250% sort of roughly limit on the exchanges are more profitable than those that are seeking to be more than Medicaid Plus. But next year when reinsurance goes away and then United's exiting from multiple states, might there be pressure as they're pooling the risk with you on your risk adjusters? And do you foresee margin compression in states that are...?
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I think if you look at  on the risk adjusting, we feel we're the net payer in our states. So, it really does not have an impact as in the same sense that somebody that has the receivable.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: But would it be a net payable to a larger degree, if you will, next year because the margins for the Aetnas and the Anthems of the world, and the Blues, will be even worse, I would imagine, unless they get a huge amount of price increase. Even if so, they may not get...?
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. I guess maybe I'm not following the question 100%, but I mean if our acuity goes up, our payable on risk adjustment would go down. So, if that's what you're trying to state.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: No, I was more saying that risk adjusters will be pooled  though you are profitable and maybe they are not, it's a pooled program as I understand. So, if they're in worst acuity, even though you may get better acuity, might your payable be meaningfully higher than it is in 2016? Because if they raise prices a lot, healthier people could fall off and their risk gets worse, if you will. So, I'm just wondering what happens there.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Rone?
Kenneth Rone Baldwin - Executive Vice President of Insurance Group Business Unit: Well, I think we price for the estimated risk pool in the state and we try to be careful about looking at the changes that are going to happen from one year to the next with respect to that risk pool. And I think we've had a pretty good track record with respect to being able to do that to this point. I think that if they raise their prices some of the healthier members we would hope would accrue to us with respect to that. And again, we try to carefully look at the dynamics of how that would affect the actual risk adjustment amount that we might have to reflect related to our acuity, including how the risk adjuster pool works in each state. And I think that we've reflected what we think is an accurate view of the dynamics for 2017. Just back to another comment you mentioned that the reinsurance program is going away in 2017 and that is certainly something that will need to be reflected in our pricing in 2017 and something that we're very mindful of.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: Thanks so much. Appreciate squeezing me in.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Matthew Borsch of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yes. Thank you for squeezing me in. I had a question on the  I know you don't want to break it out, but when you're starting with this Health Net  large book of Health Net ACA exchange membership, is it profitable now and was it profitable when you exclude the risk corridor from that business or do you have to do something to get it to profitability? And what level of profitability is that, because I assume it's somewhat less than what Centene has realized?
Kenneth Rone Baldwin - Executive Vice President of Insurance Group Business Unit: Yeah. So, this is Rone Baldwin. In aggregate, the exchange business at Centene  excuse me, at Health Net has been profitable. The one area of challenge with respect to the exchange business at Health Net has been Arizona. And Health Net did take actions with respect to this open enrollment period to make changes in the product lineup and the pricing for Arizona to be able to get that back on track. But California, they pursue a strategy very similar to Centene's strategy in terms of tailored narrow networks with a focus on the subsidized population. And that's worked well for them and they're seeing results in line with what we've seen on the exchanges. And this does  this is a view that also takes into account the risk corridor and with respect to not booking any receivables for it going forward.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. And then just one more, if I could. As you think about California moving ahead, how do you think, what's going to be the key growth driver in that market? Given the Medicaid expansion has already happened, the exchange take-up has been fairly robust, where do you grow in that market?
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think there's  it will still be very balanced growth. There's probably 4 million lives unidentified  undocumented as well as unidentified Medicaid lives, plus all the categories that are there that will provide growth, this ongoing exchange business, we continue to increase penetration. So, it's what you see against all our markets with other new products and things that we do over time. And I'm not going to tip my hand to the competition what I have in mind, but we have thought and expect it to grow consistent with our rates of growth.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up from Christine Arnold of Cowen. Please go ahead.
Christine Arnold - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hey, and thank you again. I have a quick follow-up on the tax rate in 2017. You've referenced before changes to the compensation tax rate and then there has also been a new FASB rule, how should we be thinking about the tax rate in 2017, obviously, excluding HIF, like an ex-HIF tax rate, 2016 to 2017? Thanks.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. I'm not going to get into 2017 tax rate guidance. We're a little early for that. But I will tell you, and we've have quoted this number before, that the HIF is roughly over 10% to our tax rate. So, that will be  obviously get you somewhere in the 40% range, but that's all I'd say at this point.
Christine Arnold - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Michael Neidorff for any closing remarks.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: All right. Thank you all. I think  I would hope you've got the sense that the integration is going very well. It's at or ahead of schedule, that the teams are working well together, that the business is where we expect it to be and want it to be. And we look forward to giving you in-person report at our June conference in New York. So, have a good second quarter along with us. Thanks.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-09 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Ed Kroll - SVP of Finance and IR Michael Neidorff - Chairman and CEO Bill Scheffel - EVP and CFO Jeff Schwaneke - Chief Accounting Officer Jesse Hunter - Chief Business Development Officer
Analysts: Scott Fidel - Credit Suisse Chris Rigg - Susquehanna A.J. Rice - UBS Joshua Raskin - Barclays Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America Dave Windley - Jefferies Peter Costa - Wells Fargo Securities Andy Schenker - Morgan Stanley Steve Halper - FBR Ralph Giacobbe - Citi Ana Gupte - Leerink Partners
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Centene Corporation 2015 Fourth Quarter and Full Year Results Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ed Kroll, Senior Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Ed Kroll: Thank you, Emily, and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us on our 2015 fourth quarter and full year earnings results conference call. Michael Neidorff, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Bill Scheffel, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Centene will host this morning's call. The call should last approximately 45 minutes and may also be accessed through our Web site at centene.com. A replay will be available shortly after the call's completion also at centene.com or by dialing 877-344-7529 in the U.S. and Canada, or in other countries by dialing 412-317-0088. The playback number for both dial-ins is 10078696. Any remarks that Centene may make about future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provision under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in Centene's most recently filed Form 10-K from February 23, 2015, and 10-Q from dated, October 27, 2015. Centene's registration statement on Form S-4 relating to the proposed Health Net transaction dated September 21, 2015, and in other public SEC filings. Centene anticipates that subsequent events and developments will cause its estimates to change. While the company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. As a reminder, our next Investor Day is June 17, in New York City. And with that, Id like to turn the call over to our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Michael Neidorff. Michael?
Michael Neidorff: Thank you, Ed. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining Centenes fourth quarter, and full year 2015 earnings call. I would like to begin with an update on the status of the Health Net acquisition. We have made significant progress towards completing this transaction. We have received all necessarily approvals with the exception of California, which remains pending. On January 22, Centene participated in a public hearing with the California Department of Insurance [ph]. We believe the meeting was informative and there were no surprises. It was conducted in a professional and respectful manner, a report of what has been a fair sale process. We continue to work through the process with the Department of Insurance and the Department of Managed Healthcare, and are finalizing our mutual agreement. We remain confident of the first quarter growth. We have slightly adjusted our 2016 guidance to reflect to March 1 closing date for Health Net. Jeff will provide further details on this. I would like to take a moment to remind you of the rationale behind the Health Net acquisition. It is a significant set in our strategy to build critical mass and expertise within the government-sponsored healthcare category. When the deal closes, Centene will be a $40 billion-plus company. We will be the largest Medicaid-managed care organization in the country and the leader in managed long-term support services. The addition of Health Nets Medicare Advantage platform, including its four star rating creates numerous opportunities within our existing markets, which we estimate to be in excess of $150 million. Health Net will increase our marketplace presence to 15 states, with total membership of approximately 500,000 individuals. There are significant opportunities to deploy Centene specialty solutions across the Health Net platform. Health Net has been an innovator in value-based provider contracting and risk sharing [indiscernible]. Finally, the deal is 20% accretive in adjusted EPS in the first year following the close [ph]. The planning portion of Centenes comprehensive integration process is now largely completed. We have reorganized our management team to facilitate collaboration and efficiency. We will be ready to hit the ground running to begin executing a plan on the day it closes. Now shifting to fourth quarter and full year 2015 highlights; Centene ended 2015 in a strong balance and secure structural and financial position. What do I mean by this? Several months ago, when I questioned a single contractor, [indiscernible] Bill Scheffel, our CFO for the next few days, commented, we are an aircraft carrier, and you dont throw aircraft carriers off course very easily. Today, we are in 23 states, soon to be 24 with Nebraska. In these 23 states we have 231 separate solutions, which our products could contract. This diversity provides strength and stability. In other words, if one product in one state has an issue, rate, something of that nature, there are more than enough offsets. Many of you will recognize that this has been our strategy from the beginning. Clearly 2015 was a banner year for Centene. Our long-term growth strategy is intact. We continue to execute against our pipeline, as evidenced by recent wins in Florida and Nebraska. We added over 1 million members, representing growth of 26%, with 5.1 million beneficiaries. Premium and service revenues increased 36% year-over-year, to $21.3 billion. [Indiscernible] the HBR improved 40 basis points year-over-year, to 88.9%. We reported diluted earnings per share of $2.89, or $3.03 when excluding $0.14 of Health Net merger-related expenses. This compares to $2.23 reported for full year 2014. The pretax margin excluding merger costs improved to 3.4%, from 2.9% in 2014 and 2.6% in 2013. We remain committed to margin and future margin expansion, with the targeted range of 3% to 5%. Bill will provide further financial details in his prepared remarks. A quick note on flu; current indicators point to a slower start to the 2015-2016 flu season, it is however still too early to draw an absolute conclusion. Overall, we continue to see, as well as anticipate stable medical cost trend. Next, market and product updates. First we will discuss recent Medicaid activity. Nebraska, we were pleased to be selected last week as one of three managed care organizations to administer Nebraskas Heritage Health program. Heritage Health is the new healthcare delivery system that combines the states current physical health, behavioral health, and pharmacy program into a single comprehensive and coordinated system. This program covers 230 Medicaid and CHIP enrollees. Centene will operate statewide in Nebraska, which marks our 24th state of operations. The contract is expected to commence on January 1, 2017, and we expect a normal margin ramp. This entry point will provide future opportunities in the state, such as long-term therapy. Arizona, the fourth quarter was our first full quarter providing services under the expanded contract for Arizonas newly formed southern region. Membership in Arizona doubled over the third quarter of 2015. At December 31, we served approximately 441,000 beneficiaries in the state. Mississippi; Mississippi became a $1 billion market for Centene in 2015. In December, we began managing inpatient services for Medicaid and ABD members in the state. We ended the year with 302,000 lives. This compares to 109,000 at the end of 2014. Louisiana; Louisiana also became a $1 billion market in 2015. During the year we executed a successful acquisition and integration in the state. We more than doubled our at-risk memberships to 382,000 lives. In December we further expanded our Louisiana contract to begin including behavioral health benefits. The carve-in of additional benefits to Mississippi and Louisiana is consistent with Centenes holistic approach to provide integrated care for its members. Oregon, the fourth quarter marked the first full quarter of operations for our Trillium subsidiary, which provides Medicaid, Medicare Advantage, and marketplace services to Oregon residents. Membership at year end was approximately 100,000. While it is still early, Trillium is performing in line with our expectation. Now on to Dual Eligible, we ended the fourth quarter with 26,300 members across our five dual demonstration contracts. We continue to work with our state provides and CMS to make these programs successful and sustainable. I remind you that we have always taken the view that the dual demonstration programs would not be a significant near-term growth driver for Centene. Next, Medicaid expansion, we ended 2015 with almost 450,000 Medicaid expansion members, more than double of what was at the end of 2014. In January, the government of Louisiana signed an executive order to expand Medicaid coverage under ACA by July 1 of 2016. This represents a future growth opportunity for Centene, given our status as the largest Medicaid health brand in the state. We have not yet included the Louisiana expansion in our 2016 financial guidance. We will provide an update when additional information becomes available. Health Insurance Marketplace, our exchange experience continues to be favorable; 92% of our membership is subsidy eligible. And we are achieving margins within our targeted range. We have taken a disciplined approach to pricing from day one. In fact, the aggregate in each of Centenes states reflected a payable position for both 2014 and 2015 for the Three Rs program. This approach has allowed us to grow profitably from 75,000 members in nine states in 2014 to over 146,000 in 12 states in 2015. Please note, we have not been impacted by special enrollment period. For 2016, we expanded into a 13th state, New Hampshire. We have also increased our geographic footprint in certain of our other 12 states. Enrollment so far in 2016 is in line or ahead of expectations. The demographics of these new members are consistent with previous years, and over 90% [indiscernible]. Our pricing and underwriting is also in line with prior years, and we are not reliant on risk corridors. Centurion, we continue to successfully expand our correctional health business. Last week, Centurion reached a formal agreement with the Florida Department of Corrections to provide comprehensive healthcare services to over 70,000 inmates through the three regions. The contract was awarded through an accelerated GAAP procurement, the restructures, as a cost-plus arrangement, with a maximum $267 million in annual revenue. Centurion was the only awardee. This contract is expected to commence in the second quarter of 2016, and runs through January of 2018. Shifting gears, our rate outlook; the 2015 composite rate adjustment was approximately 1%, in line with our expectations. Composite rate adjustment had been consistent for the past few years. We expect a similar composite rate readjustment in 2016. In conclusion, our strong 2015 results reaffirm our growth momentum for 2016, and beyond. As we begin this New Year we are in a good place, both financially and strategically. With the additional products and capabilities Health Net provides, our growth pipeline is bigger than ever. We are well-positioned to gain market share in the government-sponsored healthcare space, the fastest growing category in the industry. Thank you for your interest in Centene. Before I turn the call over to Bill, I want to thank him for his years of dedicated service. As previously announced, he will be retiring at the end of the month after the K is filed. We will now witness part of that turnover. Bill will cover 2015 information, and Jeff will pick up and report information relative to 2016. Bill, I turn it over to you.
Bill Scheffel: Thank you, Michael, and good morning everyone. This morning we will cover both our fourth quarter and full year 2015 results. For the fourth quarter, premium and service revenues were 5.9 billion, an increase of 33% over the fourth quarter of 2014. And diluted earnings per share, excluding Health Net merger costs were $0.95, compared to $0.87 last year. And as you will recall, last years fourth quarter included a $0.24 benefit from reporting the health insurer fee reimbursement for Texas for all of 2014 in the fourth quarter. Looking at the full year for 2015, membership was 5.1 million members, an increase of 26% between years. Premium and service revenues were 21.3 billion, an increase of 36%. Earnings from operations were 705 million, an increase of 52%; and diluted earnings per share excluding Health Net merger costs was $3.03, an increase of 36% between years, and well above our most recent guidance numbers, of $2.90 to $2.94. In more detail, premium and service revenues grew by 1.4 billion in the fourth quarter year-over-year, primarily as a result of expansion or new programs in many of our states. During the fourth quarter [technical difficulty] included some newly added revenue in several areas. We began an expanded contract in the Southern region of Arizona on October 1 [technical difficulty] Louisiana beginning December 1. The inpatient services were added in Mississippi beginning December 1. And the fourth quarter included a full quarter of operations in Oregon relating to our acquisition [technical difficulty]. We also benefited from the addition of almost 250,000 more Medicaid Expansion members at this year end over the last year. During 2015, we recognized $344 million in revenue associated with the health insurer fee, compared to 195 million in 2014. For both years the recorded, there was virtually all of the health insurer fee on a grossed up basis for [technical difficulty]. Our health benefit ratio was 88.0% in the fourth quarter this year, compared to 89.3% in the last years fourth quarter, and 89.0% in the third quarter. The 130 basis point decrease year-over-year results from improvement in the overall HBR for higher acuity membership, particularly long-term care, premium increases and adjustments, and a milder flu season in the fourth quarter of this year. Sequentially, the 100 basis point improvement in the third quarter reflects rate increases and adjustments received during the third and fourth quarter. For the fourth quarter, 20% of premium and service revenues came from new business, compared to 30% in the fourth quarter of 2014. The health benefits ratio for new business was 88.2%, and existing business was 88.0% in the fourth quarter. Both of which are decreases of 120 basis points between years. The Health Insurance Marketplace product has performed well for us in 2014, and 2015, reflecting our disciplined strategy [technical difficulty] subsidized members familiar with our provider network. This same methodology and process is used for 2016 as well. Similar to last year end, we continue to be in a payable position with the risk corridor and risk adjustments [technical difficulty]. We also have a payable at year end recorded with the minimum loss ratio for the Health Insurance Marketplace business. For the 2014 plan year, we have settled the Three R amounts and paid the rebates related to the minimum loss ratio. Our general and administrative ratio was 8.8% in Q4 of this year, 8.7% without Health Net merger costs, compared to 8.2% last year, and 8.2% in the [technical difficulty] quarter, also [technical difficulty]. The increase in the fourth quarter of this year bought year-over-year and sequentially reflect a higher level of seasonal cause related to the open enrollment period where the marketplace exchanged process, and higher amounts of renewable compensation process. Excluding Health Net merger [technical difficulty] third and fourth quarters at $0.23 [technical difficulty]. Investment and other income was 8 million for the fourth quarter, compared to 10 million last year and 8 million in the third quarter. [Technical difficulty] 11 million this year, compared to 10 million last year and $11 million in the third quarter. Our effective income tax rate was 48.4% in the fourth quarter, and 48.6% through all of 2015, the relatively high rate [technical difficulty]. Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations in the fourth quarter were $0.91 [technical difficulty] excluding the Health Net merger. For the full year 2015, our EPS was $2.89 or $3.03, excluding [technical difficulty]. Cash in investment totaled almost $4 billion at year end, [technical difficulty] 78 million held by unregulated [technical difficulty]. Our risk-based capital percentage continues to be [technical difficulty]. Debt by December 31 was 1.2 billion, including 225 million of borrowings on our revolver. Our debt to capital ratio was 34.7%, excluding our non-recourse mortgage note compared to [technical difficulty] last year. Medical claims liabilities totaled $2.3 billion at December 31 and represent [technical difficulty]. Cash flow from operations was 201 million in the fourth quarter and 668 million for the full year. Both amounts to approximately 1.8 times net earnings [technical difficulty] our expected range of 1.5 to 2.4 times net earnings. Now for 2016, Jeff Schwaneke will discuss the 2016 guidance.
Jeff Schwaneke: Thank you, Bill, and good morning. I would like to spend a few minutes to discuss our combined guidance for 2016. In our press release this morning, reporting our full year results for 2015 we have also included our 2016 annual guidance. The guidance has been adjusted for the following items; first, we have changed our assumption with respect to the closing date of the Health Net transaction. We're now assuming the transaction closes on March 1. While this does not impact our run rate revenues or earnings, it does change the number of months in Health Net we're able to include in the consolidated financial statements for 2016. As mentioned in our December Investor Day, one month of Health Net revenue is approximately $1.3 billion. The March 1 closing date is an assumption we have made for guidance purposes, and the transaction remains subject to regulatory approval in California. The actual closing date of the Health Net transaction will determine the number of months and days of Health Net results that will be included in our consolidated financial statements for 2016. Second, we recently announced the pricing of 2.4 billion of senior unsecured debt in connection with the Health Net transaction and have updated our assumptions with respect to interest expense. Consistent with what we have done in the past in matching our balance sheet exposure to short-term interest rates, we intend to swap up to approximately $1.6 billion of the senior debt to a floating rate of interest at transaction closing. Since we have entered into the interest rate swap agreements, the ultimate interest rate of the transaction financing will continue to fluctuate. Third, we have adjusted our range on Health Net merger-related expenses, which will continue to change until closing and have reduced the guidance range for the amortization of intangible asset associated with acquisitions by one month to reflect the assumed March 1 closing date. And finally we have updated our guidance to include the recent contract award for Centurion in Florida. As a result of all these items for 2016, our combined guidance is as follows; total revenues of $40 billion to $40.8 billion, GAAP diluted earnings per share of $2.80 to $3.15, adjusted diluted earnings per share of $4.05 to $4.40. Adjusted diluted earnings per share excludes the amortization of intangible assets associated with acquisitions, which we estimate to be between $0.50 and $0.55 per share, and Health Net related merger expenses, which we estimate to be between $0.70 and $0.75 per diluted share with both items reflecting the revised closing date assumption. We have adjusted the bottom-end of our diluted earnings per share range to reflect the one month delay and the assumed closing date of the Health Net transaction. For 2016, we expect approximately 45% of our annual adjusted diluted earnings per share we earned in the first half of the year, and we expect the first quarter to be lower than the second quarter, due to seasonality of the business, the extra day from leap year, and only including one month of Health Net in our consolidated results for the first quarter. Additionally, our guidance assumes no receivables for the risk corridor program and a payable for the risk adjustment program in 2016. We will provide further details on our 2016 guidance after regulatory approval, and the closing of the Health Net transaction. This concludes our remarks. Operator, you may now open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Scott Fidel of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Scott Fidel: Thanks. Good morning. First question just is on Nebraska and just interested first what type of start-up expenses the guidance may assume now for this year ahead of that. And then secondly, just if you can talk about how you feel the initial rates are looking for this program? I know its a mature managed care market already, but obviously theyre moving more to an integrated benefit now. So interested how you feel about the rates.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, this is Jeff. I can cover the -- the start-up costs are in our current guidance. And as far as the second question, was on rates?
Scott Fidel: Thats right.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes.
Jesse Hunter: Yes, Scott. This is Jesse Hunter. I think as you mentioned, Nebraskas got the experience with existing Medicaid managed care players. I think when you take that, plus the benefits of the integrated services that you referenced, particularly on behavioral and pharmacy, we think theres been a very prudent process with good visibility on rate setting, actuarial soundness and the like. So we feel, you know, theres always some question mark when you go into these things. But we are not looking at this as a negative rate kind of entry point. We think theres good visibility on the path to achieving our target margins in Nebraska.
Scott Fidel: Okay. Then I just had a follow-up question, just heard when listening to the California hearing that Steve Sell from Health Net is going to be running the California business after the merger. So it sounds like you guys have made some decisions around the management team at this point. Just interested if theres any updates on any other decisions there, particularly as it relates to some of the senior management from Health Net? Just sort of interested with Jay Gellert and with Jim Woys, for example, whether its been determined what their role would be post the merger?
Michael Neidorff: I think we have set up the structure, and [indiscernible] has done a good job getting it all laid out with the team, and as I said in my comments, it's in place to hit the ground running. Well be working with Jim on a consulting basis as appropriate, and Jay, were in conversations with, but there wont be any active participation in the new company. It would be in a consulting role for both of them [ph].
Scott Fidel: Okay, thanks.
Michael Neidorff: Thats if there is a consulting
Scott Fidel: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Chris Rigg of Susquehanna. Please go ahead.
Chris Rigg: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Just to come back to Health Net quickly, I know during the hearing your counsel had sort of proposed if you met the last remaining document requests that the insurance commissioner might close the record as of the 29 -- 29 of January. Has the record been closed at this point?
Michael Neidorff: Chris, as I understand it, its still open. Theyre reviewing all the documents they have. And they just want to make sure they have what they need before they close it, but weve had no additional requests since then. Were discussing the agreements that well have between the two of us. The lawyers are [technical difficulty]. Its moving along. And as you probably saw, if you watched the hearing, it was a very professional, well-conducted hearing.
Chris Rigg: Yes, I know. I seems like everything went pretty smoothly. Its just, at least to me, I dont pay attention to a lot of these things but
Michael Neidorff: We got -- we heard no testimony that was not anticipated.
Chris Rigg: Yes, I guess Im just trying -- if youre looking at a March -- again my understanding as of the date, once he closes the record that starts the 30-day clock. So if were already
Michael Neidorff: [Technical difficulty] he doesnt have to wait 30 days.
Chris Rigg: Okay.
Michael Neidorff: [Technical difficulty] with the agreements weve reached he can [indiscernible] approved at any point he wishes.
Chris Rigg: Okay, great. And then just can you help us -- and this is sort of the follow-up on the previous question, with regard to just insuring it. What is the incremental revenue from that contract and the guidance relative to the offset from the timing delay of Health Net?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, I think Michael had quoted the number in his script as far as what the annual revenue is. Yes, its over 267 million, and I think the start date is in Q2.
Chris Rigg: Okay, great. Thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Our next question is from A.J. Rice of UBS. Please go ahead.
A.J. Rice: Thanks. So first all I just wanted to ask on the service revenue. I saw that its declined sequentially from 480 [ph] million in third quarter to 442. Is that just seasonality or is there anything else going on there?
Jesse Hunter: I would say thats primarily seasonality, and a lot of that's going to be based on Hep C.
A.J. Rice: Okay. And then the comments on the financing around the Health Net deal, I wasnt a 100% clear. Is that the rates that you were able to attain in the marketplace? Were they consistent with what you had anticipated? And is your guidance based on current debt thats outstanding, or are you factoring in those swap transactions, which I guess would probably lower the rate flip into the floating rate, and maybe I should confirm that as well.
Jesse Hunter: Yes, youre correct. So obviously weve already priced the debt. And I think what Im saying today is that we are anticipating swapping up to a 1.6 billion to a floating rate of interest consistent with what weve done in the past. Our current guidance does assume some blending form of the coupon plus the benefit of the swaps. Obviously we wouldnt execute the swap transactions if they werent beneficial. So I would say right now we believe we have a relatively conservative assumption based on where the spreads are on the swaps today.
A.J. Rice: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question is from Joshua Raskin of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Joshua Raskin: Hi, thanks. Good morning. Just wanted to see if there was any seasonality around the Health Net earnings, just taking the low end down by just $0.5, maybe some of that's offset by the Centurion win as well, but if it does get delayed a little bit longer, past March 1, should we think about earnings coming in kind of ratably through the year for Health Net or is there some seasonality that we should be aware of?
Jeff Schwaneke: No, Josh. This is Jeff. I mean, as you are aware, not all months are created equal. So Im not going to get into the details on a month-by-month basis of Health Net. However I would say, when you shift out an entire month of the transaction, theres a lot of things that play into that, amortization, share count on the diluted shares outstanding, et cetera. So I think we had a lot of puts and takes. And when you add it all together we feel comfortable with our guidance range where it is now.
Joshua Raskin: Okay. And then just a second question. You guys have talked about this Medicare platform from Health Net as a new platform to expand Medicare into your markets. And it hadnt really been a growth business; they lost another 5%, maybe 20,000-plus lives according to the CMS data in January. So Im just curious what gives you confidence that that becomes a growth platform. That you can kind of turn it around, and what exactly are you acquiring that gives you comfort that youre going to be able to become a larger MA player?
Michael Neidorff: I think, one, weve indicated were going to enter methodically, carefully, and this will probably -- three new markets in January, next year. Were not saying which ones for obvious competitive reasons. I think that the big difference is that weve done -- some of us have done Medicare before, and they understand it, but they have some systems and capabilities. They have the four stars, which does give you a premium benefit with the first two years, 5%. And I think the major difference, Josh, is that theres a corporation now that has the commitment to build the systems and capabilities to continue to grow and expand the MA, versus someone -- a company that was in a different mode, and in the middle of outsourcing a lot of things before the acquisition. Its almost a mentality thing, as much as anything. Theres very capable people there that are excited about what this opportunity working with us means.
Joshua Raskin: Okay. Okay, thats helpful, Michael. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Kevin Fischbeck of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Kevin Fischbeck: Great, thanks. I just wanted to follow back up with the services question. When you say that Hep C was down, is that something that -- is something that we should expect to continue in 2016, or is there just something seasonally or economy-wise about that in Q4?
Bill Scheffel: Well, I think on Hep C weve seen a little bit of plateauing that has occurred. And I think with some of the changing guidelines in the future, that may ramp up again. But right now I think what youre seeing, our 2015 results is more of a plateauing.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay, so is that what youre assuming in 2016 or youre assuming that ramp now spike up?
Bill Scheffel: We dont have any significant ramp up in 2016 in our initial guidance and plan.
Michael Neidorff: I think you know weve been by our abundance of [technical difficulty].
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. And then if you could just provide a little more color I guess on the Q4 [indiscernible] I guess -- you meant to kind of impact [indiscernible] in Q3 and Q4 to MLR. Can you just go through what exactly that was?
Bill Scheffel: Sure. If you look at the quarter-over-quarter, we improved 130 basis points. And for us that was the largest item dealt with the improvement in higher acuity membership, particularly long-term care, where we see probably both -- medical management techniques that weve applied, and rates over the year. Weve also had the premium increases and adjustments that we received between year-over-year, particularly in some of our larger states. And then flu season was much lower this year than last year.
Kevin Fischbeck: Then I guess just the premium adjustments. So was there something out of period or unusual in the quarter? [Indiscernible] something like that whether it was just a normal rate update?
Bill Scheffel: Its a combination of both. We get rate increases in three of our largest states in the second half of the year, with Georgia on July 1, and Florida and Texas on September 1. And then theres also risk adjustments that are made periodically by the states. And those can be somewhat lumpy at times, as when those are actually provided to us. So the combination of all those things gave us the overall rate and improvement.
Michael Neidorff: I think also -- I think one of the important elements is that we look at, and youve seen it -- and weve talked about it historically. How over a course of a year the medical loss ratio and health benefit ratio normalize. And it was the significant aspects of that with the higher acuity population [technical difficulty] you expect some improvements in operations.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. And then just last question. On the exchanges, it seems like some of the companies have had I guess unusual Q4 results as you kind of true up through the year end either a positive or negative. Anything go on there as far as free [ph] articles or trend that you would highlight into Q4 versus your expectations for first three quarters?
Michael Neidorff: Ill start. [Indiscernible] but I view that as an accounting issue. And I think our team here has, of whether it be refunds to states or any aspect of it, understands wholly the business, and accrues the appropriate amounts on an ongoing basis. And thats what the Board and myself expect of them. And so those kind of surprises are few and far between.
Bill Scheffel: Yes, I agree. The product has performed very steadily for us, and well over the last two years. And there was nothing in the fourth quarter that really was a significant adjustment that changed anything of any consequence.
Kevin Fischbeck: Great, thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Dave Windley of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Dave Windley: Hi, a follow-up to that last one. In terms of your comments in the prepared remarks about, I think you said enrollment in the individual business was in-line to maybe slightly better than what your early expectations were. Can you confirm that? And then what are your expectations for margin performance in the individual business baked into your guidance? Thanks.
Michael Neidorff: I think we commented that, one, the growth is in line with what we expected. And you have the initial enrollment, and those that actually paid the premium were good. So thats coming in as we would expect it to. And on margins, we continue to price it. And it continues to perform in line fully with our margins. As I said, we have not priced this profit [indiscernible] prices with a great deal of dependency on the PRs and hence we've had a payable when you safely look at those aspects on a [indiscernible] basis within the state. We see no reason why thats going to change. We've maintained the same approach, we have the subsidy population, we commented in the script that the profile of the individual goals are the same and so its a matter of -- we're in the risk business and it's called managing the risk.
Dave Windley: And so, Michael, those expectations are 3% or -- what is your level of expectation?
Michael Neidorff: We have the -- 3%.
Dave Windley: And then my follow-up would be just around guidance assumptions.
Michael Neidorff: Let's say 3.2% to 3.5% to be more accurate.
Dave Windley: I appreciate the precision. In terms of comments on flu, are you assuming in the early part of '16 that you'll maybe making a conservative assumption about flu clinical catching up and then what are your assumptions for the end of 2016 and flu season in the fourth quarter of '16?
Michael Neidorff: I think we see some indications of [technical difficulty] at this point in time. That's why I said it's too early to say that it's going to be no flu season at all this year. We've seen the flu season come early; we've seen them come late. I would say on fourth quarter, and Jeff can confirm this, but we have looked the normal flu range that we do as we did in every quarter. And if not the high-end or the low-end, it's what we reasonably expected.
Dave Windley: Very good, thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Peter Costa of Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Peter Costa: First off, let me tell you, thanks and congratulations Bill, you did a great job for us and for Centene, and good luck Jeff going forward. And I get to my question which is really about reserves for the company and days in claims payables. What do you expect days in claims payables to do this year given all the moving parts with sort of what's new business and help that coming on board? What should we be expecting to see in the days claims payable end?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, this is Jeff. I mean as far as on a combined basis with Health Net we haven't given out anything on that as far as Centene is concerned. I think we have a range from the 40, you know, low 40s to mid-40s, I'd still expect to be in that range. I don't see anything unusual happening there. I think the biggest thing that impacts that is that how fast we receive claims and the EDI rate that we have, and we have continued to see an increase in the EDI rate. And so over time you would expect that to reduce your days in claims payable, but nothing significant that I would expect.
Bill Scheffel: I said probably in many presentations [technical difficulty]. We are averaging 98 plus percent, 98.6% payment and [indiscernible]. We have 99% accuracy within the payment of those things. So you put all those kinds of factors together, it gives you a high degree of confidence in your like tables, and those factors -- I think the greatest impact as Jeff highlighted will [indiscernible] some investors. Thats the variable, and when you have a constant on the other end of it that says you don't have to measure as many different views -- date received methodology. So if things [indiscernible].
Peter Costa: Should we expect any sort of the slowdown as you bring on the Health Net systems and then [indiscernible] on to your servers?
Michael Neidorff: Well, we have stated that we are going to be very methodical in bringing answers to routine. Too many times when people try to do it quickly and they feel the twist and [indiscernible]. We stated that we anticipate it's going to take two years to fully integrate all systems. They are in the middle of a lot of outsourcing. Thats all coming back in. They have a lot of people offshore that will be coming back. So there's lot of different aspects. So it's anticipated couple of years, and well keep you informed as
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. Again, the most significant component of time on days in claims payable is how long it takes from the date of service to when we receive the claims. And thats the majority of the time as Michael mentioned how fast we actually process those payments once we receive the claim.
Peter Costa: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question is from Andy Schenker of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Andy Schenker: Thanks, good morning. So in the past when you provide guidance you've called out kind of an investment and expansion cause. I mean given the new programs and expansion to share, excluding Health Net, maybe how should we think about investment costs in either ideally absolute terms or at least relative to 2015 and how should we think about that trend going forward? Thanks.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, this is Jeff. I mean we haven't -- were in this spot here where we are kind of waiting for the Health Net transaction to close here. So we haven't gotten into those details. I think once the transaction closes well provide all of the normal, I would say, guidance information including tax rates, shares outstanding, start-up costs etcetera, etcetera, but right now were just in a position where as you've seen we went from February to March 1, we are just in a position where we really have to wait until closing.
Andy Schenker: Okay. Switching gears, so Dual, obviously never been meaningful for Centene and definitely been a slightly disappointing program here but given concerns around the program, are you seeing any changes from the state around renewed interest and maybe independent or separate long-term support services programs, or do you think any potential growth in that RFE pipeline, you talked about LTSS as a separate [indiscernible] thing?
Michael Neidorff: I've had some discussions with [indiscernible], some of the needs they have to do to reduce the system enrollment [indiscernible] population. We're doing a little better or higher, I think we are -- last time I looked, it was 30% versus 50% in some other states, but I think the states recognize this and it's just a matter of what they have on their plate and their willingness and ability to do that.
Jesse Hunter: Yes, just on the second part of that, Andy, we have seen the momentum really is around states looking at the other LTSS programs for Managed long-term care as kind of an extension, if you will, of the dual demo program. So you're not seeing a lot of new dual demo programs coming up, but you are seeing a meaningful amount of momentum on Managed long-term care contracts, either embedded within kind of existing states or RFEs that would be specific for that set of services.
Andy Schenker: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Halper of FBR. Please go ahead.
Steve Halper: Yes, hi good morning. Any update on the disk drive issue?
Michael Neidorff: Yes. So let me [technical difficulty] is really a data issue in our Phase 2 with no inclusion or no hacking [technical difficulty]. It was very important. If we continue down the process with continued look at it, we continue to apply an abundance of conservatism and transparency source. Clearly to this point we have seen no hint or any indication of any inappropriate user's data, and well continue the discharge and looking to see if we have 22,000 -- and you're looking for sixth, thats -- we dont exactly know when we're doing that. Historically, again just -- that we would check. So there is no update beyond that, but it's -- as I said, were following through, were notifying everybody and importantly see if this data was an incredibly drop form. We're using it to line up the safe laboratory and other data. So it's not a very usable thing. We really have to have a lot of our systems we get to, but once again, as soon as see something that could be a issue, our policy is to get it out.
Steve Halper: Right. So, just to confirm from your understanding, there's been no inappropriate use of any of the data that would have been on these strives?
Michael Neidorff: No. Absolutely no hints even
Steve Halper: Okay. Thank you very much.
Michael Neidorff: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Ralph Giacobbe of Citi. Please go ahead.
Ralph Giacobbe: Thanks. Good morning. I just want to go back to the exchanges real quick, I certainly understand that -- I guess the enrollment numbers are coming in line with your expectation. Can you give us what those numbers are in terms of where you are at right now through open enrollment? And then second piece is just the renewal percentage, like so, of the exchange book last year, can you give us a sense of what percentage
Michael Neidorff: Roughly my memory is that [indiscernible] was around 600,000, but that doesnt include those that have paid and [technical difficulty] for those numbers. So we expected probably the 75% or something of -- what has shown in indication is always the [indiscernible].
Ralph Giacobbe: Sorry I missed that. Did you say 600, so 146 up to 600,000 and then you think maybe 75% stay?
Michael Neidorff: Maybe they were about 400 or so, 500 or so
Bill Scheffel: Yes. Again thats about the number for the peak point enrollment. I think it's important to know that the enrollments peaks and then continues to reduce down through the year. We anticipate that experience, so your 146 is the low point of the year in terms of comparison in terms of that.
Jesse Hunter: Yes, this is Jesse, I would just add to that, Michael mentioned these comments in his prepared remarks; the growth that we are seeing is in the states where we have had longstanding participation in the market place. We are known in those products and we've seen the demographics, consistent approach that we have taken in terms of discipline or networks and pricing etcetera, and the demographics for those peak memberships that Michael referenced is wholesale in line with what we have seen over the past two years.
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay, and then the 146 from last year, do you have a renewal process like the most of those renew as the renewal rate is high?
Bill Scheffel: The renewal rate is very high, so we did see most of our people -- reasonable number renewal like we expected.
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay, and then just one more, can you maybe help frame the opportunity from Louisiana expanding Medicaid. I think you mentioned it isnt in guidance, so just wondering sort of the opportunity there maybe reminders of cost trend and MLR within the states that already have expanded Medicaid. I think in the past you've suggested that MLR actually runs lower than average within the Medicaid expansion population. Should we expect the same from Louisiana? Thanks.
Bill Scheffel: MLRs are slightly lower for the Medicaid expansion population than our overall average MLR, given the lower -- slightly lower acuity of the population. So that would be kind of in line with our expectations. And then the total program size is about -- expected to be 250,000 members. That could grow over time and there are five managed care organizations in Louisiana. So those are the rough dimensions for the opportunity.
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay. Thats helpful thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Ana Gupte of Leerink Partners. Please go ahead.
Ana Gupte: Yes. Thanks for taking the question. Good morning. The first question is on the guidance, so you might have said a little bit of this yesterday, but since one of your contracts -- just on a standalone basis, what are you modeling in the guidance for your presenting loss ratio consolidated across your fixed growth, expansion growth, and any rate changes and then within the [indiscernible]?
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. This is Jeff. You're a little hard to hear there, but you know, I think as I commented in our Investor Day, we're not going to give standalone guidance for Centene. So we'll have to get into that on a combined basis once the transaction closes.
Ana Gupte: So specifically then I guess if I don't get the overall number for a directional trend, when you said start-up costs, are you modeling in a like a PDR type thing for this new correctional contract in Nebraska and all from '16 losses in two year guidance, so you don't really see that as an accounting practice that you will adopt?
Michael Neidorff: [Technical difficulty] business and we tend to avoid going to businesses where there is a PDR before you see your first
Bill Scheffel: The only thing I would add is that when we prepare our budgets and operating plans, we assume were going to win business and have new plans coming in every year. So when we said for example in the fourth quarter we've included the start-up cost for something like Nebraska thats because we are always anticipating a certain level of those business expansion costs.
Ana Gupte: Okay. So no PDR, but expansion costs. And then finally just, you know, looking at some of the news flow which major [indiscernible] risks, but with what's going on in Kentucky with the new Governor, and Iowa with the Democratic Senate and all, do you think about any potential downside risks on rates and expansion states? California for Health Net and anything else you're doing, where might you see any
Michael Neidorff: We have really great actuaries [ph]. We will not sign a contract that we dont think is adequate. We looked at it. We recognized that it may not be profitable from day one, so we have to have service ability and I can tell you it is [indiscernible].
Ana Gupte: Thanks.
Michael Neidorff: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Matthew Borsch of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Matthew Borsch: Yes. Hi, good morning. Sorry if you covered this already, but can you just comment on your outlook for the California Duals program. I realized that's not under your umbrella yet, but it will be soon. And it's been -- the program has been held up politically, I'm just wondering what type of opportunity you see there and how you think it might unfold?
Michael Neidorff: It was important. [Indiscernible] no way at any time [technical difficulty] as we look to the dual product for any of our growth, we recognized it was a very slow, difficult process the way it was structured with the opt-out, et cetera, and for that reason we have said from the beginning that it's just not something that we put our [indiscernible]. We are doing enough. I think we said it at the Investor Day [technical difficulty]. We're doing enough to demonstrate that we're ready to do it, and do it well. So when we are working with the state issues that affect the offset, so that when a new city decides to do something about it, we are in a strong position. And beyond that, I have no great expectations that it's not going to make any state or [indiscernible].
Matthew Borsch: Just philosophically, do you think the dual program can work on an opt-out basis, or do you think we're going to have to get to a point where you put one program in as opposed to running two concurrently?
Michael Neidorff: I think you are going to have to [indiscernible] dramatic changes to minimize the opt-out. There always will be some, but you can't have 50% opt-out and have any continuity affairs. That has changed.
Matthew Borsch: Okay, thank you.
Michael Neidorff: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Michael Neidorff for any closing remarks.
Michael Neidorff: Thank you. I want to thank you all for your interest, comments, and I look forward to another very strong year. I hope Jeff will be giving the same kind of reports that Bill has. So, thank you everybody, have a good day.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-27 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Edmund E. Kroll - Senior Vice President-Finance & Investor Relations Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer William N. Scheffel - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP Jesse N. Hunter - Chief Business Development Officer & Executive VP Kenneth Rone Baldwin - Senior Executive/President/COO-Life Insurance/Health/Financial Services Ken Yamaguchi - Chief Medical Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Inc. Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Brian Michael Wright - Sterne Agee CRT Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch David Anthony Styblo - Jefferies LLC Andrew Schenker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Michael J. Baker - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) A.J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Centene Corporation Third Quarter 2015 Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ed Kroll, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Edmund E. Kroll - Senior Vice President-Finance & Investor Relations: Thank you, Emily, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on our third quarter 2015 earnings call. Michael Neidorff, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Bill Scheffel, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Centene, will host this morning's call. The call should last approximately 45 minutes and may also be accessed through our website at centene.com. A replay will be available shortly after the call's completion also at centene.com or by dialing 877-344-7529 in the U.S. and Canada, or in other countries by dialing 412-317-0088. The playback access number for both of those dial-ins is 10073458. Any remarks that Centene may make about future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provision under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in Centene's most recently filed Form 10-Q dated today, October 27, 2015, in Centene's registration statement on Form S-4 related to the proposed Health Net transaction dated September 21, 2015, and in other public SEC filings. Centene anticipates that subsequent events and developments will cause its estimates to change. While the company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. As a reminder, our next Investor Day is Friday, December 18, in New York City, please mark your calendars. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Michael Neidorff. Michael?
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Ed. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining Centene's third quarter 2015 earnings call. Before I discuss details of our third quarter results, I would like to provide an update on Centene's pending acquisition of Health Net. We are making significant progress towards completing this transaction. On August 12, we announced early termination of the waiting period required under Hart-Scott-Rodino, after just three weeks, clearing a key antitrust hurdle. Second, on September 21, our definitive joint proxy statement became effective. Third, regulators in New Jersey, Texas and the Cayman Islands have approved or not objected to this transaction. Fourth, most recently, on October 23, shareholders of both Centene and Health Net voted overwhelmingly to approve the merger. Approximately 99% of Centene's shares voted were in favor. We appreciate the mandate of our investors, as they recognize the value of this transaction. Lastly, state approvals are still pending in Arizona, California and Oregon. State filings are essentially complete. Integration planning is underway and moving according to our schedule. While the transaction remains subject to the satisfaction of the remaining conditions, we continue to expect to close the deal in early 2016. Health Net employees are fully engaged in the process and look forward to being part of the combined company. We believe this transaction best positions Centene for a continued growth in 2017 and beyond. Uniting Centene and Health Net will create a leading platform to service government sponsored healthcare programs. We will be the largest Medicaid managed care organization in the country. We believe that the addition of Health Net's Medicare expertise creates significant opportunity across our existing markets. Their Medicare Advantage focus is on low-income seniors, which is complementary to Centene's strategy of providing high-quality affordable healthcare to Medicaid, uninsured and underinsured populations. Over 65% of Medicare eligible individuals are at or below 400% of the federal poverty level. The low-income Medicare opportunity across Centene's existing markets is in excess of $150 billion. Additionally, approximately 78% of Health Net's Medicare Advantage members are in four-star rated plans, indicative of their commitment to quality. Medicare star ratings are increasingly important to maximize reimbursement and enrollment growth. Centene has recently achieved three stars or better on its Special Needs Plan. We are encouraged that this is not easily attained in the special needs population. Furthermore, we are pleased to add additional product capability in the commercial and federal service lines business. We believe these offerings are complementary and complement our goal of providing high-quality, low-cost health solutions. Finally, today's call is about Centene's third-quarter results and outlook. I ask that you please limit your questions to third-quarter results, for which I thank you in advance. Now on to third quarter financial highlights. We are pleased to report another strong quarterly performance. We added over 930,000 members compared to the third quarter of 2014. This represented a 24% increase to 4.8 million beneficiaries. Third quarter premium and service revenues grew 31% year-over-year to $5.5 billion. The HBR improved 70 basis points year-over-year to 89%. This is primarily attributable to significant growth in Centene's beneficiaries enrolled in Medicaid expansion programs. At September 30, we served approximately 443,000 members enrolled in Medicaid expansion programs, representing year-over-year increase of about 250,000 members. Bill will provide further HBR details, including new and existing business mix. Importantly, we continue to see, as well as anticipate, overall stable medical cost trends. We reported third quarter diluted earnings per share of $0.75, or $0.84 when excluding $0.09 of cost related to the Health Net acquisition. This compares to $0.67 reported in the third quarter of 2014, or $0.61 when excluding the $0.08 impact of health insurer fees, $0.03 of transaction costs, and income tax benefit of $0.17 related to prior periods. Recognizing our commitment to margin improvement, the third quarter pre-tax margins, excluding merger-related expenses, increased 50 basis points year-over-year to 3.6%. The 3.1% pre-tax margin in the third quarter of 2014 excludes transaction costs and adjusted for the impact of the health insurer. Our full-year 2015 guidance reflects higher margins compared to 2014. Next, market and product update. First, we will discuss recent Medicaid activities. Indiana, during the third quarter, the auto assignment process commenced with the state's Hoosier Care Connect program. At September 30, we served approximately 20,000 ABD members in Indiana, adding 16,000 over the second quarter of 2015. Mississippi; an anticipated expansion of Tenet beneficiaries resulted in significant membership growth in the third quarter in Mississippi. We added more than 32,000 members over the second quarter of 2015. This is on top of the 100,000 we added in the second quarter. We will begin managing inpatient services in Mississippi starting in December of 2015. Florida; on October 1 we commenced operations under a new statewide contract with the Florida Healthy Kids Corporation, managing healthcare services for children ages five to 18 in all 11 regions of the state. This full-pay program is for children who do not have access to a parent or guardian's employer health coverage and do not qualify for Florida's Medicaid or a subsidy. Though it is still early, the contract is proceeding as planned and we expect to serve 15,000 members to 20,000 members in this program. Arizona; also in October of 2015, Centene's behavioral health subsidiary, Cenpatico Integrated Care, in partnership with the University of Arizona Health Plan, began providing services under an expanded contract for the state's newly-formed southern region. While it is still early, this contract is ramping as expected. We anticipate more than doubling our membership to over 400,000 lives. Washington; in August Centene was selected by the state of Washington to serve children in foster care and adopted service programs or support programs under the Apple Health Foster Care contract. Centene is the sole statewide provider for this program. We anticipate serving over 20,000 foster care members under this new contract, which is expected to commence in early 2016. Oregon; in September we completed the acquisition of Agate Resources, Inc., which we will be operating through Agate's Trillium subsidiary, which provides Medicaid, Medicare Advantage and marketplace services to Oregon residents. At September 30, we served approximately 100,000 beneficiaries in this state. The entry into Oregon marks Centene's 23rd state. Georgia; also in September, Centene's Georgia subsidiary, Peach State Health Plan, successfully reprocured its Medicaid contract. We are pleased to have been selected to continue providing healthcare services to Medicaid recipients in Georgia. The new contract is expected to start on July 1, 2016. Texas; in October 2015 Centene's Texas subsidiary, Superior HealthPlan, was awarded a contract by the state to serve STAR Kids Medicaid recipients in seven delivery areas, more than any other successful bidder. This new program will be the first Medicaid managed care program specifically serving youth aged 20 and younger who receive disability-related Medicaid benefits. The addition of STAR Kids makes Centene the only managed care organization in Texas to participate in all of the state's Medicaid product lines. This contract is expected to commence in the second half of 2016. Moving on to the Duals. At September 30 we served 27,900 members across our dual demonstration contracts in Illinois, Ohio, South Carolina, Texas and Michigan. This represents an increase of 8,200 members over the second quarter of 2015. The dual demonstration projects are in the early stages. We continue to work with our state providers and CMS to make these programs successful and sustainable. I remind you that we have always taken the view that dual demonstration programs would not be a significant near-term growth driver for Centene. Shifting gears, our rate outlook. We now have visibility on all our 2015 rates and continue to project a 2015 composite rate adjustment of flat to 1%. In conclusion, Centene's fundamental momentum continues and remains strong. As this quarter illustrates, we're executing on our strategic objectives, including margin expansion. With our growing portfolio of integrated health solutions, Centene continues to extend our leadership position in government sponsored healthcare, the highest growth category in the industry. We are committed to providing high-quality low-cost solutions across product lines, including our ongoing commitment to the Federal TRICARE and Veteran Administration programs and the continuation in commitment to the commercial business in California. Our pipeline remains robust. We see numerous opportunities in the near-term and long-term, and are well positioned to continue to be a strong diversified growth-oriented health solution company. We look forward to the remainder of 2015 and beyond. As a reminder, our Investor Day is on December 15 in New York City. We thank you for your continued interest in Centene. Bill will now provide further details on our third quarter financial results. Bill?
William N. Scheffel - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Thank you, Michael and good morning. Our third quarter results demonstrate our continued strong performance in 2015. Membership is up 24% year-over-year. Premium and service revenues have increased 31%, and diluted earnings per share of $0.84 excluding the Health Net merger cost, represents a 38% increase over last year, after adjusting for certain items in last year's quarter. And we have also increased our 2015 full-year earnings guidance again. In more detail, premium and service revenues increased $1.3 billion over last year and reflect program expansions between years in many of our states, particularly Florida, Illinois, Louisiana, Mississippi, Ohio and Texas. Our health benefits ratio was 89.0% in the third quarter, compared to 89.7% in Q3 last year and 89.1% in the second quarter of 2015. The 70 basis point improvement between years reflects the impact of stable medical cost trends that we continue to experience in 2015 and the growth in Medicaid expansion membership, which has more than doubled between years and runs at an overall lower HBR. This growth in Medicaid expansion membership also contributed to our HBR for our new business having an 88.6% HBR this quarter, which is lower than our existing business HBR of 89.1%. The primary drivers of this result are the Florida Medicaid business moving to existing business for the third quarter, leaving new business with a higher proportion of the Medicaid expansion business, which carries a lower health benefit ratio. With respect to the 3Rs related to the health insurance marketplace, we continue to be in a payable position with the risk corridor, risk adjustment and minimum loss ratio components. The recent discussion on the ultimate collectability of risk corridor receivables does not impact us, as we have no receivables recorded for the risk corridor for any of our states for any year. Our general and administrative expense ratio was 8.2% for the third quarter, excluding Health Net merger related costs, compared to 8.0% last year and 8.5% in the second quarter of this year. The increase of 20 basis points over last year reflects a higher level of variable compensation costs, while the decrease from the second quarter represents the benefit of increased scale. Also, during the third quarter, we experienced higher-than-anticipated opt out rates and member attrition for the Michigan dual demonstration program, resulting in a reduction to our membership forecast. As a result, we reduced by $27 million the amount of contingent consideration payable, that was previously established at the time of the acquisition in the second quarter. We also reassessed the amounts recorded for the goodwill and identifiable intangible assets, based on the new membership levels, and reduced these values by $28 million. The net effect of $1 million in expense is included in G&A expenses. Business expansion costs totaled $0.05 this quarter, excluding merger costs, compared to $0.07 last year. Investment income was $8 million in this quarter compared to $6 million last year, reflecting a higher level of investment balances. Interest expense was $11 million in the third quarter compared to $9 million in the third quarter last year. The increase reflects the additional borrowings outstanding. And the effective tax rate for the third quarter was 48.3%. This compares to approximately 46% in last year's third quarter, after adjusting for the effect of the benefits recorded related to the change in the limitation on the compensation deduction. Our diluted earnings per share from continuing operation was $0.75, $0.84 before Health Net related merger costs. This compares to last year's $0.67 or $0.61 after adjustment for the effect of the health insurer fee, acquisition transaction costs, and the income tax benefit. Diluted shares outstanding were 123.1 million shares compared to 121.4 million shares last year. As of September 30, we had $3.9 billion of cash, investments and restricted deposits, including $91 million held by unregulated entities. We continue to maintain risk based capital in excess of 350% of the authorized control level. Total debt was $1.3 billion at September 30, including $275 million in borrowings under our revolving credit agreement. The debt to capital ratio was 37.1%, excluding the $68 million non-recourse mortgage note. Medical claims liabilities totaled $2.1 billion at September 30 and represented 44.5 days in claims payable. Cash flow from operations was $62 million for the third quarter and $457 million year-to-date. For the nine months, cash flow from operations represents 1.9 times net earnings. Our updated full-year 2015 guidance numbers are as follows: Premium and service revenues $21.0 billion to $21.3 billion; diluted earnings per share, excluding Health Net related merger costs, $2.84 to $2.90; consolidated health benefits ratio 89.2% to 89.4%; general and administrative expense ratio excluding Health Net related merger costs, 8.2% to 8.4%; effective income tax rate, 48% to 50%; and diluted shares outstanding, 123 million to 123.5 million shares. Our guidance numbers do not include any merger-related costs related to Health Net, which we expect to close in early 2016. Business expansion costs are estimated to be between $0.25 per share and $0.27 per share for the year excluding Health Net costs. This includes our normal enrollment costs for 2016 health insurance marketplace membership, which will add an incremental $0.05 a share in G&A costs for the fourth quarter. This concludes my remarks and, operator, you may now open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question is from Josh Raskin of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi, thanks. Good morning, guys.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good morning, Michael. First question, just on your June Investor Day, you guys talked about a run rate of $24 billion of premium and service revenue. You guys have obviously added a lot of  a bunch of contracts actually since that time. If I annualize 3Q, it's maybe 10% growth off of that, and if you look at the implied fourth quarter premium and service revenue, growth is less than 5%. So will it be fair to say you guys are running well north of that and any chance you'd give an updated sort of run rate, without any new wins, where 2016 revenues look like?
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think we'll give you a full update on December 18, when we give the full guidance for 2016, Josh.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. But fair to say that you guys have added significant contracts since June?
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: As we said back in June that the guidance we gave was initial and what we had visibility at that time, and that it tends to be above what that number is by the time it unfolds in December. So yeah, it's fair to say that there is some upside on it.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Then, just a second question. You guys have talked about better MBR or HBRs for your expansion lives. Any sense on where rates have come in for those expansion lives in 2016? Would you expect MBRs to normalize? And I don't know, was that 90%, or sort of how should we think about the reversion back to the means for next year?
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: You want to say something about that, Bill?
William N. Scheffel - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Well, I think that certainly Medicaid expansion rates are going to be trued up against the experience and the experiences is emerging. I think that in several states, the Medicaid expansion programs are in a rebate position. So you've got to look at rate changes on a net basis, in the context of where the programs are against minimum loss ratios. So we don't expect a significant adverse movement or deterioration in HBRs in Medicaid expansion going forward, based on what we're seeing at this point, in terms of rate changes for the programs.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I think when you think about it, if I may just add to it, when the rates are inadequate, we expect the states to make the adjustments, and in isolated instances where they are high, we would not complain or have any concern with them adjusting it accordingly. So it's a matter of having a fair balance rate.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. That's fair. And last question, excluding Health Net, thinking about the Medicare opportunity, did you guys file for any new county expansions in 2016 for MA plans?
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No.
William N. Scheffel - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: No, we did not. The filing date for that would have been some time ago, and we did not file for any expansion except for minor expansion in our dual special needs plan in Arizona for service counties.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Peter Costa of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: First, can you explain the drop in days claims payable? Was that the rebates being paid back to the states or is there something else going on there?
William N. Scheffel - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Yeah, that's primarily  we transferred dollars out of the medical claims payable to accounts payable, based on certain amounts we have to pay back to a couple of our states for a variety of programs including the rebates.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And then can you talk a little bit about the dual demo programs? We broadly saw those decline last month and throughout the industry, and you kind of talked about it not being an important part of your driver of growth. But then also we've seen the state of Virginia saying that they're not going to extend their dual demo contract, and California has talked about wanting some changes to the dual demo contract going forward. What's your perspective on how the dual demo program is going to work going forward from here?
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I think  and others here can add to it, but I think generally it's recognized some adjustments need to be made to it. There is a higher dis-enrollment rate than what the states and CMS would like to see or expect. But these are demonstration models. And we expect that there's some change. We've heard the same things in California as you have. But once again, we've been very clear from the beginning that our short-term growth is not dependent on that. And so we'll work with the states and the CMS and try and improve where we can. Anything anyone else would like to add?
William N. Scheffel - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: I just wanted to add that Virginia is actually an exception and not intending to extend their dual demonstration program. I believe all of our states and actually California have filed letters of intent. So I think there's still certainly the desire to want to give these programs more time to be able to improve and develop that's shared across the states that we participate in.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Can't states save more money by pushing more of their Medicaid dual population into state-specific Medicaid managed care programs than using these dual demo coordinated care programs through the federal government? And if the states did pursue that, would you guys not see an extra benefit from that in terms of more contracts for long-term services and supports-type contracts?
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Jesse?
Jesse N. Hunter - Chief Business Development Officer & Executive VP: Yeah, I think, Peter, it's Jesse Hunter. that it's a fair point. I think what you've seen already is states making their determinations about what kind of policy direction. Some of that is working with CMS on a more integrated dual demonstration model. There are some states who have kind of bypassed that demonstration approach and gone directly into a managed LTSS program. So I think you will continue to see some variability on that. Our objective is to work with the states to meet their policy objectives. So as they are working to determine whether they work through CMS or work through that directly, we want to help, and I think we're in a position to help in both directions.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Brian Wright of Sterne Agee. Please go ahead.
Brian Michael Wright - Sterne Agee CRT: Thanks. Good morning. Could you help us out, in the prepared remarks you said the state filings are essentially complete. Could you give us a little more kind of definition on what you meant by that?
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, what we're saying is that we have completed filings with the state, and the word "essential" is there because that does not mean that they cannot come back and ask for another  or make a request for one bit of information or something. So that was just  say, absolutely complete, Brian. They are complete, but it left room for a state to ask a question obviously.
Brian Michael Wright - Sterne Agee CRT: Okay. And just to follow up on that, are we expecting a hearing in California and Oregon and I think Arizona or...
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I don't want to talk, as I commented at the beginning, I don't want to talk a lot about this whole process. But where the states require hearings they are being scheduled, and we'll follow all the process to completion. And that's probably all I should say about it at this point.
Brian Michael Wright - Sterne Agee CRT: Okay, fair enough. Sorry, I missed that. I apologize.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No worries.
Operator: Our next question is from Kevin Fischbeck of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great, thanks. Can you provide an update on how Florida MMA is going?
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Bill?
William N. Scheffel - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Florida MMA is improving in terms of its performance. The state did set new rates for the program effective September 1, and those rates have helped move the program to a more sustainable kind of level where it should be closer to the state rating. Also, we've continued to push initiatives to improve our HBRs. So we're seeing some good improvement in terms of the MMA program in Florida.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Are there still things you're trying to do around getting approval for medical cost management, around pharmacy and things like that? What's the status there?
William N. Scheffel - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Yes, the management of the pharmacy remains one of the bigger issues that's still outstanding that we're trying to continue to have a dialogue with the state about what's the best way to go forward from the state's perspective and the managed care organization's perspective, so that remains a key issue.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I think it's important that they have made significant progress. And Florida has demonstrated in the past, where there is a demonstrated need and it's substantiated, they will work with us on it. So we're very encouraged.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then just to make sure I understood the issues around Michigan, it sounds like that was a net $1 million expense, so that was not excluded from your numbers. So that's kind of a one-time thing that you included in your EPS  your number?
William N. Scheffel - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: That's correct. We absorbed that $1 million.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then I guess you talked about on the Medicaid expansion rate side, I guess two things. When you talk about rates for next year, if you have a Medicaid expansion rate cut, are you going to talk about that as a net number, because, like, when you say 0% to 1% this year, are you going to be talking about that as a net number when you give guidance around rates next year?
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
William N. Scheffel - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: We'll have to evaluate that and provide the level of detail to explain it clearly.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: You will have that background on Dec 18.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah, okay. And then, that was one area that I think was pretty clearly an area of pressure. Are there any other outstanding issues where you  where you are in any kind of negotiations with the state around kind of major issues either positive or negative?
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I think to say yes or no is difficult. At any given time when you have the number of contracts you do, I think we have 280 solutions right now, across our 23 states. You're always going to have something, but the benefit of having the diversity we do is that there is  we have offsets to it. So, right now as we look at it, there is no major issues that raise a concern.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. All right. Great. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Dave Windley of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
David Anthony Styblo - Jefferies LLC: Good morning. It's Dave Styblo in for Windley. Just want to get a little more color on the guidance raise. If you could just tease out what's driving that, because it looks like, relative to what you had said last time for business expansion costs, there's a little bit more in there. SG&A ratio is picking up a little bit from the guidance; MLR is steady. So is it just a function of the higher revenue coming online that's just profitable? And what is that revenue from?
William N. Scheffel - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: I think that clearly our guidance adjustment this quarter end  for this quarter is, after three quarters, we're giving full year. So you could pretty much focus on that differential being the fourth quarter. And so we've tightened number of those ranges, just because it's pretty wide for just one quarter. Overall, the increase reflects third quarter results which were good and above our original expectations. And I think Q4 includes, as we said, about a $0.05 of G&A costs related to additional enrollment costs for the 2016 health insurance marketplace. So it's a combination of increase in revenues and the costs and we've added Oregon in affective the beginning of September. So there's variety of things that make up the total. Nothing specific I would point to.
David Anthony Styblo - Jefferies LLC: Okay. On Georgia, obviously, you got the re-procurement there. At the same time, there was a fourth plan that's added. Do you have visibility or plan from the state yet about how they're going to sort of split up the membership? I think my understanding was that that up to about 15% of existing membership might go over to this new plan, but wasn't sure on the timing or if that plan had actually gone through. So helpful to hear sort of how that membership may shake out over time here for you?
Kenneth Rone Baldwin - Senior Executive/President/COO-Life Insurance/Health/Financial Services: Yeah. This is Rone Baldwin. The clarity on that is still not accomplished with the state. Again, the program will not be effective until July of next year and the expectation is the membership to the fourth MCO will build over some time after that. So it's not clear at this point.
David Anthony Styblo - Jefferies LLC: Okay. And then lastly, there is  it seems like the RFP queue is sort of ramping up and pipeline seems to be ramping up again with opportunities from Pennsylvania Nebraska, Oklahoma, and especially North Carolina, where about $15 billion is going over to managed Medicaid. So, curious to hear, what's your strategy or how do you think about positioning in these markets, especially for something like North Carolina where we're years away, but about positioning for those markets?
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: We're not going to give away our whole positioning. But Jesse, do you want to make some comments to the extent we can without giving a competitive standpoint?
Jesse N. Hunter - Chief Business Development Officer & Executive VP: Yeah. I think that will be a test but, yes, I think it's certainly a fair point with respect to the magnitude of opportunities that are coming up. We started to highlight a little bit of that in June at our Investor Day some of these earlier-stage programs that are either going through a legislative process or kind of the pre-RFE activities. So, I think the best consistent answer is that every market is different, and so our approach to every market needs to be reflective of what that state is trying to accomplish. You've got  with respect to the different states which you mentioned, different populations that are going to becoming in over different periods of time, statewide, regional. You've got of number of variables and we need to understand those and take all of those into account to figure out what is going to be our best kind of go-to-market approach that will, again, help the state achieve their policy objectives.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah I mean you have some that are re-procurements and you have North Carolina, so it would be brand new. So, it's going to take, as Jesse highlighted, a different approach.
David Anthony Styblo - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Thanks for the question.
Operator: Our next question is from Andy Schenker of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Andrew Schenker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks. Real quick, just on the specialty MMR declined about 200 basis points year-over-year, and this quarter, it was up in the first half of the year, year-over-year. Anything driving kind of the big swings in that one, and how should we think about that metric going forward?
William N. Scheffel - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: I don't think there is anything special. There is a little bit of seasonality that we have from time-to-time in the specialty companies, but it's nothing that changes it overall.
Andrew Schenker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. So is that kind of year-to-date number or kind of reasonable place to be thinking about for that line going forward or?
William N. Scheffel - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Yeah, I think that would be a reasonable way to approach it.
Andrew Schenker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And then on the $48 million related to minimum MMRs, any states you want to call out there? And then similarly anything else within development between states that you're willing to call out?
William N. Scheffel - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: No, nothing that I think that's special. I think we've certainly seen a lot more in the more recent years of dealing with the minimum HBRs in the states, and a lot of the new programs have those. And tends to be the ones  the Medicaid expansion are well-funded, so it tend to have more payable back to the states on those programs and ...
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: And we kind of like it in the sense that these rebate programs where we get actuary sound rates. And then HETA's reports show the high quality, and we show we are efficient through the refunds. So it's a good combination.
William N. Scheffel - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Yeah, I think that  and that's one of the reasons we present that $48 million number is, so people understand that, when we have positive development, it doesn't necessarily all go back into earnings, it actually comes because the conservatism we have in the initial reserve setting, and then, at some level, that's payable back to the states for these programs, and we just thought that was good disclosure.
Andrew Schenker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: No, I appreciate that. I mean is there any one or two states that are really driving it or that you're willing to disclose?
William N. Scheffel - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: No, I'd say it is lot of Medicaid expansion programs that contribute to that. You got to go back a year and figure out which programs we're doing that at that point in time, but I'd say Medicaid expansion is a good chunk of it.
Andrew Schenker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Fair enough. And then lastly, exchanges are highlighting an increase, and I guess, enrollment costs in the fourth quarter here. So thinking about 2016, obviously, you had success in 2015. I mean what are your plans for exchanges next year? Have you expanded your participation ahead of Health Net here? Any new states? Any new markets? New pricing, anything you can highlight there?
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Some of that detail will be more appropriate and December 18, we're going to make some preliminary.
Kenneth Rone Baldwin - Senior Executive/President/COO-Life Insurance/Health/Financial Services: Well, just in terms of new geographic expansion, the only new state we've entered is New Hampshire. And that's related to the state's transition from having Medicaid expansion to want to move it over to a private option type solution in 2016. So other than that, a little bit of geographic service area expansion, and that pretty much is what reflects our participation for 2016 compared to 2015.
Andrew Schenker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Baker of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Michael J. Baker - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thanks a lot. Bill, I was wondering if you could give us some color around the service revenues, how they perform relative to what you expected and maybe give us an update on some of the key drivers in that line item?
William N. Scheffel - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Sure. I think one of the significant items in that line is going to be our specialty pharmacy business, which has a lot of Hep C product there. And that, as we've seen is, I'll say somewhat plateauing in terms of  we saw significant growth last year in those products versus sort of plateau this year, and then there's a little bit of seasonality in some of the different lines that are included in there. So nothing unusual other than sort of the Hep C flattening out.
Michael J. Baker - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. And then, Michael, the question I had for you is, maybe you could give us a sense as you near the closing of what's an important acquisition for the company, can you give us little bit more color on who's heading up the integration efforts? Then we've seen other players that face mergers kind of give us a sense of management changes et cetera. Are there any other additional management changes we should look for or if you're not ready to say that at this point, is that more of a December update?
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: You know, I think you'll get the full detail  much more detail in December. Cindy Brinkley is heading up the integration. And I think speaking behalf of the whole management team and the board, that we're very pleased with the progress and how it's going. And as I commented in my remarks, the Health Net people are fully engaged in and participating, and it's moving down the line very well and we expect to hit the ground running when it closes.
Michael J. Baker - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thanks for the update.
Operator: Our next question is from Chris Rigg of Susquehanna Financial Group. Please go ahead.
Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Good morning. Just to come back to the rebate or call back mechanisms in the expansion states. Are they  do you have that in every state or is it only in a handful? And if it's only in a handful, can you tell us which states have the rebates in place?
William N. Scheffel - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: I'd say it's in most states, they have these in their products and  or almost all of them, I mean, so it's across the board. And typically those programs are funded by the federal government, and we generally are running at or below the minimum HBRs in most of those states. So we have to accrue the amounts payable back on that.
Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Okay.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: It's good to take that approach.
Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Right. Right. And I guess just  I mean some of the states have had mechanisms like this in place for a while pre-ACA. Can you give us a sense for how, like a state like Texas, for example, has tended to view these type of things where you're running an excess profit in a given year, how they look at prospectively? Do they normally try to make a quick adjustment to sort of get the rebate or the profits back to where they want them to be? Or just any color as to how they tend to look at rates prospectively would be helpful. Thanks.
William N. Scheffel - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Yeah, I think that Texas is a unique state given the size of the state and the size of our business. So we have some advantages in Texas because of our scale. And so we could produce a larger payable back to the state at times, which may or may not impact others in the state. And so, the state has to be cognizant of how they look at the whole state and all the players and how they establish rates for actual soundness purposes. Rone, do you want to add?
Kenneth Rone Baldwin - Senior Executive/President/COO-Life Insurance/Health/Financial Services: Yeah, I think what Bill said is an important point, that the way a state is going to look at the rates is they are going to look at the overall program across all the  and the experience of all the MCOs, and the fact that we may be in one position related to the rebates doesn't necessarily mean that all the participants in the market will. So it's going to be program-wide that they are going to be actually reflected in the actuarial rates going forward.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: But we like the fact that we can show how efficient we are, because we have high  and it's gained us a lot of balance within the states.
Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Got you. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question is from Ralph Giacobbe of Citi. Please go ahead.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thanks, good morning. Can you give a sense of the new business, how much is Medicaid expansion-related? So sort of what percentage of that new business may be this year relative to last year?
William N. Scheffel - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: We don't really have a percentage of the total how much of the new 21% or whatever is Medicaid expansion or not between years, other than to say clearly between years Medicaid expansion continued to grow. Some of that rolls into existing after a year, but a lot of the new stuff continues to be added. And with that low HBR, it has the impact of  for this quarter, having the phenomenon of our HBR being lower for new business and existing, which is the first quarter we've actually experienced that.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: In my prepared remarks, I commented that a year-over-year increase of about 250,000 members Medicaid.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. All right, that's helpful. And then the exchange book I guess at this point, can you give us a sense just where that's running? Obviously, you're in payable position for the 3Rs. Is that fair to sort of assume that your margin levels of that are already within kind of the 3 percentage point to 5 percentage points, I think, that you had targeted there or is that not a fair assumption?
William N. Scheffel - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: I think that's a fair assumption. I think, as we said probably several times, the exchange business, we were very conservative going in, and it's performed better than our expectations both for 2014 and 2015 at this point in time. And we are in a payable position back on all those components that we talked about.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. That's fair. And then it may be early for this, but any early read on flu and maybe help us understand maybe what's baked into your expectation relative to what we saw last year? Thanks.
William N. Scheffel - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: We don't really have any reading at this point in time I would say on current flu levels or anything. It's always a fourth quarter phenomenon when it starts up. So we do allow for a certain level that in our forecast or guidance numbers to occur. Again, I can't tell you sitting here today whether it's going to be a heavy or light season for flu.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I might add, there has been some early indications that they've guessed right what strain to put in the extract, at least in one of the two extracts that are available. So, Ken, is there anything you can add to that?
Ken Yamaguchi - Chief Medical Officer & Executive Vice President: No, just what you said, Michael.
Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Thank you.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So take your flu shots.
Operator: Our next question is from A.J. Rice of UBS. Please go ahead.
A.J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC: Hello, everybody. Just a couple of quick questions if I could ask. First, we're hearing now I guess that the Medicaid Managed Care rule probably is going to get pushed off until next year or early first half. I wonder if you have any updated thoughts about either the significance of the rule to you or the timing.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: The rule we probably stated, we think it's balanced and appropriate, without the actuarial soundness of the rates by sales. So I'm not going to say it's negative or positive. We were in favor of it and we support it. So as soon as they do it the better.
A.J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. On the...
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Rone, do you want to add to that?
Kenneth Rone Baldwin - Senior Executive/President/COO-Life Insurance/Health/Financial Services: I would just say that timing is in line with what our understanding is also.
A.J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Maybe just to ask on the specialty pharmacy. I appreciate the comments about the Hep C drugs. I wonder with new specialty growths coming down, with obviously a lot of turmoil in the specialty arena right now, is that creating any opportunities or anything worth highlighting that sort of is the next areas of focus for the group?
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I'll start out and, Jesse, you can add to it. I think we demonstrated we know how to work with the states in determining the proper reimbursement, when it should be carved out and when included in the rates. So the turmoil is not something that we are concerned about. We feel it can help provide some direction to us. Jesse?
Jesse N. Hunter - Chief Business Development Officer & Executive VP: I would say from an opportunity standpoint, A.J., that Acaria has demonstrated the ability to work with the manufacturers to participate in the kind of proliferation or the rollout of some of these new drugs. So as you said, there's a lot of activity there, and I think we and the Acaria team are squarely in the middle of that, and hopefully that will translate into future growth opportunities within the specialty pharmacy segment.
A.J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. All right, thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question is from Gary Taylor of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, good morning. Just had a couple questions. First, I just wanted to go back to the Georgia re-bid where there was an additional plan added. Has the membership allocation methodology been finalized yet there such that you have visibility on what your retention rate is expected to be?
Kenneth Rone Baldwin - Senior Executive/President/COO-Life Insurance/Health/Financial Services: Yeah, we spoke a little bit earlier that the allocation methodology has not been determined. And again, I would just keep in mind that the new program is not going to be effective until July of next year. And the way these things normally work is membership builds over some period of time, but it's too early to tell.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: We have three plans, one which is larger than the others, and so how they deal with that is yet to be determined as well. So, I mean I think the two at 30% are in a better position than those at 40%.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Fair. Yeah. Sorry I missed those comments earlier. My other question is just going back to days claims payable, the 1.9 days on the transfer. I mean the 1.9 days would be closer to a $90 million amount. You highlighted the $48 million related to the prior period HBR transfer. What was the other  what would be the other about related to within the current period?
William N. Scheffel - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: What that is is that was a build-up over probably 18 months in some cases in several of our states of amounts due back to the state for certain programs, particularly for services that the state paid for on our behalf. And so we were to reimburse the state for that. And so they haven't yet sent us a bill quite frankly for it but it's getting close. So, we have reclassify that out of medical claims liability and set it up into accounts payable, because we think that's a better place for going forward.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I'm sorry, that's the amount above the $48 million that you called out?
William N. Scheffel - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Well, I mean I think your calculation of $97 million is reasonable, in terms of how much we've classified some medical claims to accounts payable. And we didn't restate prior periods for DCP. If we would've taken it out in prior periods, it would have reduced the DCP for all periods, if we would've re-classed that at any one point in time.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Because I know on the 2Q, you had called out $65 million re-class related to prior period, but I guess it's fair to assume that the total amount that might have been re-classed in the Q2 was much larger than that 65 million as well?
William N. Scheffel - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Well, I think it's important  those are probably two different things. Number one, in the roll forward of our reserve, we are rolling forward the reserve from a year ago. And so we're saying, of that development that occurred, in this quarter, it shows I think $177 million of positive development, that $177 million doesn't roll into earnings or anyway, because to an extent the $48 million of that is actually reclassified as a payable back to the state. And I think we have a separate line item on our balance sheet for return premiums to the state and it goes into that line item. The amount that we talked about this quarter for the DCP change was really reclassified into accounts payable, not in return premiums payable, because it's really reimbursement for services that they paid for on our behalf which are covered under our contracts. So, they are just slightly different items, but they effectively represent the reclassification of items out of medical claims liability into separate classifications, to put them in the right place, when we're going to pay them in the near future.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. I think I understand that. Thank you.
William N. Scheffel - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is from Ana Gupte of Leerink Partners. Please go ahead.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning. The first question I have is about the retrospective analysis of what you saw in Iowa and Michigan and Georgia. Is that mainly an issue of incumbents in the way the states are evaluating the bidders or is that something else going on, and can you tell us what the criteria might have been for the United Merit group and the Merit Healthcare getting it and not you in Iowa?
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Jesse?
Jesse N. Hunter - Chief Business Development Officer & Executive VP: Yeah, I think you mention a few states there. So I think obviously each state and each process is unique and I think we are still in kind of an administrative review process. There is a limited amount that we can speak to with respect to that at this point. So, I would say probably broadly and it's probably premature to share lot of our observations and obviously some of that would be speculative with respect to the state's decision-making process, which is really under a review at this point.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: Okay. Then the second question I have is on your 89% loss ratio this time, you cite the Medicaid expansion as one of the mix shifting there as one of the favorable drivers. As you look at all the pushes and pulls, with the mix shifting to expansion lives to exchanges, but then you're also growing obviously in long-term support services. And with that 85% kind of average federal regulation out there with the rates, what would be your long-term outlook for your loss ratio? Should be consider 89% as still got  having some opportunity to improve it further?
William N. Scheffel - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Yeah. I think that the waiting of the various books of business have a big impact on what the consolidated HBR is. So if we grow our exchange business, the exchange business has a lower HBR generally, but a higher G&A ratio. And so the Medicaid expansion has a lower HBR than our average, let's say, and so depending on how those books of businesses are growing that can influence the total waiting. And then we added, as we did, a lot of long-term care business over the last couple of years, that's increasing our consolidated HBR. So it's hard to say where the future  in the next two years, the HBR is going on a consolidated level, without understanding which books of business are going to have the greatest growth. And I don't think we're really in a position to speculate on that particular issue, other than we try to provide as much transparency as we can with respect to the levels of HBR during the periods when we have our calls.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: Thanks. One last one on exchanges, you said you were doing well with the 3% to 5% margin. It seems as though the Medicaid players are and they maybe a very obvious answer to this relative to the diversified. So is this more you're getting Medicaid plus members is it more mix related or is it that you're building it off a Medicaid network contract chassis or something else like medical management? Why do you think the diverse sites are having ...
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I think it's a combination of these things, and part of it is our overall conservatism. Anything you want to add, Rone?
Kenneth Rone Baldwin - Senior Executive/President/COO-Life Insurance/Health/Financial Services: I think we've had a disciplined strategy on exchanges that we've stop to and its focused on the low-income individuals, subsidized Medicaid turn population. And we're going to continue that and continue to try to make sure that we can grow this business, but make sure it's a consistent contributor. So it's worked so far for us and that's all we can say I think.
Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC: Thanks. Appreciate you taking the questions.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Michael Neidorff for any losing remarks.
Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: We thank you for your continued interest and thoughts and look forward to December 18 and in the subsequent year-end conference calls. So, happy holidays.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Ed Kroll  SVP, Finance and IR Michael F. Neidorff  Chairman, President, and CEO William N. Scheffel  CFO and EVP Jesse N. Hunter  EVP and Chief Business Development Officer K. Rone Baldwin  EVP, Insurance Group Business Unit Unidentified Company Representative - 
Analysts: Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital Peter Costa - Wells Fargo Securities Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch A. J. Rice - UBS Dave Styblo - Jefferies and Company Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Brian Wright - Sterne, Agee CRT Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Gary Taylor - J.P. Morgan Andrew Schenker - Morgan Stanley Ana Gupte - Leerink Partners Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Centene Corporation Second Quarter 2015 Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ed Kroll, Senior Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Ed Kroll: Thank you, Emily and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us on our second quarter 2015 earnings call. Michael Neidorff, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Bill Scheffel, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Centene will host this morning's call. The call should last approximately 45 minutes and may also be accessed through our website at centene.com. A replay will be available shortly after the calls completion, also at centene.com or by dialing 877-344-7529 in the U.S. and Canada, or in other countries by dialing 412-317-0088. The playback number for both of those dial-ins is 10067851. Any remarks that Centene may make about future expectations, plans, and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provision under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in Centene's most recently filed Form 10-Q dated today, July 28, 2015 and our other public SEC filings. Centene anticipates that subsequent events and developments will cause its estimates to change. While the company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. And finally today's earnings call does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities or solicitation of any vote or approval.  In connection with the proposed Health Net transaction, Centene will be filing with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-4 that will include a preliminary joint proxy statement of Health Net, Inc. and Centene Corporation that also constitutes a prospectus of Centene. The registration statement is not complete and will be further amended. After the registration statement has been declared effective by the SEC, the final joint proxy statement and prospectus will be mailed to Health Net and Centene shareholders both.  You should review materials when they are filed with the SEC carefully as they will include important information about the proposed transaction including information about Health Net and Centene, the respective Directors, Executive Officers, and certain other members of management and employees who may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies in favor of the proposed transaction.  As a reminder, our next Investor Day is Friday, December 18th in New York City. Please mark your calendars. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Michael Neidorff. Michael?
Michael F. Neidorff: Thank you Ed. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining Centene's second quarter 2015 earnings call. Before I provide details of our second quarter results I would like to comment on Centene's recently announced acquisitions of Health Net. The cash and stock transaction valued at approximately $6.8 billion.  Uniting Centene and Health Net creates one of the largest government sponsored healthcare providers in the country. We estimate pro forma 2015 annual premium and service revenue of approximately $37 billion and adjusted EBITDA in excess of $1.5 billion. We believe this transaction creates significant value for Centene and Health Net shareholders and other key stakeholders. It is expected to be more than 10% accretive to GAAP earnings per share and over 20% accretive to adjusted earnings per share in the first full year following the close.  We anticipate pretax synergies of $75 million by the end of the first year and additional $75 million by the end of year two. Please note these synergies are on top of any synergies contemplated by Health Net in their current and anticipated relationship with us. Importantly this acquisition enhances the sustainability of Centene's long-term growth rate that provides additional scale and diversification across both new and existing markets, products in government sponsored healthcare segment.  Let me begin with Medicaid, this combination creates a leading managed Medicaid health plan operator providing coverage to almost 6 million Medicaid beneficiaries. Health Net will increase and enhanced Centene's position in the California Medicaid program, the largest in the country. We will also become a participant in the state dual eligible demonstration program. Centene will have a leadership position in three of the largest Medicaid markets in the country; California, Texas, and Florida.  Second Medicare, Health Net provides the capabilities, scale and quality profile needed to maximize opportunities in the Medicare space. Adding Health Net expands Medicare pipeline beyond the duals. Consistent with Centene's government sponsored healthcare program, Health Net Medicare advantage focus has been on providing high quality affordable healthcare to low income recipients. This is an important strategic point as over 65% of Medicare eligible individuals were at or under 400% of the Federal poverty levels. The low income Medicare opportunity across Centene's existing markets is the next step for $160 billion.  Additionally about 75% of Health Net Medicare advantage members are in four star rated plans indicative of their commitment to quality. Medicare star ratings are increasingly important to maximize reimbursement and enrolment growth.  Next health insurance marketplaces, both companies have a successful track record of providing coverage to subsidy, eligible individuals in marketplaces. The addition of Health Net increases our marketplace presence to 14 states with total membership submission of 500,000.  Now commercial, Health Net's commercial business is strategically important in their market. Centene remained committed to Health Net's existing commercial business while maintaining our strategic focus on the significant growth opportunity in the government sponsored healthcare space.  Lastly, additional opportunities include the integration of Centenes specialty company across the entire enterprise. Participation in TRICARE and VA program and innovative provider contracting capability, Health Net was an early adaptor of value based contracting and is a leader in performance based provider contract. We will have the opportunity as a group to apply this expertise across our markets and process. We remain on track to close the deal in early 2016 and are moving forward with the necessary filing. The appropriate heart Hart-Scott-Rodino filing has already been made.  With that, todays call is about second quarter results and outlook. I ask that you please limit your question to second quarter results for which I will now thank you in advance. Now on the second quarter financial highlights. We are pleased to report another strong quarterly performance. We added 1.3 million members compared to the second quarter of 2014. This represents a 38% increase to 4.6 million beneficiaries.  Second quarter premium and service revenues grew 39% year-over-year to 5.2 billion. The HBR increased 20 basis points year-over-year to 89.1%. This reflects higher HBR for the new programs in two of our states. On a sequential basis, the HBR improved 70 basis points due to normal seasonality. Bill will provide further HBR detail including new and existing business mix.  Importantly we continue to see as well as anticipate overall stable medical cost strength. We reported second quarter diluted earnings per share of $0.72 or $0.73 when exceeding $0.01 cost via Health Net acquisition. This compares to $0.39 in last years second quarter or $0.47 when excluding the $0.08 impact of the health insurer.  Next market and product updates. First we would expect solutions Medicaid type. Indiana during the second quarter we began serving ABD beneficiaries in Indiana under the states Foster [ph] care connect program. A launch is proceeding as expected. At the end of the second quarter we had 3900 ABD lives in the states. We anticipate adding over 15,000 ABD lives in Indiana in the third quarter with auto assignments again.  Florida, in May Centenes Florida subsidiary Sunshine Health was tentatively recommended for a state wide contract award under the Florida Healthy Kids program where we will manage healthcare services to children and adolescent ages 5 to 18. This award expands Centenes participation in this program from one region to all 11 regions in this state. We expect this new contract to commence in the fourth quarter of 2015.  Oregon, Centene recently received the necessary approval to close our pending acquisition of Agate Resources, Inc. We are on track to close the transaction in the third quarter of 2015. The entry into Oregon mark Centenes 23rd state of operation.  Mississippi Centenes Mississippi membership grew by more than 100,000 beneficiaries over the first quarter of 2015. This was mainly driven by growth in the MississippiCAN program. We anticipate additional growth in the third quarter of 2015. In addition we will begin managing inpatient services in the Pacific [ph] beginning in the fourth quarter 2015.  Louisiana, second quarter was the first full quarter of operations of our expanded contracts in Louisiana which included conversion of non-U.S. clients. This contract is performing in line with our trajectories. Additionally Louisiana will begin carving in behavioral services in Centene's contracts with states which is expected to commence in the fourth quarter of 2015.  Michigan, in May we completed the acquisition of Fidelis SecureCare of Michigan and began providing healthcare services to Medicare and dual-eligible members in the state. The contract is proceeding as planned. Moving on to the dual, at June 30, we served 19,700 members across our dual demonstration contracts in Ohio, South Carolina, Texas, and Michigan. We anticipated additional growth throughout the third quarter 2015.  Next Centurion, in July Centurion commenced its fifth correctional contract in Mississippi. Shifting gears our rate adjustment, we continue to project a 2015 composite rate adjustment flat to 1%. In conclusion, second quarter results offered continued evidence of Centene's financial strength and operating capability. Centene's high priorities of growth opportunities remains robust. We are optimistic about our future and the leading role Centene will be able to play in the evolving healthcare markets. Thank you for your interest in Centene. Bill will now provide further detail on our second quarter. 
William N. Scheffel: Thank you, Michael and good morning. Our second quarter results continued to reflect strong operating performance in 2015. In connection with our Investor Day in June we raised our earnings guidance by $0.10. And as I indicated it on Investor Day, our updated guidance numbers reflecting more even quarterly distribution of earnings for each of the last three quarters of the year.  The actual results for our second quarter are consistent with our expectations incorporated into the updated guidance numbers from June with year-over-year membership up 38%, premium and service revenues up by 39%, and diluted earnings per share of $0.72. It is $0.73 excluding the $0.01 of merger related cost. The 39% increase in premium and service revenues to 5.2 billion reflect program expansions between years in many of our states. For example, we have experienced significant membership increases in Florida, Illinois, Louisiana, and Mississippi and also significant revenue growth in Ohio and Texas year-over-year through the implementation of the new MMP and other programs.  I also want to discuss the variability in the level of premium tax amount we receive and record as revenue. Premium tax and health insurer fee revenue decreased from 370 million in the first quarter to 322 million in the second quarter as a result of a decrease of $48 million in hospital assessment payment received in the second quarter which we pass through as payments to the hospitals in accordance with the state construction. These amounts can vary from quarter-to-quarter and we expect the amount of premium tax revenue we received to continue to be lower in the second half of 2015, slightly less than $300 million in each of the third and fourth quarter.  Correspondingly we expect to have a lower level of premium tax expense in the third and fourth quarter which offsets the revenue reduction, reduction with no impact on earnings. That is why we focus our discussion on premium and service revenues as these are more predictable and better subject to estimation.  Our consolidated health benefits ratio was 89.1% this quarter compared to 88.9% in the second quarter of 2014 and 89.8% in the first quarter of 2015. The 20 basis point increase from last year primarily reflects higher health benefit ratios on new programs in two of our state. Sequentially the 70 basis point reduction from our first quarter HBR is due to seasonality as the first quarter is normally our highest HBR quarter, and the second quarter is typically one of our lowest HBR quarters. And for the second quarter 22% of our premium and service revenues came from new business and 78% from existing business. The HBR for our new business was 91.3% and 88.5% for our existing business.  During the second quarter we updated our analysis of the three Rs related to the health insurance marketplace for 2014 and 2015 as additional information became available from CMS. Overall we continue to be in a net payable position with amounts payable for the risk quarter, risk adjustment, and minimum loss ratio components.  The marketplace business continues to perform ahead of our original expectations and the adjustments recorded in the second quarter were relatively minor. As an example, CMS announced the change to the reinsurance provisions for 2014 to now pay 100% of the cost versus the 80% previously covered. The impact of this change was a $3 million growth increase in our reinsurance receivable but after considering the affect on the calculations for the risk corridor and the minimum loss ratio, the net impact to us was only a positive $200,000.  Our general and administrative expense ratio was 8.5% this quarter compared to 8.6% last year and 8.5% in the first quarter. The decrease from last year is a result of our increased scale. And business expansion cost totaled $0.05 in the second quarter not including the merger related expenses compared to $0.06 last year.  Investment income was 10 million in the second quarter compared to 7 million in the second quarter of 2014 and 9 million in the first quarter. The increase between years results from our higher level of invested balances. Interest expense was 11 million this quarter compared to 9 million last year and 10 million in the first quarter reflecting our higher level of borrowings.  Our effective tax rate was 48.8% in the second quarter compared to 49.5% last year and 49.2% in Q1. Our diluted earnings per share from continuing operations was $0.72 this year compared to $0.39 last year which was $0.47 adjusted for an $0.08 impact related to the health insurer fee. Diluted shares outstanding were 123 million shares compared to 119.4 million shares last year.  As of June 30th, we had 3.7 billion of cash, investments, and restricted deposits including $82 million held by unregulated entities. Our risk based capital continues to be in excess of 350% of the authorized control level. Total debt was 1.1 billion at June 30th, including $150 million of borrowings under our revolving credit agreement. Our debt to capital ratio was 35.7% excluding our $69 million non-recourse mortgage note.  Medical claims liabilities totaled 2.1 billion at June 30th, and represented 45.5 days in claims payable. Cash flow from operations was 350 million in the second quarter representing 4 times net earnings. Our updated 2015, full year guidance numbers are premium and service revenues 20.8 billion to 21.2 billion, diluted earnings per share $2.74 to $2.82, consolidated health benefit ratio 89.1% to 89.5%, general and administrative expense ratio 8.0% to 8.4%, the effective income tax rate 48% to 50%, and diluted shares outstanding a 123 million to 124 million shares.  Our guidance numbers do not include any merger related cost expected to be incurred with the Health Net transaction which we expect to close in early 2016. For 2015 we expect to incur cost of $0.10 to $0.15 per share. Additionally we have not included any impact from acquisitions which have not yet closed such as Oregon. Business expansion costs are estimated to be between $0.23 and $0.27 per share for the year excluding any Health Net related merger cost.  This concludes my remarks and as a reminder the purpose of today's call is to discuss our second quarter and we ask that you keep your questions focused on our results. Thank you for your cooperation and operator you may now open the line for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is from Josh Raskin of Barclays. Please go ahead. 
Joshua Raskin: Hi, thanks, good morning. 
Michael F. Neidorff: Good morning 
Joshua Raskin: Good morning Michael. The first question, just wanted to make sure, the merger cost so, you incurred $0.01 in the second quarter so that's not included in guidance but your guidance includes the $0.73 second quarter, is that right?
William N. Scheffel: Correct, basically I would use $0.73 for Q2 because for the year we are seeing our guidance numbers do not include any of the merger related expenses. 
Joshua Raskin: Okay, that is good enough. And then just the Healthy Kids contract in Florida, could you remind us if there is potential opportunity in terms of membership size?
Jesse N. Hunter: Josh, it is Jesse. So, I think probably the best way to think about this is it is a separate contract in Florida so it really strengthens our broader Florida footprint. As we mentioned in the comments it takes us from what has been historically a very small participation in that contract. I would say deminimus amount of membership to a state wide presence. So, it is going to be as a more important as diversification in the market than it is from an absolute kind of membership -- absolute membership perspective. So I think if we want to give aggregate number of members but I think it is less than 50,000 members. 
Joshua Raskin: In terms of the overall market or your potential opportunity?
Jesse N. Hunter: Yeah, that would be our potential so, go like if you want to narrow the range you would say between 20,000 and 30,000 something along those lines. 
Joshua Raskin: Okay, perfect. And then just on the MA side, there is some larger transactions obviously in the market, there could be some divestitures of MA plans, I am just curious Michael your perspectives on growing Medicare advantage, would you look at some of these potential divestitures and will they have to be in your existing markets, how should we think about the Medicare strategy?
Michael F. Neidorff: I think obviously if there is some narrowing in good markets and there are good books of business we would be willing to look at them and be clearly responsive fairly quickly. Obviously if it is in existing market it is a lot easier to make that decision because it is a tuck in. If it is a new market it has to be -- has to be big in size and scale to make it worthwhile setting up an organization for it. So, it is going to be a case by case basis but we would clearly be willing to look at that. 
Joshua Raskin: Okay, that makes sense. Perfect, thanks. 
Michael F. Neidorff: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question is from Peter Costa of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. 
Peter Costa: Good morning. 
Michael F. Neidorff: Good morning 
Peter Costa: My question relates to the loss ratio on the Medicaid, CHIP, Foster Care, and health insurance marketplace businesses rated by 90 basis points, is that tied to the two states that you referenced, simply describe which two states that was and exactly what is going on with that loss ratio there?
William N. Scheffel: Sure thing, the main thing is that we have got -- it happens from time to time. New programs start up with higher HBRs and so we have new programs in Illinois and the Florida MMA program. MMA program for example we still run high and it has been much discussed.
Peter Costa: So, are those the two states that you called out earlier?
William N. Scheffel: Yes. 
Peter Costa: And it is all brought really in that line item, not so much of a Florida LTC business which is in the ABD though?
William N. Scheffel: Correct, the Florida LTC has improved year-over-year as that was more or less rate adjustments were made in the fourth quarter of 2014.
Peter Costa: Right, can you tell me where that stands in terms of getting the Florida rates and has business improved?
Michael F. Neidorff: We are in constant discussions, we will exchange the information. Our actuaries are talking and so we did work with them and we always found Florida to be very responsive and we believe we will work it out. Rone, anything you would add to that. 
K. Rone Baldwin: No, it is exactly as you said Michael. We have continued to work with the state and they have been a good partner in the past and we believe that will manifest itself here again. 
Peter Costa: Okay, thank you very much. 
Operator: Our next question is from Kevin Fischbeck of Bank of America. Please go ahead. 
Kevin Fischbeck: Hi, great, thanks. Can you talk a little about the duals, I guess obviously you are adding another state soon but weve seen lot of mission enrolment out of the duals and in almost every state and then there tends to be kind of a plateau and actually a little bit of a pullback. Can you give a little bit of a color on your relations with the states to how kind of make this program a little bit more sustainable and one that can actually grow?
William N. Scheffel: Well we do have discussions with the states on how to kind of counteract that trend but equally one of the biggest drivers of it is the attitude of the provider community about moving people into managed care programs versus deeper service Medicare and thats something that were aggressively attacking. Also by pointing out as we do in many other situations why managed care is beneficial overall for members, providers, and for the state and government partner. So we are actively engaged and marketing to the provider community as well. 
Michael F. Neidorff: I think they really need to understand the case management capabilities we have to how its really very supportive of the providers versus the traffic. 
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay and then I guess Bill you mentioned the seasonality this year being more even, is that what we should be expecting next year as well or how do we think about normal seasonality in 2016 and beyond? 
William N. Scheffel: I dont think we are prepared to get into 2016 yet at this point. I think what I said back in June and still say today is we felt that it was a more even distribution for Q2, Q3, and Q4 of 2015 and in December we can talk maybe a little bit more about the seasonality for 2016.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay and then I guess last question I dont know if you can answer it but, as going to back to my question before about Floridas rate negotiations, I guess is there any way to think about the 0% to 1% thus far is how you are thinking about Florida and I guess Georgia, how dependent are those two states as far as hitting that range? 
K. Rone Baldwin: I think the 0% to 1% is an aggregate number and it encompasses the range of what we think the outcomes are going to be in Florida and what we are seeing in Georgia as well. 
Michael F. Neidorff: Which will be more than 0% to 1%. 
K. Rone Baldwin: Yes. 
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay, great. Thanks. 
Operator: Our next question is from A. J. Rice of UBS. Please go ahead. 
A. J. Rice: Hi, everybody. Thanks for the question. Looks like you had another strong quarter and your service revenue is up 20% year-to-year and 30 million sequentially. Can you talk a little bit more about what the drivers behind that growth were in the quarter? 
William N. Scheffel: Sure two things I would say is year-over-year we now have the Chicago County Care contract included in our results that started July 1, 2014. So its on the revenue side and then from a performance standpoint I think we just had near favorable performance from several of our units that are included in the service revenue component. 
A. J. Rice: Okay and then looking at the cost of services for that business, well also been improvement 400 basis points year-to-year and 180 sequentially, is that just the leverage on the revenues or anything else worth highlighting there?
William N. Scheffel: I would just say thats a favorable performance that I mentioned in several of the units to makeup the service revenue component. 
A. J. Rice: Okay and then I might just finally say on the proposed rule out of CMS related to Medicaid managed care, I know you guys have generally been supportive of that. We did note that Medicaid health plans of America seems to be the one of the trade associations seems to be expressing some concern, almost seems like its more a question just whether they think CMS should be promulgated to rule as opposed to specifics but I wondered if there is any update and you are thinking on that whole situation?
Michael F. Neidorff: I think our response to this one in yesterday so I dont want to front run the CMS on it. But on balance we are still very comfortable with what we are doing. Now we can see some balance regulations here and we particularly like the actuarial soundness being reaffirmed and by rates but we think thats a very constructive important change. So unbalanced I am going to leave it at that until we get our full reports but we agree with most of what's there. 
A. J. Rice: Okay, great. Thanks a lot. 
Operator: The next question is from Dave Windley of Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
David Styblo: Good morning, it is Dave Styblo in for Windley. First question just kind of wanted to take a step back and go back to your Investor Day. I think you guys spoke to premium service revenue, at that time your line of sight were growing to $24 billion plus, so I think that translates into something like mid to high teens top line growth. I am wondering about the bottom line or EPS growth, do you guys think that you can grow faster than that as business matures from next year and you gain more scale or are there going to be some other mitigating factors or offsets that might take that EPS growth more in line or even slower than the top line?
Michael F. Neidorff: I think, I will start and Bill will add to it. It is going to be a matter of product mix, timing, and different factors. Obviously as the business matures we would expect to see some margin expansion in existing businesses. But it is once again the mix of new products coming in. Anything you want to add. 
William N. Scheffel: Well typically at our Investor Day in June we try to give some idea about the visibility we have on growth for 2016 on the premium service revenue line level. We dont really get into the earnings per share numbers. At that point in time we try to wait till will get 2016 guidance on that. But clearly we would expect to have a reasonable percentage growth in earnings that were going over at the top line. 
David Styblo: Sure, okay. And then just kind of taking a look at the DC peak here, I know it is flat sequentially but just as I look at the claims or payables tier you are up 7% sequentially. Premiums were up 9%, it could be the influence of what happened so, can you give us little bit more insight as to why the premiums are growing a little bit slower than the -- little bit slower than the payables there?
William N. Scheffel: I think there is nothing particularly special there. At any point in time at the end of any quarter there is certain amount that is in transition set to pay or just pay things like that. So, I wouldnt draw any particular conclusions in those relationships. 
David Styblo: Okay, thanks. 
Operator: Our next question is from Sarah James of Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead. 
Sarah James: Thank you. SG&A came in better than I had expected, can you talk a little bit about what helped you in the quarter and then as you look forward if we take out the $0.05 business expansion cost so maybe SG&A would have been closer to 7.3, how does that compare to how you view Centene's long-term opportunity given the fixed cost leverage as you grow your revenue?
William N. Scheffel: I think that the G&A ratio for the quarter was 8.5% which was consistent with the first quarter, consistent with our expectations. I think we talked at the Investor Day about the business expansion cost being in the $0.50 range a year, of $0.25 range now that is presplit. But as a percentage of our revenue it was continuing to decrease. We had a slide on that. We believe that, that's a necessary element of our growth and would continue forever so to speak in the sense of having those business expansion cost as we incurred a lot of cost prior to the time we start the revenue generation particularly in de-novos and new states. So, that is just an ongoing part of the business we would expect to have. We do expect that as we continue to grow our G&A, the scale will be that the G&A ratio will fall and we showed I think some of the components of that also at our Investor Day to show that the core G&A has continued to fall over the last several years. And we believe that will continue to some level. It will tail off at some point because you will reach sort of the limitations there.
Sarah James: And in the quarter was there anything specific that helped you on SG&A in the second quarter?
William N. Scheffel: No, I dont think there is anything, any unusual items in the quarter from that regard. 
Sarah James: And last question here, as we think about RSPs on the horizon, North Carolina was one of the largest 10 billion we were estimating and I know that the state was waiting for the slow [ph] ruling before deciding whether or not to move forward and I am just wondering now that we are past so does Centene's discussion for the state there was a sense of whether or not conversion to managed care was still on the table and what type of time frames we could see some movement?
Michael F. Neidorff: Jesse, you are closest to it. 
Jesse N. Hunter: Yes, Sarah this is Jesse. I think that we talked a little bit at Investor Day about kind of we havent got the range of stages of participation. Various states are thinking about Medicaid managed care. I think we had a reference to North Carolina as one of the states that is in the earlier stages. So, I think that's why I would continue to have characterized it. So I think there is, we do believe there is kind of longer term opportunity there but there is a lot of pieces that need to come into place in order for that -- opportunity really come to fruition. But as you said it is a meaningful opportunity and one that is still is high on our radar. 
Sarah James: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question is from Brian Wright of Sterne Agee CRT. Please go ahead. 
Brian Wright: Thanks, good morning. Two real quick questions, just to clarify so the premium taxes in the first quarter were elevated because of the hospital assessment pass our payments, is that right?
William N. Scheffel: Yes, they were higher in the first quarter by 48 million compared to the second quarter, those are all pass throughs. 
Brian Wright: And then just lastly on your -- when you guys report your statutory results you have a profit load from the corporate parent that you push down to the statutory sub, is that right?
William N. Scheffel: We have a management fee which is used at the statutory level. But one other thing too I think when people look at statutory financials I think they need to also be thinking about how the statutory accounting works for the health insurer fee in these years now. In particular for statutory purposes to help insurer fee is essentially expensed on day one in the statutory financials i.e. January 1 and then revenue was recognized ratably through the quarters. So there is that mismatch on an interim basis on the statutory financials that I think people should take into consideration. 
Brian Wright: Great, thank you. 
Michael F. Neidorff: Thank you Brian.
Operator: Our next question is from Chris Rigg of Susquehanna Financial Group. Please go ahead.
Chris Rigg: Good morning, just wanted to follow up on a question from earlier with regard to the duals, when you guys talk about pressure from providers or the beneficiaries to opt out of the Medicare side, are we really talking about post the Q providers and if thats the case is it primarily nursing homes or home holder, how do we think about where the pressure is coming from?
Michael F. Neidorff: I think some of the whole series and any of the providers you can find at different times providing that pressure. And I think thats why we are working so hard on the education side to let them know that we really are going to make things better and easier and less complicated for them because of what we do. We have  our case and other systems that are really model medical management system that can serve them very well and thats the approach we are taking. And I think in Ohio our opt out rates were around 32%. 
Chris Rigg: Right around that a little bit north of that.
Michael F. Neidorff: It is coming down a little bit so well continue to work at it and its a long process, its not an instant fix. 
Chris Rigg: Okay and well just around the duals, maybe this is obvious when I look at the 19,700 enrollees is that net of the opt out or is the opt out a component of 19,700. 
Michael F. Neidorff: Thats net. 
Chris Rigg: Okay and then just on the MTR guidance I know it wasnt a major tweak but its still not crystal clear why you took it down 10 basis points, can you elaborate on that a little bit? Thanks a lot. 
William N. Scheffel: Sure, we lowered our HBR guidance ratio by 10 basis points on each end as our estimates for the HBR for the year are a little lower than they were maybe at the beginning of the year and felt that was appropriate. 
Michael F. Neidorff: And when you do like it, you try to give your best off at that point in time. 
Chris Rigg: Okay, alright. Great, get it. Thanks a lot. 
Operator: Our next question is from Gary Taylor of J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead. Mr. Taylor your line is open. 
Gary Taylor: I am sorry. Can you hear me? 
Michael F. Neidorff: Yes. 
Gary Taylor: Okay, great, thanks. Just a few quick questions; first, I wanted to see if you were still expecting the Iowa contract awards to come out either this week or next?
Michael F. Neidorff: Jesse?
Jesse N. Hunter: Yes, our understanding just again based on either publicly available information is that the state would intend to make an award in the middle of August. 
Gary Taylor: Okay, middle of August, okay. 
Michael F. Neidorff: But we have already seen enough that now these dates are movable fees to time. 
Gary Taylor: Okay, fair enough. I had a quick question since I wasnt following you a year ago, when we look at the second quarter of 2014, the specialty services health benefit ratios was really low, look kind of outlier low, out of trend even with respect to where 2014 was running. So I am assuming there were some unusual revenue in the segment maybe that was driving that, is there a quick explanation for that?
William N. Scheffel: I think in some of our businesses there were two things, one our individual health business historical consult to get favorable results in that period and we also had some favorable adjustments in one of our Arizona businesses. 
Gary Taylor: Okay and then last question maybe for Michael, just try to slide something in here. At Investor Day you had talked about feeling you were at a point of decisive scale to pursue international expansion. I am just wondering if there is any change in the thinking there given the size of the pending Health Net acquisition?
Michael F. Neidorff: We continue down the track of our international expansion in a very methodical, responsible way and it took things very well. Anything you want to add to me. 
Unidentified Company Representative: No, I would just say that we are continuing as planned and we continue to look for opportunities that makes sense for us and thats what our current plan is. 
Gary Taylor: Okay, thank you. 
Michael F. Neidorff: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question is from Andy Schenker of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Andrew Schenker: Thanks, good morning. So just following up on the low HBR guidance. At the Analyst Day you suggested you saw some favorable medical cost trends in the second quarter and you werent assuming those would carry over into the second half of the year. Does the update outlook now assume utilization benefit does carry forward or is that still potential upside in the second half of the year and one month into the third quarter have you seen utilization remain at lower levels? 
William N. Scheffel: Well our guidance numbers are expected HBR for the whole year for 12 months. And so what weve seen in the first half is the normal seasonality first quarter, you have flu second quarter, absence of flu and lower cost. Second half of the year we would expect to be in the range that we provided. I think that we are not necessarily expecting it to be much lower given what the second quarter is usually our more favorable quarter. But well wait and see at this point. 
Andrew Schenker: Okay and then maybe just following up on your other comments and services revenue, its safe to assume that 490 is a good run rate for the second half of the year or is there any seasonality of that business and then thinking about it going forward should it really be growing in line with membership at this point or are there other - that could cause them to accelerate in these levels of things?
William N. Scheffel: Thats a reasonable level for the second half of the year it can be a little choppy from quarter to quarter depending on a couple of different things. But I think that thats the normal run rate. There is less correlation between total memberships at times in some of those businesses. So I wouldnt totally use that as my predictor. 
Andrew Schenker: Okay and just one last one real quick on the number of employees, they jump by another thousand people this quarter. Is that tied just to membership growth in general or is that maybe the Agate and Fidelis acquisitions or staffing ahead of Health Net, any clue there would be helpful? Thank you. 
Michael F. Neidorff: Its really just -- Agate has its employees and well continue to support that as appropriate. But the way that business is growing we said it was up 39%, 38% so you can expect the employment pace to grow. 
William N. Scheffel: I think that increase is relatively consistent from quarter-to-quarter. We provide the last five quarters in our press release in terms of employees and you can see a steady increase every quarter. 
Andrew Schenker: Okay, thank you. 
Operator: The next question is from Ana Gupte of Leerink Partners. Please go ahead. 
Ana Gupte: Yes, thanks, good morning. Following up on the Florida rates yesterday Magellan has said that they are including it in the guidance and its just my understanding and I could be wrong that they were eluding to a broader rate increase in the mid single digits and then for there  mainly population in low to mid but doesnt sound like you are baking in anything or expecting anything. Am I misunderstanding something that they are saying because we are clearly including our ratings based on that guidance?
William N. Scheffel: Our guidance includes expected rate increase in Florida for September 1, which is -- it is greater than 0 to 1 average for the whole company. But still thats still in discussion stage on several fronts. So we dont want to give specific numbers. 
Ana Gupte: So then might be some upside based on your discussion, is that how relations need it?
Michael F. Neidorff: I mean we are not going to say something that we can forecast downside on but we try to put realistic numbers in our guidance and what we have in now we think is a realistic expectation and I agree not paid attention what others really like. 
Ana Gupte: Okay, alright. Thats helpful and secondly on Georgia can you give us an update on when that contract award is expected and one of the parties sitting has said that essentially they are negotiating for the fourth potential add to get more than just the auto assigned membership, is there any change in how the RFP has been contemplated? 
Jesse N. Hunter: Hi Ana, it is Jesse. So I dont think we can comment on what other people are talking about with respect to other people trying to enter the market. I think we continue to be standby our performance in that contract over the last number of years and the quality of our response. And I think on the first part the timing is always a little bit open but we do expect sometime I think August is probably the best window that we would communicate at this point for anticipated award. 
Ana Gupte: Okay, thanks. Thats helpful and finally just following up on Andys question on trend, any comments on what type of utilization you are seeing in your general population as far as the maturity and so on and how that compares to whatever degree you do service -- and exchanges?
Michael F. Neidorff: I said in my prepared remarks that we anticipate the trends to remain stable. 
Ana Gupte: Okay, so no change at all, alright. And how is that compared to public exchanges and expansion, any color at all?
Michael F. Neidorff: I think we just look at across the whole book of business and we see it as a stable business, they were trend. 
Ana Gupte: Alright, thanks so much. Appreciate it. 
Operator: Our next question is from Christopher Benassi of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Matthew Borsch: Hey, its actually sorry its Matt Borsch. Just a question at a very high level whats your outlook for the potential for more states to join the ACA Medicaid expansion between now and the November 2015 election?
Michael F. Neidorff: I think a lot of states look at it. Its really a political thing between the governors and their legislators and I think trying to hazard how many are going to do would be a little foolhardy going into a national election on the 16th. 
Matthew Borsch: Fair enough and just secondly you got a question earlier and I appreciate your comment on the timing for the statutory financials on expensing of the insurer fee but when we look back at full year 2014 and I think 2013 as well, was we aggregate all the statutory subs, we come up to an aggregate loss versus obviously profit that you report at consolidated level for those time periods. My understanding from a little bit of guidance from you guys have said a lot of it relates to the specialty subs are the ones capturing that profit, is that the right way to look at it or is it really more the management fee?
Michael F. Neidorff: Its a combination with the management fees in there and that has a lot to do with weve talked about historically. 
Matthew Borsch: Okay, thank you. 
Operator: That concludes todays question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Neidorff for any closing remarks.
Michael F. Neidorff: Well, thank you. We appreciate your interest and look forward to talking to you at the end of Q3. Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending todays presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Ed Kroll  Senior Vice President, Finance and Investor Relations Michael Neidorff  Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer Bill Scheffel  Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Jesse Hunter  Executive Vice President and Chief Business Development Officer Rone Baldwin  Executive Vice President, Insurance Group Business Unit
Analysts: Josh Raskin - Barclays Steve Baxter - Bank of America Brian Wright - Sterne, Agee Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Andy Schenker - Morgan Stanley Peter Costa - Wells Fargo Securities Matt Borsch - Goldman Sachs Ana Gupte - Leerink Partners Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Dave Windley - Jefferies Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Centene Corporation First Quarter 2015 Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ed Kroll, Senior Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Ed Kroll: Thank you, Denise, and good morning, everyone. Im Ed Kroll, SVP of IR for Centene Corporation. Thank you for joining our first quarter of 2015 earnings call. Michael Neidorff, Centene's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Bill Scheffel, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Centene will host this morning's call. The call is expected to last about 45 minutes and may also be accessed through our website at centene.com. A replay will be available shortly after the calls completion, also at centene.com, or by dialing 877-344-7529 in the U.S. and Canada, or in other countries by dialing 412-317-0088. The playback number for both of those calls is 10061838. Any remarks that Centene may make about future expectations, plans, and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provision under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in Centene's most recently filed Form 10-Q dated today April 28, 2015 and our other public SEC filings. Centene anticipates that subsequent events and developments will cause its estimates to change. While the company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. As a reminder, our next Investor Day is Friday, June 12, 2015, in New York City. Please mark your calendars. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Michael Neidorff. Michael?
Michael Neidorff: Thank you, Ed. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining Centene's first quarter 2015 earnings call.  We were pleased to have started 2015 with another successful quarterly performance marked by exceptional top- and bottom-line growth. We expect this momentum to continue throughout the year and are raising our 2015 financial guidance accordingly. Bill will provide details on our enhanced outlook. During the course of this mornings call, we will discuss our strong first quarter results and provide update on Centenes market and products. I will begin with first quarter highlights. We added 1.4 million members compared to the first quarter of 2014. This represents a 44% increase to 4.4 million beneficiaries. First quarter premium and service revenues grew 42% year-over-year to $4.8 billion. The HBR increased 50 basis points year-over-year to 89.8%. This reflects an increase in the higher acuity membership as well as a higher flu cost, compared to last years relatively mild flu season. Importantly, this fell within our planning assumptions and guidance. Bill will deliver further HBR detail, including new and existing business mix. Overall, we continue to see as well as anticipate stable medical cost trends. We recorded first quarter diluted earnings per share of $0.52, compared to $0.29 in last years first quarter. I would like to note that the ACA health insurer fee had no impact on the first quarter 2015 earnings as we have secured agreement with our state for 100% of the fee on a grossed up basis. Now on to market and product update. First, we will discuss recent Medicaid activity. Louisiana, we added over 200,000 full risk members in the first quarter as the state transitioned out of a shared saving ASO model. At March 31, we had approximately 360,000 recipients in Louisiana, which is above the high-end of our prior guidance of 320,000 to 350,000. Centene is now the largest Medicaid managed care organization in the state. Indiana, in February, we commenced operations under the states new program Healthy Indiana Plan 2.0. This contract is proceeding according to plan. We expect membership to continue to increase throughout 2015. Separately, in April, Centene began serving ABD beneficiaries in Indiana under the states new Hoosier Care Connect Program. Texas, in February, we successfully re-secured our exclusive Foster Care contract intent. At March 31, Centene served approximately 30,000 children under this program. Centene created this innovative product with Texas in 2008 to meet the specific health care needs of a vulnerable population. Since that time, we have served over 100,000 Foster Care beneficiaries in this space. Also, this quarter, Texas began carving and nursing facilities benefit for its STAR+PLUS program. Missouri, in March, Centene was selected to continue serving Medicaid beneficiaries in Missouri. As part of the states reprocurement process, this contract is expected to begin in the third quarter. At the end of the first quarter, we served over 75,000 members in Missouri. Moving on to duals. At March 31, we served 12,600 members across our dual demonstration contracts in Illinois, Ohio, South Carolina, and Texas. We are now reporting our dual membership as individuals who receive both Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries through a Centene health plan. For year-end 2014, we noted approximately 16,000 duals. This included Ohio beneficiaries receiving Medicaid, but not Medicare through a Centene health plan. Overall, these contracts are performing in line with our projections. For example, this includes an approximate 30% opt out rate in Ohio. We expect our Michigan dual program to begin in the second quarter. Next, Centurion. Last week, Centurion was recommended for an award to provide correctional healthcare services to 17,000 individuals incarcerated in Mississippi. Operations are expected to commence in the third quarter of 2015. This is Centurions fifth state correctional program. Now, Health Insurance Marketplace. Marketplace membership doubled in the first quarter. At March 31, we served approximately 162,000 members in select regions across 11 states. Please note, this is the membership level at the conclusion of the open enrollment period. Membership will likely diminish slightly throughout the course of 2015. Over 90% of these beneficiaries were subsidy eligible consistent with Centenes marketplace strategy. The demographics remain in line with our pricing. A quick comment on international, we are pleased with our investments in Spain and the UK, also proceeding as expected. We continue to look for additional international opportunities particularly in Spain. Shifting gears, our rate outlook, we continue to project a 2015 composite rate adjustment of flat to 1%. In conclusion, first quarter results offer further evidence of Centenes financial strength and operating capabilities. Centenes pipeline of future opportunities remain robust. We continue to explore new growth and diversification prospects both domestically and internationally, while maintaining focus on margins. We look forward to seeing you at our June 12 Investor Day in New York City. Thank you for your interest in Centene. Bill will now provide further details on our first quarter financial results. Bill?
Bill Scheffel: Thank you, Michael, and good morning. Our first quarter results are consistent with the growth rate we have experienced over the last several years. Membership increased 44% year-over-year, an increase of almost 1.4 million members, and our premium and service revenues increased 42% year-over-year totaling $4.8 billion. The revenue increase between years of $1.4 billion is a result of a full quarters impact this year from expansions and new programs in 2014 in a number of our states, particularly Florida, Illinois, and Ohio. We increased our full risk membership in Louisiana this quarter as the new contract began, which eliminated the shared savings program and we converted 200,000 of these members to the at-risk program. In the first quarter, we also began serving additional members in Indiana for the Healthy Indiana Plan 2.0 program and we began covering nursing facility benefits in Texas.  Service revenue increased 64% year-over-year primarily from our carrier health specialty pharmacy business. During the quarter, we received an agreement in California for the full reimbursement of the health insurer fee on a grossed up basis for income taxes. We now have agreements going forward in all of our states for reimbursement of the health insurer fee. The consolidated health benefits ratio this quarter was 89.8%, an increase of 50 basis points over both last years first quarter and the fourth quarter of 2014. The increase year-over-year is primarily due to the increase in higher acuity membership, which carries a higher health benefits ratio and a lower G&A ratio and higher flu cost this year, when compared to our relatively mild season last year. The increase from the fourth quarter is primarily seasonal as the first quarter is typically our highest HBR quarter. In the first quarter, approximately 23% of our revenues were from new business compared to 20% in the first quarter of 2014. The HBR for new business was 91.0%, compared to 89.5% from existing business. Our general and administrative expense ratio was 8.5% this quarter, compared to 8.8% in Q1 of 2014 and 8.2% in Q4 of 2014. The 30 basis point decrease year-over-year reflects additional scale this year and the incurrence of acquisition transaction cost for U.S. medical management in Q1 of last year. Business expansion cost, excluding the acquisition transaction cost totaled $0.06 this year, compared to $0.03 from last years first quarter. Investment income was $9 million for Q1 and interest expense was $10 million. During the first quarter, we issued $200 million of additional 4.75% senior notes and simultaneously entered into $200 million of interest rate swap agreements, which have an interest rate of 2.88%, plus the three-month LIBOR. The effective income tax rate was 49.2% in Q1, compared to 51.5% last year. The relatively higher tax rates are due to the non-deductibility of the health insurance fee. Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations was $0.52 this year, compared to $0.29 last year. Last years number included a $0.11 impact from the health insurance fee and transaction cost. Diluted shares outstanding were 122.6 million shares for this year, compared to 118.7 million shares in Q1 last year. Cash, investments and restricted deposits totaled $3 billion at March 31, including $97 million held by unregulated entities. For risk based capital, we continue to maintain capital in the excess of 350% of the authorized control level, excluding any interim statutory impact related to the health insurance fee. Our medical claims liability was almost $2 billion at March 31, and represented 45.5 days in claims payable. Our total debt was $1.1 billion at quarter-end, including $125 million of borrowings under our revolving credit agreement. Our debt-to-capital ratio, excluding our $69 million non-recourse mortgage note was 36.6%, compared to 31.7% at year-end. Cash flow from operations was $45 million, which was 0.7 times net earnings. This is a lower level than we have been running, primarily as a result of one-state changing the timing of their payment to us. This resulted in our receiving only two monthly capitation payments during the quarter. Going forward we will receive three payments each quarter. Our 2015 guidance numbers have been updated to reflect our first quarter performance. For the full year 2015, we expect premium and service revenues of $20.5 billion to $21 billion, diluted earnings per share $2.60 to $2.72, consolidated health benefits ratio of 89.2% to 89.6%, G&A expense ratio 8.0% to 8.4%, effective income tax rate of 48% to 50%, and diluted shares outstanding of 123 million to 124 million shares. As has been our policy, our guidance numbers do not include any impact from acquisitions, which have not yet closed. Lastly, our business expansion costs are estimated to be between $0.22 to $0.25 per share for this year. This concludes my remarks and operator you may now open the line for questions. 
Operator: Thank you, Sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Josh Raskin of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Josh Raskin: Hi, thanks. Just skimming to the Q, I just want to confirm, it looks like there was a $10 million benefit from the Louisiana transaction and then I saw $10 million for charitable contributions to foundation. Is it fair to say those were offsetting and no impact to the P&L together?
Bill Scheffel: I think thats correct.
Josh Raskin: Okay. Okay. Second question, on the commercial revenues, your health insurance exchange membership came in a little bit stronger than we were looking for. Are you guys still below the 2% threshold for the deductibility of compensation expense?
Michael Neidorff: Yes, we are still below in our plans forecast and our approach to it. So its continuing to be below 2%.
Josh Raskin: Okay. And maybe that as you trail down through the rest of the year, is that sort of fair to say?
Michael Neidorff: Yeah, there is various ways we approach it and we are ensuring that we do stay below it.
Josh Raskin: Okay. Thank you, Michael. And then just last one on sort of RFP pipeline and any changes in guidance, the revenues are up a couple of hundred million bucks. Is any of that a change in your assumptions around your underlying business or is that just sort of Centurion and things that youve announced, I guess maybe just oppose that with how the current RFP pipeline look?
Michael Neidorff: Bill, do you want to comment on the [indiscernible]?
Bill Scheffel: I think our guidance increases generally reflecting the impact of several of the outstanding RFPs we had at the end of the year were the reprocurements. Those were all now baked into our guidance, Arizona, Missouri, and the Texas Foster Care and a few other changes that weve had an update from that point in time. So, Ill let Jesse speak to the open RFP.
Jesse Hunter: Yeah, Josh, I would speak to just  as it relates to the cycle, there were number of RFPs that are in process right now. Once those come to their natural conclusion and we will reflect those in our results accordingly.
Josh Raskin: Okay. But you are assuming like existing business like Georgia et cetera, I assume youve just got an assumption of reprocurement. I mean, Im curious if Ohio was [ph] in there or anything else?
Bill Scheffel: So, Georgia would not really impact 2015, I think thats a July 2016 effective date. So I think that with respect to the remainder of the year, we are not anticipating any changes in terms of particular wins or losses in our guidance numbers.
Michael Neidorff: If we go after the new state assembly, we never included those. Its one rewarded and we dont comment on until the state announces that particular [indiscernible]. 
Josh Raskin: Okay. Alright, perfect, thanks.
Michael Neidorff: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from Kevin Fischbeck of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Steve Baxter: Hi, this is actually Steve Baxter on for Kevin. I was hoping you could talk about the performance of the Florida MMA and Long Term Care Programs. I guess can you talk about your progress in managing medical cost lower since the launch of these contracts? And I guess whether you see a path towards sustainable margin in these businesses without receiving a rate increase from the state?
Michael Neidorff: Well, we continue to  Ill let Rone and others add to it. We continue working effectively with the state. We are looking at the rate side as well, but obviously, where you can see from the guidance we continue to believe we will achieve our goals there in that market. Anything you want to add, Rone?
Rone Baldwin: Well, we always anticipate a level of pressure with respect to the HBR in the initial year of our program and thats something that we expect. We saw that with the LTC program and we saw working with the state getting to a more appropriate place with respect to the program. We are seeing similar pressure in the MMA program and its something thats actively been discussed among all the plans in Florida and the state of Florida as well.
Steve Baxter: And is there
Jesse Hunter: Were optimistic that this  weve had a long history in Florida. Theyve been a good partner to work with. As Rone indicated, Long Term Care was resolved last year particularly in the fourth quarter and we would expect in 2015 to have similar changes impacting the MMA program.
Steve Baxter: Okay. Now that makes sense, I guess has there been any update on the discussion around the formulary in Florida, because it seems like that would be a potentially painless way for the state to come up with a fix without necessarily having to budget more money?
Michael Neidorff: We talk about it, but as was the case last year, our guidance and budgeting includes the formulary as it is today. And if we affect any changes, we can reflect that, but as it is conservative and appropriate to not plan on one at this time.
Steve Baxter: Okay thanks and then I guess in terms of the composite rate update of 0% to 1% is there an assumption in there for Florida?
Michael Neidorff: Well it is a mix of all the plans to what amount, but 
Bill Scheffel : Weve not anticipated in the guidance numbers any significant change in the MMA program for 2015. Weve included in our guidance and where we are right now, and so we will wait and see how that progresses during the course of the year. 
Steve Baxter: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question will come from Brian Wright of Sterne, Agee. Please go ahead.
Brian Wright: Thanks good morning. I apologize if I missed this, but did you quantify the impact of flu on the quarter?
Bill Scheffel : We didnt put specific dollars in there. I think that from our perspective we really have, last year the 13, 14 season was a relatively mild season. We anticipated in our guidance that we would have a more average flu season and I think what we probably had was slightly above average, but within our range of expectations and estimates that we had for flu during the course of this current year. So, I think from our standpoint we dont really want to quantify specific numbers, others say was within our range of expectations. 
Brian Wright: Okay. And then, so how do we think about see  historically borrowing product mix, historically the second quarter has been a better quarter than the first quarter, is that  I would expect kind of given where flu was this year that this year that trend would continue, is there any reason to not think that that would occur. 
Michael Neidorff : Typically the first quarter is our highest cost quarter and so we have seen that year-after-year, so
Brian Wright: Okay. And then just one last follow-up if I can, the sequential increase in the services revenue, how much of that was, you told us primarily that year-over-year increase in services was a carrier, was most of the sequential increase that carry as well?
Bill Scheffel : Yes.
Brian Wright: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Sarah James of Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead. 
Sarah James: Thank you. As some of the complex care contracts anniversary and move into the existing business line, how should we think about what an appropriate existing MLR looks like in 2015 to 2017?
Michael Neidorff : I think that the first year obviously has been running higher. We think this is going to run closer to our longer term expectations by the time you get into the second year, but the complex care products are rated generally at a higher HBR up unto the low 90s in most cases. So, we would expect that we would have that normal progression. We give you our health benefits ratio guidance of 89.2% to 89.6%, we feel thats a good number for the whole year on a blended basis without trying to break that into a complex care and everything else. But we do expect as weve added more complex care. So we will start rolling over into be existing business, but it wont have a dramatic impact in our overall HBR other than what we show in our guidance. 
Sarah James: Got it. And wonder if your peers, roll-out their Medicaid revenue guidance based on those opt-out turning higher than expected, can you speak to how opt-out levels are trending in your market and how that compares to your expectation?
Michael Neidorff: Bill you want to make a comment on this?
Bill Scheffel: Opt-out has affected us in our dual demonstration programs really in Ohio with this point and as Michael mentioned, our opt-out rate in his opening comments, our opt-out rate was 30% which was approximately 30%, which was very much in-line with our expectations. So, our experience with opt-out has been very much in accordance with what our projections were at this point?
Sarah James: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Andy Schenker of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Andy Schenker: Thanks good morning. Maybe if you could just talk about obviously you gave the flat to 1%, but within that any views on the price declines for expansion rate, if you guys have less exposure than maybe some of our peers expansions there?
Michael Neidorff : Yeah, I think we have to be recognizing that this ongoing discussions with a lot of states is probably prudent to not get too specific on any one state to indicate what our expectations are.
Bill Scheffel: I think the one thing that I would mention is, on the Medicaid expansion business, in many of the states it started out with relatively high rates, but it had a minimum HBR. So whats happened and we had to accrue for the minimum, so to the extent that they reduced rates, it also reduced the amount that we have to pay back to the states for the minimum. So I dont think overall its going to have much of an impact on our overall rate increase number because we were already accruing for that payback.
Andy Schenker: Okay, thats helpful. Maybe change of direction here, since [indiscernible] announced another win in that program here, maybe if you could just talk to us a little bit more about how we should think about that business longer term here, the type of margin potential and it sounds like RFP is coming to market at a faster rate versus maybe your original expectations or how should we think about those opportunities coming to market? Thank you.
Michael Neidorff: Jesse?
Jesse Hunter: So, thanks for the question. Obviously, we are excited about the momentum on the correctional space with our fifth contract. And one of the things that weve looked at from the beginning is, in the context of our  broadening our offerings for our state customers, I think Mississippi is a good example of that where we already have a strong presence in that market. But there are  I think the reason we are going after these opportunities, there is a number of states that either have correctional programs that are coming up for bid or these services are changing or states on current departments of corrections that are moving in that general direction. So we are seeing what, I would call, a strong momentum in that area. Thats a subset of the pipeline that is, Id say, quite active at this point and we are fortunate to be successful in that. To your other question, these are going to be relatively smaller. Its not going to be the same size as, say, our health plan contracts by example. But we do think that there are some of the pricing dynamics that we talk more generally about our 3% to 5% pre-tax margin objectives. Weve had reason to believe in our initial experience that we can achieve that in the correctional space as well.
Andy Schenker: And then, just a quick follow-up on that. How do you guys consider this business, as a government business, commercial business, does it apply to the de minimis rule?
Jesse Hunter: Yeah, we definitely would consider this to be a government business.
Andy Schenker: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Peter Costa of Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Peter Costa: Hi, just like to get a little more clarity on the $11 per member per month drop in revenue sequentially from fourth quarter to the first quarter. You think with the higher acuity business that would be going higher or was there some one-time items in either the fourth quarter or the first quarter that caused that to drop?
Jesse Hunter: It takes a couple of things. In the fourth quarter, we received some additional revenue in Florida on Long Term Care and a few other things which sort of raised the PMPM number in the fourth quarter. And in Q1, we also added a large membership in Louisiana for two months, which ends up showing a lower PMPM when you do that calculation. So there is nothing unusual in there.
Michael Neidorff: Its a timing mix.
Peter Costa: And rate had no impact on that, really the 0% to 1% rate is relatively true for the first quarter here?
Michael Neidorff: Yes.
Bill Scheffel: Yes.
Peter Costa: Okay. And any updates on Kentucky and whats going on there, if you dont mind?
Michael Neidorff: Well, as weve said many times, we dont comment on litigation, so it continues to wind its way through the various courts. And as promised, its going to take some time.
Peter Costa: Okay. Thanks.
Michael Neidorff: I might add we are still optimistic.
Operator: Our next question will come from Matt Borsch of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Matt Borsch: Yes. Hi, I might have missed this earlier in the call, but can you talk about the 3Rs and I realize its not a big business for you, but have you finished  it looked like from the state insurance report, you did actually quite well on the exchanges in terms of underwriting results at least based on Celtic. So can you address that and then how you are treating the 3Rs to come into 2015?
Bill Scheffel: Sure. I think that with respect to 2014, we did finish out better probably than we anticipated we do. And based on the information that we have and our estimations on risk adjustment for example, we estimate there will be a payer and we will have to pay back in, same thing on the risk corridor. And there is a footnote in our 10-Q on the amounts that we have as receivables and payables for December 31 and March 31, and so you can look there for additional detail. And so, we think that in 2015, its early to have any solid predictions for the year, but right now, based on our current estimates, were assuming we will be in a similar position on risk adjustment given we have a similar membership and the characteristics of the membership that weve added in the states of the same.
Michael Neidorff: And those numbers have been approved. So
Bill Scheffel: Yeah, its all
Michael Neidorff: [indiscernible] footnote. All these numbers are included, so there is no impact on the recorded earnings.
Matt Borsch: Got it. And maybe on a separate level, can you give us some sense of how many of your states youre running up against  or I should say, for full year 2014, you were running up against points where you needed to payback rebates? And Im sorry, if you disclosed this information already.
Jesse Hunter: I dont think we get into level of detail by state, but generally, I would say, most, if not all.
Matt Borsch: Okay.
Michael Neidorff: We feel pretty consistent in that.
Jesse Hunter: Yeah.
Matt Borsch: Alright. Alright, thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Ana Gupte of Leerink Partners. Please go ahead.
Ana Gupte: Yeah, thanks, good morning. So the first question is about your G&A. You came in at 8.8%, but you are reiterating 8% to 8.4%. Im curious about how those synergies are playing out with your CHS transaction in Louisiana, and if thats the driver of your guidance reiteration? And then going beyond that, if this OpEx leverage as your growing membership in existing states and shifting next to lower G&A products, what is your normalized G&A likely to be and when might you get there?
Bill Scheffel: Sure. I think for the first quarter, our G&A rate was 8.5% and our guidance for the whole year is 8.0% to 8.4%. So I think typically what happens in the first quarter, we are making our normal estimates for the whole year i.e. one fourth of the estimate [ph] for lot of items. In the fourth quarter, those accrued up to actual when you get to the end of the year. So I think we are probably a little more conservative in the first quarter on the G&A, then we might  which will play out during the course of the year. And I think that weve also got additional revenues coming on during the course of the year. The membership for example in Louisiana was only there for two months in the first quarter as opposed to the whole quarter. And so that will have an impact  slight impact to the rest of the year also.
Ana Gupte: Okay. Thanks. So it sounds like you make 8.2%, but 8.2% your floor or can you get below that going forward? On the midpoint basis, with all the?
Bill Scheffel: I think there is a lot of different things that go into that in terms of additions in other types of business that we have, so that the mix can be an important element of that. But generally, when we peal back some of the nonrecurring items, lets say, we are seeing a definite improvement in our G&A ratio and reduction as we gain leverage with the additional revenue growth.
Ana Gupte: Okay, thanks. The second question, Im hearing again that any day this federal regulation is due for managed Medicaid and youve talked about the rates and context of MLR floors in many states. And I think one of your competitors has been talking about cross subsidization of over earning with under earning segments. What might you be expecting going forward and what are companies like you lobbying for with CMS?
Michael Neidorff: I think, we expect minimum [indiscernible] is actively engaged on those regulations and working through it and we are comfortable that the regulations that will come out as best we can estimate it to this point in time will be consistent with our expectations and guidance.
Ana Gupte: Okay, thanks. And then last one on Georgia, any update on that as far as the current RFP and then the likelihood of ABD being privatized as well?
Michael Neidorff: [indiscernible] The RFP will continue to respond to it and we have real confidence on that. Im confident on that [indiscernible] equivocally and we are very confident on it. And as far as the additional products that have been not included in the RFP at this point in time and until they do, we presume they are not. Anything you want to add, Jesse?
Jesse Hunter: No, I think thats  weve certainly been preparing for reprocurement in Georgia for a long time. We are strong believers in our performance. We are doing everything we can to retain that contract and put ourselves into position that if the programs do expand, we will be able to participate in that.
Ana Gupte: Great, thanks so much, very helpful.
Operator: Our next question will come from Chris Rigg of Susquehanna Financial. Please go ahead.
Chris Rigg: Hi good morning. I apologize if you already provided some color on this stuff, but the HPR for this sort of the traditional Medicaid chip foster care line, we you gave the detail did go up pretty meaningfully year-to-year and that looks like a slightly different trend than what we saw at the end of 2014, is there anything going on there thats notable?
Bill Scheffel: I would say that there is, you know mix comes into play in the growth that we have in some of those areas like we added in Louisiana, several hundred thousand members and so were relatively conservative in the initial estimates for a new block of business and so that continues. Nothing I would say of any great consequence that there is true-ups in the fourth quarter sometimes, but the MMA business in Florida is still running a little higher than what the original actuarial targeted rate would be that the State set that causes some increase.
Michael Neidorff: I mean there is no underlying major increase in trend. We added 200,000 in Louisiana and thats  we always built as you know new membership at a higher MMR for the first few quarters. 
Chris Rigg: Okay. Just a follow-up on one of their earlier questions related to the RFP pipeline and clearly understand sensitivity is when you are actually involved in a process and not wanting to sort of predict the outcome, but right now we sort of have visibility that Iowa is coming down the pike and I think some more smaller chunks in maybe Louisiana, but are there any notable RPFs out there that we The Street might not be aware of that are worth highlighting to people just to get a sense for what might be coming next year [indiscernible] these invisibility and something thats known to you guys, but not to us.
Michael Neidorff: Jesse?
Jesse Hunter: I would say the answer is yes, thats part of our job. Our job obviously is to create some of these opportunities that we have visibility before we can communicate those things more broadly, both for you and for competitors and others. So, I think were  I would say we continue to be very active on that front and optimistic that we will maintain momentum to create opportunities in new markets and additional opportunities in our existing markets.
Chris Rigg: Okay, alright, I will leave it at that. Thanks a lot guys.
Michael Neidorff : Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Dave Windley of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Dave Styblo: Sure, good morning. Its Dave Styblo for Windley. Couple of questions, just want to start off with your capital structure that the cap is up now to 37% since steadily rising over the last several years, just curious where you guys see that shaking out in the long-term and your appetite for continuing to put on more debt versus when you might need to tap into the equity markets if ever?
Michael Neidorff : I think that the reason that it is up in the first quarter is we had I think about $188 million of capital contributions into our subs in the first quarter. So thats a higher proportion in the first quarter than the whole, I think the whole year is around 550. So we put more than the proportion, you know the one-fourth of it in the first quarter for a number of reasons and so as a result its a little higher now, we expect it to trend downward for the rest of calendar year and I think as we say, have been doing some of the acquisitions weve been doing we include equity as a meaningful part of the consideration, one way or the other and I think we have still as a practice that we want to continue to follow. So, I think we are comfortable with where we are in the debt-to-cap ratio in the mid-30s. We expect to continue to be there, given the interest rates that make sense to be there and so thats our plan. 
Dave Styblo: Okay, and then at a conference last month, you had mentioned that your 2% to 3% net income margin, long term margin was partially depended on interest rates picking up and getting some sort of benefit from that, Im curious, how much of an impact from your call it, 1.5% level this year would be baked into that 2% to 3% goal?
Michael Neidorff : I think we said, we are looking to be in the 2% to 3%, but above the 3% over time from operations. And that additional upside beyond that would be a function of interest income. 
Dave Styblo: Okay. So the 2% to 3% doesnt  you dont need any benefit from the interest income?
Michael Neidorff: We may get some from it while we are blooming through the operation side, improving operations margins, but that 2% to 3% should be from operations.
Bill Scheffel: And none of that is baked into 2015, we are not  were considering flat rates for the year in our guidance calculations.
Dave Styblo: Okay. And then lastly just on the business expansion cost that youve reiterated, curious how do we think about these evolving over time at some point, do you  is there some sort of leverage where you are able to possibly pull that number on down or is that sort of a sustained level thats needed as you continue to reprocure business or go after new business?
Michael Neidorff: A lot of its going to be a size of the particular deal that we do. And so, its  there is many factors as we get larger, obviously, we expect more of if we can absorb [ph] it. We are also looking at other capabilities, other deals that maybe larger some point in time.
Bill Scheffel: I think weve seen the market expand over the last several years as indicated by our revenue growth. So we are a key participant in that. And so I would not expect our business expansion cost to go down. I would expect they would continue to go up and thats what drives us a large revenue increase. So I would say more the same.
Dave Styblo: Sure. Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question will come from Scott Fidel of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Scott Fidel: Thanks. First question and sorry if this has already been addressed in the prepared remarks, but where you paid yet for the Texas industry fee that you had accrued for at the end of the year and if not in the first quarter, when are you expecting to receive that payment?
Bill Scheffel: I think the plans in Texas are to pay that in the second quarter and so everything is on target for that I believe.
Scott Fidel: Okay. And then just a second question, just on the existing MLR, looks like that increased year-over-year, was that really just a function of increased flu pressure or were there some other factor worth spiking out? And then also with Florida MMA, is that included within existing business or is that included within new business in the first quarter?
Bill Scheffel: MMA is in both because we had some pretty  we already had existing business Medicaid, TANF business in Florida market before they expanded to the whole state. I think our increase year-over-year in our HBR is really driven, we said earlier, by the mix. We continue to have higher acuity membership, which drives that. And then when you are comparing first quarter this year to first quarter last year, last year was a relatively mild flu season. This year, we said it was a more normal average or slightly above average season, but it was within our expectations and guidance forecast. So, nothing unusual on that regard and typical first quarter has the higher  seasonally its the highest HBR quarter for us.
Scott Fidel: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude our question-and-answer session. I would like to hand the conference back over to Michael Neidorff for his closing remarks.
Michael Neidorff: We thank you for joining us. We look forward to seeing you June 12 in New York for our Investor Day and take care.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, the conference has now concluded. We thank you for attending todays presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-03 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Ed Kroll - SVP, Finance & IR Michael Neidorff - Chairman & CEO Bill Scheffel - EVP & CFO Jesse Hunter - Chief Business Development Officer & EVP Rone Baldwin - EVP, Insurance Group Business Unit
Analysts: Joshua Raskin - Barclays Chris Carter - Credit Suisse Michael Ha - Wedbush Securities Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Andy Schenker - Morgan Stanley Mike Newshel - JPMorgan Bo Brandt - Goldman Sachs Dave Styblo - Jefferies Shawn Bevec - Deutsche Bank Steve Baxter - Bank of America Ana Gupte - Leerink Partners Brian Wright - Sterne, Agee Tom Carroll - Stifel
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Centene Corporation Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2014 Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. After today's presentation there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions]. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ed Kroll, Senior Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Ed Kroll: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on our fourth quarter 2014 earnings call. Michael Neidorff, Centene's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Bill Scheffel, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; will host this morning's call. The call is expected to last approximately 45 minutes and may also be accessed through our website at centene.com. A replay will be available shortly after the call's completion, also at centene.com, or by dialing (877) 344-7529 in the U.S. and Canada, or in other countries by dialing (412) 317-0088. The playback code for both of these calls is 10058403. Any remarks that Centene may make about future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provision under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in Centene's most recently filed Form 10-Q dated October 28, 2014, and other public SEC filings. Centene anticipates that subsequent events and developments will cause its estimates to change. While the company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. As a reminder, our next Investor Day is Friday, June 12, 2015, in New York City. Please mark in your calendars. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Michael Neidorff. Michael?
Michael Neidorff: Thank you, Ed. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining Centene's fourth quarter and full year 2014 earnings call. During the course of this morning's call, we will review our strong 2014 performance and provide updates on Centene's markets and products, and recent M&A activity. I will begin with highlights of Centene's 2014 achievement. Our 2014 financial performance was very strong, capped off by the fourth quarter results we reported this morning. In 2014, we added 1.2 million members surpassing the 4 million mark. We grew revenues by almost 50% to $15.7 billion, and diluted EPS by 55% to $4.45. This compares favorably to our initial 2014 revenue guidance of $13.8 billion, and EPS guidance of $3.65 at the midpoint. Note that these 2014 growth rates exceed Centene's 5-year CAGR of 32% for revenue and 18% for EPS. Our shareholders benefitted from this strong financial performance, as Centene's stock increased 76% and our return on equity was 18% in 2014. Our expanding market cap placed us into the mid-cap equity category as evidenced by Centene's inclusion in the S&P 400 MidCap and Russell 1000 indices. We successfully navigated the first year of the key provision of the ACA. Centene selectively participated in Health Insurance Marketplaces in nine states. Consistent with our forecast, we secured reimbursement for 99% of the health insurer fee in 2014. We also enhanced our diversification by product and geography, including our initial entry in international markets. Centene continues to create jobs across its enterprise, the number of our employees increased by over 50% to 13,400 in 2014 alone. Over 85% of these employees are outside Centene's headquarters. This is consistent with our local approach. Next I would turn to market and product updates. First, we will discuss recent Medicaid activity. Louisiana. On February 1, we began our new statewide contract. Under this program, Centene is covering all its members on a full risk basis. We expect to be at the high-end of our prior guidance of 320,000 lives to 350,000 lives and anticipate more than doubling our revenues in Louisiana, approaching a $1 billion annual run rate. Mississippi. During the fourth quarter, we began providing services under the MississippiCAN program to TANF children. While our initial group of members were enrolled in December, most will be enrolled during the second and third quarter of 2015. Separately, we began operating under a new contract serving CHIP beneficiaries in Mississippi during January, 2015. Texas. The state will begin carving a nursing home services with STAR+PLUS programs on March 1. This will be in addition to the home and community based services Centene currently provides its STAR+PLUS beneficiaries. Indiana. In December, Centene was selected by the state to begin contract negotiations to serve ABD Medicaid beneficiaries under Indiana's new Hoosier Care Connect Program. This additional program would serve a total of 84,000 enrollees and will commence in the second quarter. Last week, Indiana received CMS approval for an alternative Medicaid expansion plan HIP 2.0. This membership ramp will begin in February and continue throughout 2015. We had previously included this in our 2015 guidance. Arizona. Also in December, our Behavioral Health subsidiary was selected to provide services under an expanded contract for the state's newly formed southern region. Cenpatico Integrated Care, in partnership between Cenpatico and the University of Arizona Health plan, will bring the integrated care model to members in this region. This contract is expected to commence in the fourth quarter of 2015. Moving into dual-eligible. At the end of December, we had over 16,000 members in Illinois and Ohio dual demonstration program. Passive enrollment in the Medicare coverage began in January for Ohio Medicaid members participating in the state's dual program. On February, we began our dual demonstration program in South Carolina. While initial membership is modest, we will continue to ramp up over the course of 2015. We are scheduled to begin additional dual contracts in Texas in the first quarter and Michigan in the second quarter of 2015. Now Health Insurance Marketplace. At December 31, Centene had 75,000 exchange lives. The demographics remain in line with our pricing. The financial performance of our exchange business was slightly ahead of our projections for 2014. We began participating in the Illinois and Wisconsin Health Insurance Marketplace on January 1. Early enrollment indicate we are tracking to meet our 2015 membership projections across our original nine states and two new states. Next, Centurion. We continue to successfully expand our correctional health business. On February 1, Centurion commenced its fourth contract providing medical and behavioral services in Vermont. Switching gears to recent M&A activity. Last week Centene signed a definitive agreement to acquire Agate Resources, which serves 87,000 Medicaid and 3500 Medicare advantage beneficiaries in Oregon. This transaction is expected to close in the third quarter of 2015 and be accretive in the first 12 months. Our entry into Oregon will mark Centene's 23rd state of operation. During the fourth quarter, Centene further expanded its reach in international markets. We made a small investment in the UK Health management company, The Practice. This company provides primary care to community-based and utilization management services for the National Health Service. Next, I'll provide a brief update on flu. Centene's most recent data suggest that the flu season peaked in late December. This is consistent with the CDC's finding. It is, however, too early to draw an absolute conclusion. By example, we still saw flu activity in January. While it will not impact our annual guidance, it could have a mitigating effect on the first quarter. Our Fluvention program continues to stress flu vaccination and early treatment. Besides from flu, we anticipate stable medical cost trends in 2015. Now on the Hep C or hepatitis C therapies. Our hepatitis C cost experienced in 2014 was consistent with our expectation. The net cost halved in the fourth quarter increased sequentially. This was expected as new therapies were approved. We remain engaged in constructive discussions with our states to ensure that new treatment are properly managed and are fully reflected in our reimbursements. A quick comment on rates. The 2014 composite rate adjustment was 1%, slightly better than our expectation. We continue to project a 2015 composite rate adjustment of flat to 1%. In conclusion, 2014 was a better year of profitable growth and diversification percentage. We expect to maintain positive momentum in 2015 and beyond. Centene continues to benefit from its robust pipeline of growth opportunities, while remaining focused on margin expansion. Before I turn the call over to Bill, I would like to draw your attention to the two-for-one stock split we announced this morning. This will be distributed February 19; the stock spit enhances liquidity for our shareholders in line with Centene's market cap growth. Thank you for your interest in Centene. Bill, will now provide further details on our fourth quarter and full year 2014 financial results. Bill?
Bill Scheffel: Thank you, Michel, and good morning. This morning I will cover both our fourth quarter and full year 2014 results. On the top-line for 2014, our Premium and Service revenues totaled $15.7 billion, an increase of 49% over 2013. Our fourth quarter Premium and Service revenues were $4.4 billion, a 54% increase over the fourth quarter of 2013. And on the bottom-line diluted earnings per share for 2014 was $4.45 per share compared to $2.87 for 2013, representing a 55% increase between years. And for the fourth quarter diluted earnings per share was $1.74 compared to $0.84 last year. The fourth quarter EPS this year benefited significantly from recording the full year accrual for the revenue from the Texas health insurer fee that we announced on January 2, in a separate Form 8-K. In more detail our Premium and Service revenue grew by approximately $1.6 billion in the fourth quarter year-over-year as a result of expansions in a numbers of our states between years. Full quarter revenues from California and New Hampshire, which began operations in Q4 of 2013, Health Insurance Marketplace revenue which was new in 2014, growth in the carrier health business, and revenue from U.S. Medical Management acquired at the beginning of 2014. In 2014, we benefited from approximately 201,000 members added in Medicaid expansion programs as of December 31. In addition, we experienced membership growth in traditional TANF programs of almost 200,000 members, part of which might be considered as woodwork effect related. For the full year, we recognized $195 million in health insurer fee revenue which represents 99% of the total reimbursement amount for the year. California is still in the process of providing a binding agreement for the reimbursement of the health insurer fee. And we paid $126 million for the health insurer fee in the third quarter. Our health benefits ratio was 89.3% in the fourth quarter, compared to 88.1% in last year's fourth quarter, and 89.7% in the third quarter this year. The increase of 120 basis points from last year is primarily the result of the higher level of complex care revenue which carries a higher health benefits ratio along with the higher level of flu cost incurred this year. Sequentially our health benefits ratio decreased by 40 basis points from the third to the fourth quarter. The decrease reflects favorable amounts recorded in the fourth quarter related to retroactive rate increases and revenue related to performance measures received in several states, offset by the impact of the start of flu season. For the fourth quarter, 30% of our Premium and Service revenues came from new business compared to 17% in the fourth quarter of 2013. The health benefits ratio for our new business was 89.4% and 89.2% for our existing business in the fourth quarter. The lower HBR in the fourth quarter this year for our new business is primarily the result of favorable year-to-date adjustments recorded in the fourth quarter related to our Florida long-term care business. Our general and administrative expense ratio was 8.2% in Q4 this year. This compares to 8.9% in last year's fourth quarter, and 8.0% in the third quarter. The 70 basis point decrease year-over-year is a result of additional leverage achieved related to the significant revenue growth. Sequentially, our G&A ratio increased by 20 basis points resulting from additional costs incurred in preparation for new business expansions. Business expansion costs of $0.19 were incurred in the fourth quarter and $0.59 for all of 2014. Investment and other income was $10 million in the fourth quarter compared to $5 million in the fourth quarter last year, reflecting a higher level of investment balances in our statutory insurance entities. Interest expense was $10 million in Q4 this year versus $6 million last year. The increase reflects the expense related to the $300 million of senior notes issued in the second quarter of 2014. Our effective income tax rate in the fourth quarter was 46.4% and 42.9% for all of 2014. The fourth quarter rate is consistent with our third quarter comments and reflects the non-deductible nature of the health insurer fee. The full year rate includes the benefits of approximately $0.24 per share from the reversal of amounts recorded in prior years related to the IRS rules issued in September. Diluted earnings per share was $1.74 for the fourth quarter and $4.45 for the year. This compares to $0.84 for the fourth quarter of 2013 and $2.87 for full year 2013. Our cash and investments totaled $3.1 billion, including $85 million held by unregulated entities at year-end. Our risk-based capital percentage continues to be in excess of 350% of the authorized control level. Debt at December 31 was $893 million, including $75 million of borrowings on our revolver. Our debt-to-capital ratio, excluding our non-recourse mortgage note was 32.1% at year-end compared to 32.4% at December 31, 2013. Our Medical claim liabilities totaled $1.7 billion at year-end and represented 44 days in claims payable. Our DCP number has been higher this year than normal due to the significant growth in new business. And I expect the DCP number to be more in the 39 to 43 day range in 2015, subject to the new same business impact. Cash flow from operations was $369 million in the fourth quarter and $1.2 billion for the full year. The full year amount represents 4.6 times net earnings. Our 2015 guidance numbers are the same as we presented at our Investor Day in December. Premium and Service Revenues $20.3 billion to $20.8 billion; diluted earnings per share of $5.05 to $5.35; our HBR 89.2% to 89.6%; G&A percentage of 8.0% to 8.4%; effective tax rate 48% to 50%; and diluted shares outstanding 61.5 million to 62.0 million shares. We continue to expect to be reimbursed for the health insurer fee on a grossed up basis in 2015, and business expansion costs are estimated to be between $0.45 and $0.50 for 2015. As noted in our press release the Board declared a two-for-one stock split to be distributed on February 19, to holders of record on February 12. Our Form 10-K which will be filed later this month will present all share and per share information on a split adjusted basis. With that, operator, you may now open up the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is from Joshua Raskin of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Joshua Raskin: Hi. Thanks. Good morning.
Michael Neidorff: Good morning.
Joshua Raskin: Good morning, Michael. First question just on the retroactive Florida payments. Could you quantify that just so we can get an estimate what the impact was in the fourth quarter?
Bill Scheffel: I don't think I ever gave a specific number. I think we've been working with the State of Florida for some time to try to deal with some of the long-term care rate issues, and we anticipated that we would get that concluded in the fourth quarter in our guidance numbers, and that effect in fact did occur.
Joshua Raskin: Okay. And then, I guess looking at the same store versus the new store MLR, those numbers are actually very similar this quarter, which is little bit surprising in light of the fact that the new membership I would assume is coming in, it's much higher levels of acuity and as you call it, complex care. So my guess is Florida has something to do with that. Is that impacted by the Texas reimbursement as well? I guess I'm just curious as you think about going forward, you guys had a ton of new starts in January, would you expect those MLRs to be similar going forward or would you expect divergence in 2015?
Bill Scheffel: I think that's a good question, Josh. For the fourth quarter, there is no question, for the quarter the new business HBR was much better than we would normally expect it to be because of the Florida retroactive rate increases, which went back for a whole year. So I think that going forward into 2015, we would expect to see a more normal spread between new business and existing business and which we say to be particularly 300 basis points to 500 basis points, so I would expect that to occur going-forward.
Michael Neidorff: And going forward, there will be some impact as the increasing denominator as well. So there will be that to consider.
Joshua Raskin: Okay. Then just lastly, on hep C, with some of the new therapies coming in, I'm just curious how you guys are thinking about formulary management. Are you seeing any discounts from the manufacturers? Are you guys thinking about one drug over the other?
Michael Neidorff: No, we -- we have a -- our distributor of course, the company has exclusive one of the exclusive distributors Acaria, works with all the manufactures, and so we'll take advantage of that based on what our providers are looking for. And this is a good time to remind everybody right now 90%, 90% plus of those costs we have agreements with the state for reimbursement. And so, we work with them on guidelines and we supply some knowledge and information weve gleaned from having Acaria as part of us, and well provide that background to states as they develop their guidelines.
Joshua Raskin: That's perfect. Thanks, Michael.
Operator: Our next question is from Chris Carter of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Chris Carter: Thanks, good morning. Just on the flu, could you give us any color around how much that impacted the 4Q and then maybe what you are assuming in guidance for the first quarter?
Bill Scheffel: Without giving specific numbers, I think flu in the fourth quarter was at a higher level than we saw in the 2013/2014 season, and that season was a relatively normal to below normal year for flu. So, we saw a bounce back up particularly in December, and also in January we've seen that through. But we think it's fairly well decreased at this point in time but it could have small impact on Q1 versus other periods. But I think theres nothing to impact our overall guidance for the year.
Michael Neidorff: I think the key thing is the guidance for the year is intact. But we're anticipating it could mitigate Q1, depending on how it's spiked. Flu often can spike again and that's the kind of the thing we're considering when we look at Q1.
Chris Carter: Okay. And then may be just on that point, I know there's a lot of moving parts this year with the industry fee. I guess how should we be thinking about the EPS progression for 2015, or may be directionally how we should think about 1Q?
Bill Scheffel: I think as we look at that -- the way, if you take the health insurer fee and sort of flatten that out in 2014, I think the relationship of the earnings by quarter and -- by quarter in 2014, will be similar in 2015.
Chris Carter: Got it. Okay. Then just last question. The Oregon acquisition, am I right that that's somewhere in the range of $400 million in annualized revenues?
Michael Neidorff: Jesse?
Jesse Hunter: Yes, that's right. So for 2014, it will be a little bit in excess of $400 million in annual revenues based on a combination of their Medicaid and Medicare government business.
Chris Carter: Okay. And any thoughts on purchase price there?
Jesse Hunter: We didn't disclose anything on purchase price, and we didn't do in the release and so we're not going to change that position.
Michael Neidorff: No, it was always fair to us and to them.
Chris Carter: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Sarah James of Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead.
Michael Ha: Hi. This is Michael Ha talking for Sarah James. Thank you for having us. My question I know you talked about the flu, but how much did the flu actually contribute to the increase in existing business MLR, and was that the only driver for the increase?
Bill Scheffel: In Q4?
Michael Ha: Yes, yes.
Bill Scheffel: It's sort of hard to hear the question.
Michael Neidorff: Yes.
Bill Scheffel: If you could repeat may be.
Michael Ha: Yes, sorry. Let me repeat that. How much did the flu actually contribute to the increase in existing business MLR? And was that the only driver of the increase in Q4?
Bill Scheffel: I think what we said for Q4 was we benefited from certain retroactive rate increases and also performance measure adjustments that we received from some on the states offset by the higher level of flu costs. So I think net it sort of offset each other, but certainly it was there.
Michael Neidorff: We had some transaction cost in there, too, in Q4.
Michael Ha: Okay, thank you. Just one more question. Is there any update you can provide on when the Florida formulary can be changed? Initially it looked like it could be done at the beginning of the year; but comments by the Medicaid Director indicated that they thought a delay was being considered.
Michael Neidorff: Well, our people in Florida continue to work with them on what's the appropriate and effective formulary. Growing that like it's 
Rone Baldwin: It's certainly a topic of ongoing discussion with the state. But there is no specific date that we can point to at this point when there might be a change to managed care plan formularies versus the state formulary. So that's the current situation.
Michael Neidorff: And as we did last year I mean we anticipated and we placed that into our guidance.
Michael Ha: Okay great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from Chris Rigg of Susquehanna Financial. Please go ahead.
Chris Rigg: Hi, good morning. Thanks. Just on premiums for the Medicaid expansion membership, do you guys have any sense for how they are tracking year-to-year? Has there been -- did the states have enough information to adjust rates for 2015 at this point, or is it still too early to tell?
Bill Scheffel: I think that our experience in 2014 was generally very favorable which would indicate that the rates that were originally set for Medicaid expansion business were at the high-end. And so we would expect overtime those rates will be adjusted. Most of those books have been say of minimum HBR calculations that we have to pay back to the state anything below that and we have several states where that in fact did occur. So I think most of the rate adjustments we see in 2015 will probably just be to true-up to where the regular -- the normal run rates would be and would basically offset what we set up as a payback under the minimum HBR calculations.
Chris Rigg: Okay. And then just with regard to Indiana, the new program there, the new Healthy Indiana -- and this is more of a big-picture question. But what do you guys -- how do you guys think about membership when there's premiums and co-pays? How does that impact utilization in the Medicaid population? And then, do you know if hospitals or sort of other third parties are allowed to pay premiums in the new program? Thanks.
Michael Neidorff: Well, there are two parts to the program, one where there is more cost sharing, one where there is not cost sharing. So it depends a little bit on how the ultimate mix of membership plays out in terms of that. But I think that we don't expect that we're going to see a significant impact on expected utilization one way or the other with respect to how that plays out. So I think that we expect that this pop we have experienced another Medicaid expansion populations around here and we think that that will be a good indicator of what we expect for the Healthy Indiana program as well. I don't think with respect to third parties paying premiums for members, I don't think that that's something that's really contemplated and I haven't heard of that as being anything that's been put in place. That has not -- that was something that was an issue that came up with respect to exchange enrollment and it's really not played out as a significant factor at all in the exchange market.
Chris Rigg: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question is from Andy Schenker of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Andy Schenker: Thanks. Good morning. So just may be on the exchange business here, it sounds like you said it's running -- 2014 ended slightly better on performance than you expected. May be if you could talk about how that may be could carry over into your 2015 expectations for that book of business. And then may be just related to that, any updates about growth in that business as it relates to the de minimis rule for taxes? Thanks.
Rone Baldwin: Well, we do expect that with respect to 2015 our performance on exchanges, we priced to be able to achieve our 3% to 5% kind of pricing margins. So we do think that we're going to see that emerge in 2015. We will have some additional scale which will help us spread some of fixed cost that we think is going to improve our margins a little bit versus 2014 in the product line. And we are -- we do feel that we can manage the growth of this product line and we do intend and stay below the de minimis rule with respect to the tax issue.
Andy Schenker: Okay, great. And then just a little one here on the favorable reserve development. Just looking at the roll-forward table, it looks like on the trailing 12-month basis it actually declined about $6 million sequentially. Anything just worth mentioning there or driving that change? Thank you.
Bill Scheffel: I wouldn't say there's anything specific. Those are numbers, 12-month development for the reserves and I think they're pretty healthy in general and $6 million swing is nothing of any consequence.
Andy Schenker: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Justin Lake of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Mike Newshel: Hi. This is Mike Newshel in for Justin. You said the potential drag from flu in the first quarter doesn't change your full-year guidance. Is that because the impact is small enough to fit within the original range? Or is there something, some new incremental offsetting factors that weren't in guidance before?
Michael Neidorff: I think we anticipated the flu in our annual guidance and we anticipated that while it was sign of peak in Q4 we still anticipate that we could see another spike in Q1 and which could have an impact but not impact the overall annual guidance as we build that in for the year.
Mike Newshel: So if flu continues to trend down, then you'd -- then it will end up more aligned with your expectations? It wouldn't be a drag in Q1?
Michael Neidorff: Well, as you know, we would still the flu could potentially be what you call a drag where I call anticipated, higher levels it spikes. But it -- what I we can look at it from an annual standpoint and our annual guidance is intact.
Mike Newshel: Got you. And is the specific timing of Indiana's Medicaid expansion in line with what you assumed in guidance? Or given that it launched so quickly on February 1, is there incremental there?
Bill Scheffel: Are you talking about Indiana or --?
Mike Newshel: Yes, Indiana, yes.
Bill Scheffel: That we consider that in our original guidance I think that was the plan and they were able to successfully achieve that as they announced recently.
Mike Newshel: Yes. So the timing is no different from what you assumed?
Bill Scheffel: Correct.
Mike Newshel: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Matthew Borsch of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Bo Brandt: Thank you. This is Bo Brandt on for Matt. Just following up on Indiana, can you provide any details on assumptions for market share? Are you assuming that you are going to maintain market share into the Medicaid expansion population?
Rone Baldwin: We're one of three players in the program so that's roughly correct that we would expect roughly the same kind of market share, as we have in the Medicaid program.
Bo Brandt: Okay, great. And then a quick follow-up. Commentary on the Medicaid rate-setting process. Going into 2015 and beyond into 2016, are the rates going to be continued to be separated regarding the rate negotiations? Or will they eventually combine and you'll start looking at more of a composite rate-negotiation process?
Rone Baldwin: Are you speaking about Medicaid expansion versus the other Medicaid rates that's your question.
Bo Brandt: Yes, exactly.
Rone Baldwin: Yes. I mean we don't see any signs at this point that there is a movement towards consolidation across Medicaid expansion and the other rates. The populations and the experience I think people will want to track separately and that's our expectation going forward.
Bill Scheffel: The states are reimbursed differently for that book of business so they have to be kept separate for those calculations.
Bo Brandt: Okay. So that will continue into 2016/2017?
Rone Baldwin: Yes.
Bill Scheffel: Generally, so.
Bo Brandt: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Dave Windley of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Dave Styblo: Sure, thanks. It's Dave Styblo in for Dave Windley. First question was just coming back to the MLRs. Just to make sure I understand all the comments called here, the MLR was close, at the higher end of your guidance range. I heard you say there was an impact of higher flu, and then there's an offsetting factor from rate increase adjustments. Can you reconcile those two a little bit with a finer-tooth pencil there?
Bill Scheffel: Well, I think with respect to the fourth quarter, which I think is what you were referring to, our HBR was 89.3%. And I think when you look at that we benefitted in the fourth quarter from some retroactive rate increases and performance measures that were recognized in several of our states but it was mitigated somewhat by higher flu cost in the fourth quarter. So overall, I don't think the HBR was that far out of our range where our expectations were because those two things offset each other.
Dave Styblo: Okay. So the net, though, we're just pushing a little bit towards the higher end of your previous full-year guidance range, so --?
Bill Scheffel: Yes. Again, directionally we talked about the complex care revenue and the growth of that part of our business which has a higher health benefits ratio to begin with and certainly you see that over time increasing our consolidated HBR, which is as predicted, and as talked on our Investor Day is a combination of having a higher HBR but a lower G&A ratio.
Dave Styblo: Okay, that's helpful. And then looking forward on a couple of new businesses coming online, for your acquisition of Agate there, can you talk a little bit more about the rationale? I don't think there is an RFP in the pipeline and expansion has already happened, so is it more of a situation of you improving upon an asset or just trying to expand your geographic scope? And then similarly, on the Arizona contract win, is there any new networks that you're going to have to work through? Or just walk us through the preparation in anticipation of -- I think that's something like $500 million to $600 million of revenue coming online.
Michael Neidorff: Jesse.
Jesse Hunter: We'll talk about that. Thanks for the question. We'll talk about Oregon first. I think first of all, we're not generally in the business of buying in the turnaround situation so that continues to be the case here. Agate is a well performing business and it really is about giving both geographic expansion but it's a large Medicaid market but it's fragmented and it's got a unique model. So when we do or kind of tours, if you will around the country, the Oregon model is something that comes up all the time. And so participating directly in that model will give us some unique credibility to speak to what makes sense and what doesn't make sense in terms of best practices or the best fit with Medicaid programs for other states and other products around the country. So on Arizona, we have been in the behavioral health of the Reeboks in Arizona for a number of years. So you will call it 10 years. And so we have got a lot of experience there. The State has kind or re-architected that program in a couple of ways. One is geographically into the different regions and we've obviously been successful in the southern region, but also in terms of the program design integrating some of the physical health coverage into the program. So the changes that we're working on, there is some geographic expansion opportunity and we will be working with as we indicated our joint venture partner with the University of Arizona and we will also be working to expand services to integrate the physical and behavioral health for the people who need it most.
Bill Scheffel: Yes. And the other thing I would add is incrementally we have about $250 million of behavioral health business already in Arizona. So it would be the $300 plus or minus million increase starting in the fourth quarter.
Dave Styblo: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Scott Fidel of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Shawn Bevec: Hi, thanks. This is Shawn Bevec on for Scott. Do your state agreements to cover the industry fee carry over into 2015? Or is this a process that will need to be repeated for this year?
Bill Scheffel: We believe that all of our state agreements are -- we have covered 2015 also.
Shawn Bevec: So the revenue recognition should be more linear in 2015 as opposed being as lumpy as it was in 2014?
Bill Scheffel: Correct. The only thing we have outstanding at this point still is California.
Shawn Bevec: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Kevin Fischbeck of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Steve Baxter: Hi. This is Steve Baxter on for Kevin. I have a question about operating cash flow. For the full year it was 4.6 times net earnings; historically, it hasn't been anywhere near as high. So I guess, can you provide a little color on why it was so high this year, and what you think a more sustainable ratio is going forward?
Bill Scheffel: I think that the biggest impact this year is increase in our just general business to revenue. So we have a large increase in our medical claims payable amount and some of the other payables that were associated with the minimum HBR that we have to pay back as return premium so that was the growth really drove that as much as anything else. I think over a long haul, we don't really expect to be at the 4.6 times net earnings level. We said 1.5 times to 2 times is our target but actually we've been beating that for the last several years. And I think a lot of that has to do with the growth. So we have a heavy growth year, we'll probably be in excess of two. And if we had 15% growth, it might be 1.5 times to 2 times but we haven't seen 15% growth in a long time.
Steve Baxter: Okay, thanks. Then just another question on USMM. When you guys were joined through the deal you talked about it being $0.20 to $0.25 accretive in 2015. I guess, how is that tracking versus your expectations?
Bill Scheffel: I think that the objective in buying USMM to direct those activity there are Medicate businesses in process. And we expect within 2015 they will perform as we anticipated, basically when we went through our analysis on buying the company and how it would perform.
Steve Baxter: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Ana Gupte of Leerink Partners. Please go ahead.
Ana Gupte: Yes, thanks. Good morning. First question, I was just curious on the G&A guidance for 2015. You did see about a 70 bp year-over-year improvement with the OpEx leverage, and I get that you had the business expansion costs. But is there any conservatism there, or something unique about 2015 that you might not see that with the kind of revenue growth you are projecting?
Bill Scheffel: I think we continue to see that we'll have the benefits of leverage from the revenue growth there. Two things that went the other direction were obviously the acquisition of USMM, which has a higher G&A ratio because it -- does not help benefits ratio. And then also from the impact of the exchange business which has a higher G&A ratio. So those two items increased our G&A ratio versus the benefits of scale and leveraging and as we go forward into 2015, I would think that we'll have growth in the other -- in all of those areas so we expect to still see benefits but they just may not be as significant.
Michael Neidorff: I mean the higher acuity populations we've said before also impacts the G&A.
Ana Gupte: Got it. Got it. Okay. So there is not as much upside --
Bill Scheffel: Well there is a floor at some point too, yes.
Michael Neidorff: Pardon me.
Ana Gupte: So should one interpret this as there is upside but not as much expansion or improvement as 2014?
Michael Neidorff: No, the denominator keeps getting larger so that's going to impact it.
Bill Scheffel: Right, yes, they have a 70 basis point improvement is a little more difficult going forward because there is a minimum level you'll still have.
Ana Gupte: And on Agate, just follow up on someone else's question earlier. Was this opportunistic that there was Medicare Advantage in there? Or is there something in there around the potential ability of a plan that MA and Medicaid to have better dual margins?
Michael Neidorff: Well, we have probably expressed our interest in MA. So the fact that they had MA was a positive and that is something we continue to look at it and find the appropriate entry point.
Ana Gupte: Okay. So this end will may be more targeted from a geographic perspective and you look -- does that seem to have been your strategy? Not turnaround assets, more local within the state, private?
Michael Neidorff: Exactly.
Ana Gupte: Okay. Got it. Then finally, are there any update on the Georgia rebid? The ABD population does not look to have been included there. I was just wondering what you think might happen on the existing contract as far as the bidders that have been qualified. Will there be one or two? And how will that transition occur? And then any timing on ABD?
Michael Neidorff: Well, it was supposed to have been out and they have delayed it. And I'd rather not speculate what their plans are and how they're going about it, regardless of what they do we'll be ready for it.
Ana Gupte: Okay, all right. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question is from Brian Wright of Sterne Agee. Please go ahead.
Brian Wright: Thanks. Good morning. In the press release announcing the Agate acquisition, it seemed to indicate there were some other businesses that weren't Medicaid and Medicare. Just wanted to understand if there was anything of significant size in that, and exactly what those other businesses may be.
Jesse Hunter: Yes, Brian, it's Jesse. I think our target is really a holding company for a couple of different pieces and I'd say that for purposes of kind of the analysis and the go-forward really we're thinking about this as primarily a health plan opportunity. There are a couple of other pieces that are more kind of historical in nature than perspective in nature. So former kind of IPAs tied into the provider community and the like. But most of the go-forward opportunity is going to be centered around their government health plan business.
Brian Wright: And then could you just give us a -- how was the transaction structured? How is that going to be financed?
Bill Scheffel: I think we expect it to be closed in the third quarter. And we're looking at specifically how we want to finance those payments.
Michael Neidorff: We have debt capacity, as we decide to use it.
Bill Scheffel: Yes, that's right. We have $75 million drawn on our revolver at year-end on our $500 million line so. We have flexibility.
Brian Wright: So it's solely debt and nothing -- no stock on to the Agate shareholders, then?
Bill Scheffel: I think that's some we will continue to look at and determine over the next six months before we close how we optimize the consideration.
Brian Wright: Okay, okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Tom Carroll of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Tom Carroll: Hey, good morning. Just a quick question on seasonality. With all the new growth that you've had in chronic population, duals, and the like, the adjustment to taxes, et cetera. I wonder if -- how would you expect quarterly EPS to progress in 2015? Should we expect any changes? May be you could provide some details in terms of how much is coming in first half, back half, or whatever, however you'd like to characterize it. Thanks.
Bill Scheffel: Sure, Tom. I think the basic, what I would do is take 2014 actual adjust it for the health insurer fee and normalize that. Once you do that that percentage of our earnings in each quarter in 2014 is an amount that I would think would be reasonable to look at it for 2015.
Michael Neidorff: It's a good starting template.
Tom Carroll: Okay. And so nothing -- I just wonder if there is any saying in future quarters that you've kind of already on your radar screen right now that just could help us build out the year?
Bill Scheffel: Again normally what we would see is more rate increases in the second half of the year. So we get some lift in the second half versus say the first half. You have flu in the first quarter, which you really don't have again until a little bit in the fourth quarter, which we did see this past year. So the second and third quarter benefit from better seasonality in that regard. So I don't think there's anything new that I would throw in a mix for the quarterly calculations.
Michael Neidorff: I mean it's fair to say when we constantly are looking at things and as soon as something is consummated we'd announce it and what the impact is. And it's not to say we're not looking at things but nothing in yet we have announced that should be included in the quarters.
Tom Carroll: Great, thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions].
Michael Neidorff: Well, if there is no further questions, we thank everybody for participating in this call and look forward to talking you in April and reviewing the first quarter. Thank you.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Renie Shapiro -  Barry M. Smith - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Jonathan N. Rubin - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division David A. Styblo - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Carl R. McDonald - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Ana Gupte - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division Scott J. Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Mary Shang - Barclays Capital, Research Division
Operator: Welcome, and thank you for standing by for the Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now I will turn the meeting over to Renie Shapiro.
Renie Shapiro: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. This is Renie Shapiro Silver, Senior Vice President of Corporate Finance for Magellan Health. With me today are Magellan's Chairman and CEO, Barry Smith; and our CFO, Jon Rubin. They will discuss the financial and operational results of our third quarter ended September 30, 2014. Certain statements that will be made during this conference call are forward-looking statements contemplated under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown uncertainties and risks, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed. These forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the complete discussion of risks set forth under the caption Risk Factors in Magellans Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013, and in the current quarters Form 10-Q, which will be filed with the SEC on or shortly after today and will be subsequently available on our website. In addition, please note that on this call, we refer to segment profit, adjusted net income and adjusted EPS, which are disclosed and defined in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q. Segment profit is equal to net revenues less the sum of cost of care, cost of goods sold, direct service costs and other operating expenses, and includes income from unconsolidated subsidiaries but excludes the segment profit or loss from noncontrolling interests held by other parties as well as stock compensation expense. Adjusted net income and adjusted EPS reflects certain adjustments made for acquisitions completed after January 1, 2013, to exclude noncash stock compensation expense resulting from restricted stock purchases by sellers as well as amortization of identified acquisition intangibles. Segment profit, adjusted net income and adjusted EPS referred to in this call may be considered non-GAAP financial measures. Included in the tables with this morning's press release are the reconciliations from these non-GAAP measures to the corresponding GAAP measures. We encourage you to review such reconciliations for an understanding of how they compare to those GAAP measures. I will now turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Barry Smith.
Barry M. Smith: Good morning, Renie, and thank you, all, for joining us today. The third quarter of 2014 was a pivotal time for us as we made our vision of becoming a leader in special population health management a reality. Through Magellan Complete Care of Florida, the country's first and only Medicaid specialty plan for individuals with serious mental illness or SMI, we built upon our experience and strength in managing vulnerable populations to create a new model of care, which addresses the whole individual. With respect to our financial milestones, we had a strong quarter and are on track to complete the year with segment profit in the range of $243 million to $258 million. For the third quarter of 2014, we produced adjusted net income of $35.2 million, adjusted EPS of $1.30 and segment profit of $62.2 million. Third quarter net income was $27.1 million, and EPS was $1. For the 9-month year-to-date period, we produced adjusted net income of $73.4 million, adjusted EPS of $2.66 and segment profit of $183.7 million. For the 9-month period, we had an income of $57.8 million and EPS of $2.09. We ended the quarter with $390.8 million of unrestricted cash and investments. Regarding our share repurchase program, we had nearly completed our current $300 million authorization. Through Tuesday, October 21, we repurchased approximately 5.1 million shares in this program for a total cost of $277.7 million at an average price of $54.43. Since our first authorization in July of 2008, we have repurchased approximately 22.5 million shares for a total cost of over $1 billion. As of October 21, we have approximately 27.3 million shares outstanding. This week, our Board of Directors authorized a new share repurchase program of up to $200 million over a 2-year period. This program demonstrates our continued commitment to maximizing shareholder value through balancing the deployment of capital for share repurchases with investments in our growth strategy and the funding of acquisitions. On our last call, we discussed our new $500 million credit facility, which provides us with the capital framework to help grow our business. As of the end of September, we've drawn down the $250 million term loan, which provides us flexibility under favorable financial terms. Before I discuss recent progress on our Magellan Complete Care and pharmacy management initiatives, I'd like to make a few comments on next year. 2014 has been a transitional year for us. We stabilized our business, made important acquisitions and have continued to advance our growth strategies. We are already seeing significant progress in our MCC and pharmacy initiatives. And although we have more work to do, we are pleased to see our positive momentum. While Jon will provide you with additional details on our 2015 preliminary outlook, I am extremely pleased that we are anticipating solid growth next year and are well positioned for continued growth in the future. Regarding Magellan Complete Care, there's been a great deal of progress this quarter, particularly in Florida. We went live at our Medicaid specialty plan for individuals with SMI in the 2 of our regions in Florida on July 1, followed by an additional 2 regions on August 1 and the final group of 4 regions on September 1. We continue to onboard our new members and gain a detailed understanding of each of their needs. Our unique model of care is implemented by our care coordination teams, who work with members, doctors, counselors, family and caregivers to set goals for recovery and to help members enjoy a healthier life. We are focused on risk stratification of the population, which enables us to prioritize care for the most vulnerable and high-cost members. By addressing inpatient costs and hospital readmissions as well as the optimization of drug spend, we are impacting some of the most significant challenges for our members. To date, care costs for this population have been within the range of our expectations. It's important to note, however, that our initial estimates are based upon limited data as we only have leading indicators on drug costs and inpatient preauthorizations. We expect to have a more complete view of full claims data in early 2015. We have further refined our expected membership and now anticipate we'll have between 35,000 and 40,000 members by year end. There are 36 days left during which members may opt out of our plan. Late yesterday, we received risk-adjusted rates from ACA, Florida's Medicaid agency, and our preliminary assessment is that these will not have a material impact on our results. Based on this update, we now expect that the blended rates will be approximately $12,000 per member per year. Our Florida -- our network in Florida continues to mature as we have contracts with over 16,000 providers. The MCC in Florida team has more than 350 employees across the state, of which 2/3 are field based, working with members, caregivers, providers and community-based organizations. The successful launch of our Medicaid SMI specialty plan is the result of years of planning, preparation and working with advocacy organizations, providers and individuals to ensure that we are addressing both the behavioral and the physical health needs of our members. Bridging the gap between these services and ensuring that providers are communicating with one another will have a profound effect and impact on quality and cost of care. I applaud our team's percolating effort in designing and developing this innovative program and operating platform, which we can leverage as MCC expands to other states. Importantly, we can also use much of what we are learning as we expand our commercial and public sector behavioral relationships as our clients are increasingly demanding solutions, which integrate behavioral health with all other aspects of care and cost management. We are leaders. In New York, AlphaCare continues to add members to its Medicaid managed long-term care, MLTC plan, and its Medicare plans while finalizing preparations for the 2015 go live of the Fully Integrated Dual Advantage, or FIDA, demonstration program. AlphaCare's current membership is approximately 2,000 across all product lines. The state still anticipates that the FIDA program will begin voluntary enrollment on January 1, 2015. Auto-assignment and the ability to opt out of the Medicare benefit will begin on April 1, 2015. During the quarter, we brought on additional experienced operational leaders in both Medicaid and Medicare to augment existing senior management team. These leaders have expertise specific to the New York market. AlphaCare's infrastructure will provide us with a launching pad into the duals market and can be leveraged in other geographies. Market expansion continues to be a very high priority for Magellan Complete Care. We anticipate that in the most of our first-to-market position in Florida to capitalize on our unique clinical management and data analytics for the management of high-cost special populations. We've received HMO licenses in both Iowa and Louisiana and have pending license applications in several other states, including Pennsylvania and Nebraska. In addition, we will be active participants in the upcoming National Association of Medicaid Directors Annual Conference in November in Washington, D.C. We continue to receive inquiries about our SMI specialty plan in Florida from other state Medicaid Directors as well as from national media outlets and leading behavioral health advocacy groups. While Magellan Complete Care was initially envisioned for the direct management of Medicaid special populations, as I mentioned earlier in the call, there may be also other opportunities to manage healthcare plan special populations, particularly their high-cost members with more complex conditions. In our pharmacy management business, our current emphasis is on the development of infrastructure and capabilities to meet the needs of commercial, Medicaid and Medicare managed care plans. We continue to evaluate whether to acquire or truly develop capabilities for mail order and Part D to best position ourselves for success. In addition, we are further expanding our sales team to focus on our target markets. With respect to the CDMI acquisition, we continue to see benefits from the strong leadership and enhanced clinical offerings that it brought to the company. CDMI has enabled Magellan's offer proven best-in-class clinical programs and outreach services to help manage chronic conditions as well as provide offerings and address drug compliance and adherence. This suite of clinical programs can greatly enhance health plans medical management and help ensure delivery of the highest quality of services to their members. In the near term, we believe there are opportunities to upsell this clinical offering to our current pharmacy customer base. Our employer business continues to gain momentum. And for 2014, we have added approximately 135,000 lives. For 2015, we are seeing a strong pipeline of opportunities in the employer market and expect to see continued growth through brokers, PBAs and consultants. Our pipeline also contains multiple state fee-for-service PBA opportunities as well as interest from Medicaid MCOs who are concerned with the rising specialty costs and are interested in our full PBM suite of services, including specialty distribution and medical pharmacy. We recently hosted our 11th Annual Specialty Drug Summit, which was attended by approximately 250 medical and pharmacy directors from health plans, consultants and pharma companies, the largest such gathering since we began holding it. We believe these interactions confirm our position as a leading specialty pharmacy company and will provide actual sales opportunities for specialty distribution, medical pharmacy and full PBM services. As we approach the end of the year, we remain firmly focused on the work necessary to achieve our aggressive long-term growth targets as the leader in special population management. Our 3 core businesses, including MCC, provide a broad range of next-generation solutions to address today's health care challenges and tomorrow's health care opportunities. Each incorporates best-in-class clinical programs, deep analytics, flexible and innovative technology and health improvement capabilities based on a strong understanding of the individual. Jon will now provide additional details on our operating and financial results, an update on our full year 2014 guidance and our preliminary outlook for 2015, after which, we will take questions. Jon?
Jonathan N. Rubin: Okay. Thanks very much, Barry, and good morning, everyone. Net income and EPS for the third quarter of 2014 were $27.1 million and $1 per share, respectively. This compares to net income of $47.2 million and EPS of $1.70 for the third quarter of 2013. Regarding our non-GAAP measures, adjusted net income for the third quarter of 2014 was $35.2 million, and adjusted EPS was $1.30 per share on a diluted basis. For the third quarter of 2013, adjusted net income was $47.2 million, and adjusted EPS was $1.70 per share. The decrease in adjusted net income between periods was mainly attributable to a higher effective tax rate and higher depreciation and amortization expense in the current year quarter. The difference in tax rates reflects the impact of a lower level of tax contingency reversals in the current year quarter than the prior year quarter, while the increase in depreciation and amortization expense is due to growth and acquisitions. Our segment profit for the third quarter of 2014 was $62.2 million compared to $59.2 million for the third quarter of 2013. This increase is primarily due to stronger results in commercial and pharmacy management, partially offset by terminated contracts and certain favorable onetime adjustments for block bonding in the prior year quarter for public sector. Revenue in the third quarter of 2014 was $923.2 million, which was $49.6 million higher than the third quarter of 2013. This revenue increase resulted primarily from the inclusion of Partners Rx and CDMI revenue in the current year quarter and the impact of new business, same-store growth and rate increases, which were partially offset by the loss of revenues associated with terminated contracts. Regarding the ACA health insurer fee, our full year expense will be approximately $21 million. We currently have agreements with 6 customers and are in various stages of agreements with other customers to recover the health insurer fees as well as the impact to our federal and state income taxes for the non-deductibility of these fees. We remain confident that the majority of the impact to us from the health insurer fees will be covered by additional revenues. The timing of revenue recognition, however, will depend upon the timing of execution of agreements. For the third quarter, we recognized $8.8 million of revenue and $5.4 million of expense related to the health insurer fees. Including the impact of non-deductibility of these taxes, the impact of the health insurer fee on our third quarter EPS as well as the expected full year impact is immaterial to net income. I'll now review each of the segment results and growth opportunities, beginning with Commercial. Segment profit for Commercial behavioral health was $35.6 million, an increase of $9.9 million over the third quarter of 2013. The increase was mainly due to new business, favorable prior period care development recorded in the current year quarter, rate increases in excess of care trends and the inclusion in the prior year quarter of severance relating to contract terminations. These favorable variances were partially offset by the impact of terminated contracts. The favorable prior period care development was $4.1 million in the current quarter. Health plan exchange membership has remained relatively flat throughout the quarter, and we currently manage behavioral health for approximately 2 million exchange lives for our health plan customers. Our new computerized, cognitive behavioral health capabilities offer clinical self-service programs. We provide members with online interactive, self-management tools to change behaviors and sustain healthier outcomes for certain behavioral health issues. We believe that this will have wide-ranging appeal to EAP and other customers, such as military and veterans organizations, as they provide both cost and productivity benefits. This platform is a key piece of our overall virtual care delivery model that includes personalized wellness and telehealth and remote monitoring capabilities to supplement the traditional network care model for increased access, engagement and lower costs. On October 1, we completed the implementation of an ASO behavioral health program for regional health plan dual-eligible population, which we discussed on our last call. This program leverages our behavioral health expertise in commercial and Medicaid populations to further expand our dual-eligible business with health plan customers. The sales pipeline for 2015 and 2016 includes a mix of both traditional management products as well as clinical solutions which focus on specific population health management for commercial health plans. In addition, we see opportunities to expand our presence in the military sector under new and existing contracts. Turning to public sector. Our segment profit was $7.3 million, a decrease of $27.5 million from the prior year quarter. This decrease was mainly due to the termination of the Maricopa contract on March 31, inclusion in the prior year quarter of favorable adjustments of block funding providers from the annual reconciliation process and administrative start-up costs and estimated operating losses for MCC. These unfavorable variances were partially offset by new business, favorable prior period care development and favorable net after-tax activity. The net favorable segment profit impact of prior period care development recorded in the current year quarter was $8.5 million. Last quarter, we faced new challenges related to the acceleration of outpatient services on one of our risk behavioral health contracts. Our actions, which included recontracting of network rates and changes to our care management models, have remediated these cost of care issues. With respect to MCC of Florida, the care cost recorded for the quarter resulted in an estimated medical loss ratio of approximately 100%. Given that membership enrollment began during the quarter and we have limited claims data on this population, these care accruals are based on leading indicators of pharmacy and inpatient costs, along with our initial underwriting assumptions. We will refine these assumptions as we receive additional leading indicator data and actual claim experience. In addition, as we ramp up our care management activities, we expect improvement in the estimated MLR over the next several months. For MCC in total, initial losses incurred were approximately $20 million for the third quarter and approximately $35 million year-to-date. This includes both administrative start-up costs and estimated operating losses during the start-up phase. Regarding the public sector pipeline, the greater Arizona RFP for the north and south regions includes a full risk carve-out of behavioral health for all members and at risk fully integrated care for those members with SMI. Offerers may bid on both regions but cannot hold a contract for more than one region. The award is expected later this year. Louisiana has released an RFP for an expanded behavioral health program, which includes pharmacy management, to take effect upon the expiration of our current contract on February 28, 2015. We also anticipate the release later this year of the New Jersey statewide RFP for adults with behavioral health needs. In our Specialty Solutions segment, third quarter 2014 segment profit was $16.4 million, an increase of $1.3 million from the third quarter of 2013. This increase was mainly due to the impact of new business and the inclusion in the current year quarter of favorable prior period care development of $3 million. These favorable variances were partially offset by previously negotiated rate reductions on contract renewals. Our Specialty Solutions segment continues to produce strong results as we grow with new products, new customers and expansion into new markets with existing customers. On October 1, we completed the phase implementation of a risk radiology and cardiac contract with a national Medicaid MCO customer, with expected annualized revenues of approximately $50 million. We continue to maintain a large active sales pipeline spanning all products, including radiology, cardiac and musculoskeletal. Overall interest in musculoskeletal is strong and continues to increase, and our existing contracts are producing positive results for our customers. Third quarter segment profit for the Pharmacy Management segment was $29.8 million, an increase of $14.1 million over the third quarter of 2013. This increase was primarily due to new business and the inclusion of Partners Rx and CDMI in the current quarter results, partially offset by terminated business. We continue to grow our employer business and have added approximately 35,000 lives in the third quarter. We've also seen expansion in our commercial PBM lives, resulting from enrollment growth in MCC of Florida. As Barry mentioned, our pipeline of opportunities for 2015 is quite strong. Regarding other financial results, corporate costs, excluding stock compensation expense, totaled $27.1 million, which is $5.1 million lower than in the third quarter of 2013. This change is due to higher discretionary benefits, legal fees and severance costs incurred in the prior year quarter. Excluding stock compensation expense, total direct service and operating expenses as a percentage of revenue were 17.9% in the current year quarter as compared to 17.4% for the prior year quarter. This increase is mainly due to the impact of ACA fees, developing costs associated with the MCC product and changes in business mix. The effective income tax rate for the 9 months ended September 30, 2014, was 34.3% compared to 22% for the prior year period. The increase in the effective rate is mainly due to the non-deductibility of health insurer fees, lower reversals of tax contingencies in the current year from closure of statutes of limitation and increased valuation allowances in the current year for certain deferred tax assets. Our reversals of tax contingencies affecting the tax provision were $15.6 million in the current year quarter and $22.7 million in the prior year quarter. We now expect our full year tax rate for 2014 to be approximately 38%. Stock compensation expense for the current 9-month period has increased by $11.2 million from the prior year period, primarily due to $16.2 million of stock compensation in the current year related to restricted stock purchased by sellers in the Partners Rx and CDMI acquisitions, partially offset by higher expense in the prior year period related to the former Executive Chairman employment agreement. Depreciation and amortization for the current 9-month period increased by $15.9 million from the prior year period, attributable to fixed asset additions after the prior year period as well as for the amortization of identified acquisition intangibles associated with the Partners Rx, AlphaCare and CDMI acquisitions. Interest expense for the 9 months ended September 30, 2014, increased by $3.5 million over the prior year period. This change is mainly due to interest expense related to the contingent consideration liability recorded for the CDMI and Cobalt acquisitions. Turning to cash flow and balance sheet highlights. Our cash flow from operations for the first 9 months of 2014 was $194.2 million compared to cash flow from operations of $171.3 million for the prior year period. Cash flows for the current and prior year periods includes the positive impact of shifts of restricted cash into restricted investments, totaling $28.8 million and $33.6 million, respectively, which are reflected as sources of cash from operations and uses of cash from investing activities. Absent these transfers, cash flow from operations for the current year totaled $165.4 million compared to $137.7 million for the prior year period. This increase in cash flow between years is mainly attributable to net favorable working capital changes of $37.5 million and lower tax payments of $10 million, partially offset by the decrease in segment profit of $19.8 million. The favorable working capital changes of $37.5 million includes the release of restricted cash requirements related to the termination of the Maricopa contract, offset by additional restricted cash requirements to support growth in other public sector and MCC accounts, timing of after-tax payments and receipts as well as accounts receivable, inventory and medical claims payable activity associated with timing and new business. As of September 30, 2014, the company's unrestricted cash and investments totaled $390.8 million, which includes proceeds from the $250 million term loan. Approximately $58.7 million of the unrestricted cash and investments related to excess capital and undisputed earnings held at regulated entities. The company's restricted cash and investments at September 30, 2014, of $344.1 million reflected a decrease of $42.7 million from the balance at year end. The majority of this decrease is associated with the terminated Maricopa contract. Recorded in our initial guidance was a target for new business revenue of $450 million to be recognized in 2014, and we still project to meet this full year target. Our estimated revenue for the year is still expected to be in a range of $3.6 billion to $3.8 billion. However, we're revising our other 2014 guidance ranges to reflect results to date, inclusive of the reversal in the quarter of tax contingencies as previously discussed, higher depreciation and amortization expense due to capital additions and acquisition activity and the increase in interest expense for the year. For the full year, we now estimate net income of $63 million to $77 million, segment profit of $243 million to $258 million and cash flow from operations of $207 million to $226 million, excluding the net shift of restricted funds between cash and investments. We've updated the guidance for diluted EPS to a range of $2.30 to $2.81 per share based on updated fully diluted shares of 27.4 million shares. This updated fully diluted share amount reflects share repurchases and opted exercises through the close of business on October 21, 2014, but excludes any potential activity that may occur over the remainder of the year. We're also revising our 2014 guidance range for full year adjusted net income of $88 million to $102 million. And we've updated our guidance for adjusted earnings per share to a range of $3.21 to $3.72 based on the updated fully diluted share count. We're maintaining our estimated capital expense guidance for the year at a range of $56 million to $66 million. We're working on our business plan for 2015, and we'll provide detailed guidance in December. In advance of that, I'll now provide some initial commentary. As compared to our guidance range for 2014, we currently expect that we will have solid segment profit growth in 2015. This primarily reflects the assumption of MCC becoming profitable in 2015, expected new business effective in 2015, the annualization of new business sold during calendar year '14, savings to our growth and the full year impact of CDMI. These favorable variances are expected to be partially offset by contract terminations and additional investment anticipated in our pharmacy business as well as for the development of new products across our businesses. We believe that our customer base is now more stable, which will allow us to achieve earnings growth in future years with significant contributions from our Magellan Complete Care and Pharmacy Solutions initiatives. Again, we'll provide more detailed guidance during our December call. Overall, I'm very pleased with our third quarter results and our preliminary plans for solid earnings growth in 2015. With that, Barry and I are now available to answer questions, and I'll turn the call back over to the operator. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question is from Matthew Borsch from Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes, I'm sorry if I missed this, but can you just go over the factors that drove the sequential decrease in the Commercial segment revenues?
Jonathan N. Rubin: In terms of year-over-year, Matt?
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Well, relative to the prior quarter.
Jonathan N. Rubin: Yes, the big -- included in the prior quarter, the biggest item was a previously announced termination that we had in that segment that was effective at the end of second quarter.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Right. Okay. Okay. Got it. And can you tell us what you think the timing is on -- I think you said 2015, you expect for the full year for MMC to be profitable. Can you give us any sense on when you're projecting that? Is that in the first half or the second half?
Jonathan N. Rubin: Honestly, Matt, in terms of the calendarization of it, it's a little bit early for me to give you kind of a precise turning point. But I would say is, obviously, with Florida and AlphaCare being the big drivers on a few things, one, we do expect MLR improvement, as I mentioned, in Florida pretty much on a sustained basis over the next several months as we really are able to ramp up fully our care management initiatives. And then secondly, with AlphaCare, I think we noted in the script, we really expect that business to get to scale at some point in 2015, and there, as of now, the states plans are to go live 1/1/15 with the FIDA program, this is the dual-eligible demonstration program with auto-enrollment happening in April. So a lot is going to be based on do those dates [indiscernible] and is the timing of scaling that operation according to plan. But what I would say is I'd expect, certainly, first quarter to be an improvement over what we're seeing over the balance of this year and then sequential improvement as we get into the second and third quarter next year.
Barry M. Smith: And, Matt, just to add to that to underscore the importance of the timing of the FIDA program in New York, I don't know what's happening on 4 1 [ph]. The revenues PMPM go from $4,000 just for the Medicaid with an additional $2,000 with the bio-clinical program for Medicare. So $6,000 PMPM. So it has a material impact when that goes live in New York.
Operator: The next question is from Dave Styblo from Jefferies.
David A. Styblo - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Can you -- leave off with John's comments at the end of the prepared remarks, but about putting into context what solid segment earnings growth is for next year. I know you guys will elaborate on that in December, but that's still a pretty open-ended statement. So I'm hoping you can give us a little bit more color. Perhaps are we talking something that's going to be in the double digits range or something less than that?
Jonathan N. Rubin: Yes. At this point, Dave, again, we're not -- we haven't completed the plan. So I can't give you kind of a precise number. But I would say, again, that we do expect the growth to be material next year. And we've talked about some of the drivers. I think you can sense that, especially with the turnaround in MCC that we do believe that it will be meaningful. But beyond that, at this stage, again, we're giving the directional commentary now. We will, in mid-December, give you much more specificity on the numbers.
David A. Styblo - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then turning back over to the Florida SMIs. I know it's still really early in the process, but I'm wondering if you can maybe help drill down on a couple of different cohorts that rolled on, specifically maybe that first cohort in July. Is there any more detail that you have on them? Are they trending to 100%? Or would they be -- is there activity you're able to already perform with them in terms of care management and help them to start to pull that down already? Or just more granularity on that would be helpful.
Jonathan N. Rubin: Yes, yes. Unfortunately, David, I mean, we'd all love to have a lot more data at this point, but the reality is for a large portion of the claims, we still are really dealing with a combination of leading indicators and underwriting assumptions. So it's very hard yet for us to have enough data even to break down the cohorts as you're describing. But to give you some sense, pharmacy data, we've got very complete claims. So we have a good sense for it, and that's right in line with our expectations. The plus side is on outpatient. We really have very little because things aren't preauthorized and pay claims now really are only about 1/4 of what our current accrual is. Now on inpatient, we do have preauthorization data. But even the process of having complete preauthorization data as we're ramping up takes a little bit of time. There's a lag in working with providers and getting things into our system. So even with the July cohort, only being a couple of months old, the actual data is so incomplete that we're still dealing with the best information we have and is available but still dealing with things on an estimated basis. So I hesitate to have soft precision at this point. But as we get into the next quarter, into next year, we should have much better data and be able to break some of those things down for you.
Barry M. Smith: And, Dave, Barry here. Just to add to Jon's good comments here. On the pharmacy piece, again, as Jon mentioned, the costs are pretty much in line with what we anticipated. We know that others had, had some challenges with the pharmaceutical piece. This is something we do very well. We have been running the states of PDL already. We're very familiar with the formulary, and we have great expertise in the pharmacy. That's important in these populations because they have sometimes at least half to 2x the drug spend. So having that expertise is critical for us, and thus far, it's worked out well for us.
David A. Styblo - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Sure, okay. If I could squeeze one more in on your commercial margins there. Even if I back out the favorable development, it still looks like it's north of 20% and, again, higher than what I think you guys would even think about for a long-term range. What else is going on in there that's driving elevated margin performance?
Jonathan N. Rubin: Yes, in Commercial -- I mean, just into the prior period development, Dave, we also had some other onetime items, including customer settlements. If you were to look at the MLR sort of on a true operating basis, kind of backing out the onetimers, we'd be in the low 70s this quarter. So still a very, very good quarter. But the recorded MLR of around 65% is lower than what that true run rate is. So think about it sort of in the low 70s as being the normal run rate that we're seeing this quarter, which, again, is still quite good.
Operator: The next question is from Carl McDonald from Citigroup.
Carl R. McDonald - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I was hoping that you could give us a year-to-date total for how much you think the out-of-period items have added to EBITDA.
Jonathan N. Rubin: On a year-to-date basis -- honestly, Carl, I don't have the year-to-date number at my fingertips. But you're -- it's not a really big number. I mean, it's probably in the range of $15 million-ish on a year-to-date basis, most of that in this quarter.
Carl R. McDonald - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Great. And then on the Florida business, you mentioned loss ratio getting better over the next few months and next few quarters. Any sense for what's incorporated into the guidance, sort of how much of an improvement are you anticipating?
Jonathan N. Rubin: Well, if you think about -- when we talk about guidance, you talk about for the balance of the year, Carl?
Carl R. McDonald - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes, exactly.
Jonathan N. Rubin: Yes. Well, again, our expectation is that we ramp up, especially on inpatient where we can have the biggest impact on the precertification and managing length of stay. We expect that there is the opportunity for sequential improvement each quarter. Having said that, we're not banking in our guidance on any material improvement from third to fourth quarter.
Carl R. McDonald - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Got it. Okay. And then just the last question I had was you mentioned the Florida revenue being roughly 5% lower than I think you'd talked about last quarter. So was there a commensurate offset to the medical expense?
Jonathan N. Rubin: Carl, when you talk of the 5% lower...
Carl R. McDonald - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So I think, last quarter, you talked about the per member per month being about $1,050 a month, and it sounded like this quarter was going to be closer to [indiscernible].
Jonathan N. Rubin: I think we gave a range of like between $10,000 and $15,000 last quarter. And we just sharpened it knowing what the risk adjustors were and getting the actual data from the states to $12,000. So it really wasn't, in our view, a meaningful change. It was just being a little bit more precise.
Operator: The next question is from Ana Gupte from Leerink Partners.
Ana Gupte - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: Just again following up on the Florida medical loss ratio and maybe asking the question a different way. On the $0.70 per dollar that you've been talking about, is that $0.70 on the medical dollar for behavioral health than pharmacy? And in your booking -- I know it's all estimated at this point, the 100% loss ratio, how does that compare with what the fee-for-service population was observing?
Barry M. Smith: Thanks, Ana. On the 70%, I think what we've said historically is that for the SMI population within Magellan prior to building out the physical mess of networks, we internally could manage $0.70 of every dollar. That's been a real advantage, of course, because we work with this population, the BH side. We have unique and particular expertise in the pharmaceutical world. And so that's what we were saying historically. As it worked out to be that, obviously, in our experience with Florida. Jon, on the...
Jonathan N. Rubin: Yes, on the second thing, and this is not overly precise, Ana, but I would say in general, again, we would -- we'd be planning long term to have the MLR closer to 90% than 100%. I'd say in very round numbers, 100% probably assumes about our management capabilities being at about half of what they'll ultimately be. So if you think of fee-for-service population, we'd probably be maybe 10% higher than where we are now. But ultimately, we see still good opportunity. Part of it is just timing. We spent a lot of time really implementing the program. The enrollment working with providers, and now we're at the point again where we really feel we have the ability to ramp up our management capabilities and have kind of the impact going forward.
Barry M. Smith: Ana, one additional comment is that the [indiscernible] provision for continuity of care for those individuals who are already in a health -- in an inpatient setting, for example, in a care plan, and there's a specific time for an enrollee that we maintain that care plan, after which we can implement our care plan and plan our management process. So that also has an impact as these enrollees have been layering in month after month. We'll be able to manage those more appropriately going forward.
Ana Gupte - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: So what I'm hearing you say is that it's 10% higher for fee-for-service. You're expecting a 90% loss ratio over time. So currently, what you have booked in the 100% then, does that bake in all the savings from pharmacy, which you have distinctive capabilities you're seeing relative to fee-for-service? And if so, then is your estimate conservative at this point, do you think, on the remaining 30% or so that you're booking for inpatient based on pre-ops, and you don't have visibility into outpatient?
Jonathan N. Rubin: Yes, just a couple of comments on that. One, on the pharmacy, I think we're managing the pharmacy well now. I wouldn't say there's no further opportunities. I think as we -- especially as we integrate the pharmacy and the medical data, I think there's additional opportunities that we'll find and are looking to find over the upcoming months. In terms of the broader opportunity, again, we see most of the opportunity initially at least being on the inpatient side, and that's really what we mainly considered as we talked about moving the program forward and improving the results as we expect we would over time. Again, long term, I think there's additional opportunities, Ana. So for example, impacting readmission rates, improving the overall health of the population because we know this SMI population has been underserved by the current care models, and we've got a very specific model of care to address it. But some of those things are longer term. And therefore, we haven't banked on those in our initial projection.
Ana Gupte - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: One final one if I could squeeze in on Sovaldi. Is the Florida quick payment, does that matter to you at all? And then broadly speaking, what have you been observing in 3Q? And as the all oral is going live, what are your expectations for your businesses broadly commercial and otherwise?
Barry M. Smith: Well, as it relates to Sovaldi, we've seen a pretty significant year-over-year from third quarter of last year to third quarter of this year. For example, there's been about a 250% increase in our commercial PBM business. Total hep C PMPM spend from the Q3 of $0.31 to Q3 2014 of $1.10. And you might have mentioned or heard in the CBS research report that came off recently, they talk about these big increases, but they also expect to see a peak in hep C as new agents come out, and you kind of see a peak of use of Sovaldi. Now you may be aware, I'm sure you are, that Harvoni has been recently approved by the FDA. This is a combo drug. The Sovaldi regimen for a 12-week period costs $84,000. The Harvoni regimen, it's a combo drug. So the pegylated interferon isn't required -- some of the injectables that typically are used in combo with Sovaldi to mitigate some of the flu-like symptoms with the use of Sovaldi. These are -- this is a combined -- a combo drug. It's also taken orally. So the patients still take a pill once a day. But the cost increase, again, is 94 5. So dependent upon the regimen use for Sovaldi going to Harvoni, it can be a cost saver or it could cost more. It's hard to know. But it's certainly more on an ongoing basis, at least initially, for the drug itself. So we see this increase is happening, but we do see kind of a slowing down in the most recent quarter of the spend for these medications, and so -- for the hep C category in total. So we would expect to see that happen as new therapeutic alternative are introduced over the next couple of quarters. And then in some cases, people are kind of holding off for these new medications, which are more cost-effective in terms of the management, the medical management of these medications. So we would expect to see Sovaldi to kind of peak out. Harvoni, we think will do well because it's a pill oral form, and that'll be very popular. But we also think the introduction of therapeutic alternatives will really cause a lot of price pressure on these alternatives going forward. So we hope to see through next year moderation of the cost for hep C treatment.
Operator: The next question is from Scott Fidel from Deutsche Bank.
Scott J. Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: First question, just interested if you have any thoughts around the timing of when the Texas behavioral contract would be announced. I know that was expected to be announced a number of months ago, and then it's been, I guess, sort of all quiet on that front for a while.
Barry M. Smith: Yes. I think that the Texas contract -- I think there are several contracts outstanding, and that the Texas contract is actually out already, and we did not win that contract, the incumbent won. In fact, these are typically up, but most state contracts, the incumbent maintain the business. And I just -- I think it's a good example of the fact that these contracts can be quite sticky, and there's a real benefit to being the incumbent. And so in this particular case in Texas, we did not win that, but the incumbent did. What happens typically is that when there's a real change in the combination of both behavioral and physical medicine and there's a real change in the model, there's a greater opportunity for us. But again, in Texas, we didn't win that contract.
Scott J. Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. Then just a follow-up just on the Commercial business. And just the margins there in the segment profit did come in quite a bit above what we were expecting. You mentioned some of the onetime items. Just wondering, though, also just how much impact on the margins horizon going offline in the third quarter did it have. Was that operating at pretty much a sort of average MLR for the Commercial segment? Or was there a mix shift impact from that large contract going offline?
Jonathan N. Rubin: Yes, Scott, I mean, it's a hard question to answer because any one contract bounces around a lot from quarter-to-quarter. But I wouldn't say that, overall, that, that meaningfully lifted the segment other than the fact that, obviously, it alters the mix a little bit between risk and ASO, if you're looking at percentage margins. But aside from that, I wouldn't view that as a huge driver.
Scott J. Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just kind of have one last question just on Specialty Solutions, and saw the margin improved their sequentially. If you could just talk about that. There -- was that better cost? Or was that the impact of new business coming online? Or were there out-of-period items that benefited Specialty Solutions?
Jonathan N. Rubin: Yes, I think there's a little bit of favorable development. But the bigger issue was -- and we talked about this last quarter. Last quarter, we had a little bit of a seasonally higher quarter. And I think, as I mentioned in the last call when asked, that my expectation was really more consistent with what we were seeing year-to-date through second quarter, which was between 80% and 81%. That's essentially what we ran this quarter. So I would really look at the sequential as just being some noise and really look at year-to-date as being representative of how that business is running.
Operator: The next question is from Josh Raskin from Barclays.
Mary Shang - Barclays Capital, Research Division: This is Mary Shang in for Josh today. I'm just curious, you said solid segment -- you said you had solid segment profit growth for 2015. Does that mean you'll be within your long-term target of 15% growth for segment profit?
Jonathan N. Rubin: Not necessarily. I mean, in our long-term targets, what we really said there is that that's, long term, over a 3- to 5-year period. If you think specifically about 2015, there's a couple of things that will temper the growth versus where we ultimately think we'll be, and that really relates primarily to the termination of the Maricopa contract, which happened at the end of the first quarter this year. But we sort of lose a quarter of that as we go into next year on an annualized basis. So if you adjust for that, you're probably up in the range. But again, we'll give a lot more details in December.
Mary Shang - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Great. And also what is the aggregate of onetime items in 2014 segment profit?
Jonathan N. Rubin: For year-to-date, again, we're talking of round numbers, about $15 million favorable.
Mary Shang - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Great. And one more quick question. Were the tax contingency reversals this quarter in prior guidance?
Jonathan N. Rubin: No. No, we don't project contingency reversals because we obviously don't know they're going to happen until the statute of limitation goes by. So we don't generally project those, especially the larger ones that we've seen over the last 2 years in the federal side. Now in terms of our -- in terms of the tax contingency, the one thing I do want to point out is with the reversal we had this year, there really isn't much remaining on the federal contingency. So while we've had some benefit over the last couple of years in the tax rate, we shouldn't see anything near that magnitude as we go forward.
Operator: I'd like to turn the call back over to Mr. Barry Smith.
Barry M. Smith: Well, thanks, everybody, for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you in December when we provide complete details of our 2015 guidance. Take care.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. Please disconnect at this time.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Edmund E. Kroll - SVP of Finance & IR Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, CEO and President William N. Scheffel - CFO, EVP and Treasurer Mary V. Mason - CMO and SVP Jesse N. Hunter - EVP and Chief Business Development Officer K. Rone Baldwin - EVP of Insurance Group Business Unit
Analysts: Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital Peter Costa - Wells Fargo Securities Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Justin Lake - JPMorgan Christopher Carter - Credit Suisse Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG A. J. Rice - UBS Investment Bank Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc. Thomas Carroll - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Inc. Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group Andrew Schenker - Morgan Stanley Ana Gupte - Leerink Steven Halper - FBR Capital Markets & Co. David Windley - Jefferies Brian Wright - Sterne Agee Kimberly Purvis - Cross Current Research Carl McDonald - Citigroup Inc.
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Centene Corporation Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. (Operator Instructions). After todays presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. (Operator Instructions). Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Ed Kroll. Mr. Kroll, the floor is yours, sir.
Edmund E. Kroll: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. Im Ed Kroll, Head of Investor Relations for Centene Corporation. Thank you for joining us on our second quarter earnings call. Michael Neidorff, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Bill Scheffel, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Centene Corporation, will host this morning's call. The call is expected to last about 45 minutes and may also be accessed through our website at the Investor Relations section of centene.com. A replay will be available shortly after this call's completion, also at our website, or by dialing (877) 344-7529 in the United States and Canada, or in other countries by dialing (412) 317-0088. The access code for both of those playbacks is 10048780. Any remarks that Centene may make about future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provision under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in Centene's most recently filed Form 10-Q dated today, July 22, 2014, and also other public SEC filings. Centene anticipates that subsequent events and developments will cause its estimates to change. While the company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. As a reminder, our next Investor Day is Friday, December 12, in New York City. Please mark your calendars for that. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Michael Neidorff. Michael?
Michael F. Neidorff: Thank you, Ed. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining Centene's second quarter 2014 earnings call. During the course of today's call, we will discuss our strong second quarter results and provide updates on Centenes markets and products, the ACA and the impact of new hepatitis C therapies. I will begin with highlights of our second quarter financial results. We reported second quarter diluted earnings per share of $0.79 or $0.95 when excluding the $0.16 impact of the ACA health insurance fee. We continue to expect to recoup the entire impact of the fee during the course of this year. Second quarter membership increased 23% year-over-year to 3.2 million covered lives. Premium and Service revenue grew 49% year-over-year to $3.7 billion. The HBR improved 40 basis points sequentially to 88.9. This reflects normal seasonality in our ongoing medical cost management efforts. Bill will provide further HBR detail including the new and existing business mix. We continue to see stable medical cost strength consistent with our expectations.  Now on to market and product updates. First, we will discuss recent Medicaid activity. Florida; in May, we began phasing in regions in Floridas MMA program. As of June 30, five of our nine regions had gone live. In addition, we commenced operations as the sole provider to the Child Welfare Specialty Plan, Floridas new foster care program. As of June 30, six of the 11 regions had gone live. We expect to have 20,000 foster care beneficiaries when all regions are fully operational. The implementation of these two contracts is proceeding according to plan. Theyre the primary drivers of our 36% sequential membership growth in the state. Both programs will continue to be phased in by region through August of 2014. Illinois; in July, IlliniCare subsidiary began a five-year contract with the Cook County Health and Hospital Systems to serve approximately 100,000 new members under the CountyCare program. Under the contract we will provide administrative services and specialty services including care coordination, behavioral health, pharmacy and vision. The size of the program is expected to grow as CountyCare enters additional state Medicaid programs. Mississippi; also in July we began operating under a new statewide managed care contract to continue serving members in the Mississippi CAN program. Mississippi is moving to expand the program by an additional 300,000 beneficiaries. The rollout of the expansion is expected to commence at the end of 2014 and continue through the second quarter of 2015. Moving into dual eligibles. We have successfully completed the launch of our dual eligible demonstration project in Illinois and Ohio. At June 30, we had nearly 10,000 dual eligible members in these states. Membership will continue to increase throughout the remainder of 2014 in both Illinois and Ohio. We continue to expect Michigan, South Carolina and Texas to go live with their dual demonstration projects during the first half of 2015. Shifting gears to the M&A front. On July 1, we completed a transaction that has significantly expanded our membership to Louisiana. Under this agreement, Community Health Solutions, CHS, assigned its shared savings contract covering approximately 200,000 beneficiaries to Centenes Louisiana subsidiary. The Louisiana Department of Health and Hospitals, DHH, recently announced planned changes to the Bayou Health Program. This includes a consolidation of its two models into one risk-bearing [MCO] (ph). Consistent with the states proposed changes, we are working with DHH to transition these members from the non-risk program to our full risk health plan in early 2015. The total purchase price is estimated to be between $110 million and $140 million contingent upon retained membership. Separately, Centene and CHS have entered into a business development partnership to pursue other Medicaid Management Care opportunities in new markets. Next, I will discuss our investment in Ribera Salud. Last week we completed the purchase of a noncontrolling interest in Ribera Salud, a Spanish health management group highly regarded for its ACO-like, public-private partnership health care model. Our recent or initial investment for a 50% interest was approximately $16 million. Diversification has always been a key element of Centenes growth strategy. The transaction represents our initial entry into the government-sponsored health care market in Europe and a modest investment. Now, a brief update on the ACA. First, the health insurer fee. As of today, Centene has received signed agreements from 15 of our 17 applicable states, which provide for the reimbursement of the ACA health insurance fee on a grossed-up basis. This represents approximately 60% of the total amount. We fully expect to receive 100% of the grossed-up reimbursement from our two remaining states in 2014. This is reflected in our guidance. Next, health insurance marketplaces. In January, we began operating in a subset of counties in nine states. At June 30, we had 75,700 enrolled and paid exchange lives. This is slightly ahead of our previous projection of 70,000 lives. We continue to expect the health insurance marketplaces to have a minimal impact on our 2014 financial performance. The demographics of our enrollees continue to be in line with our pricing. Members are predominantly lower income and over 90% are eligible for premium subsidies. Now Medicaid expansion. We ended the quarter with approximately 155,000 expansion lives in four states. Longer term, we continue to view this as a growth opportunity as more states adopt expansions. As to the woodwork effect, we saw only a modest impact in the second quarter. There are multiple factors that impact Centenes membership [growth] (ph) including program changes, eligibility determinations, service area expansions and Medicaid expansion among others. Given the number of variables, it is difficult to attribute membership growth directly to the woodwork effect. Our updated 2014 guidance reflects Centenes continued expectation for a limited impact from the so-called woodwork effect. Now hepatitis C therapies. We continue to manage the utilization of our new hepatitis C drugs in a responsible way on behalf of our state customers. Our experience to-date has been consistent with our estimates. The net cost impact of Centene in the second quarter of 2014 is $13.7 million. This compares to 4.2 million in the second quarter of 2013 and 7.3 million in the first quarter of 2014. Please note the incremental spend is on a higher membership base. The higher cost to new therapies is clearly recognized by all of our state partners. We continue to have productive discussions to ensure that the new therapies are properly managed and fully reflected in our reimbursement. A quick comment on rates. We expect the 2014 composite rate adjustment to be relatively flat. This is reflected in our updated guidance. In conclusion, we are pleased with our operating and financial performance in the first half of the year. We reported second quarter revenue growth of 49% and membership growth of 23%. The insurer fee is being dealt with in a proper manner by our states. Our states have also acknowledged the need to provide for adequate reimbursements with the new hepatitis C therapies. And our pipeline of future growth opportunities remains robust. We expect to maintain this positive momentum in the second half of 2014 and our raising our financial guidance for the quarter. Thank you for your interest in Centene. I will now turn the call over to Bill.
William N. Scheffel: Thank you, Michael, and good morning. For the second quarter, our Premium and Service revenues increased 49% between years to over 3.7 billion. Our diluted earnings per share increased to $0.79 or $0.95 excluding the impact associated with the health insurer fee in the quarter. This compares to $0.71 in 2013. The 49% increase in Premium and Service revenues is the result of the additions of new operations in California, New Hampshire, Centurion, the health insurance marketplace and U.S. Medical Management, expansions between years in Florida, Ohio and Washington and growth in the carrier health business. Our service revenues component increased by over $300 million between years to 410 million primarily reflecting the growth in the carrier health business along with the addition of U.S. Medical Management. Our consolidated health benefits ratio was 88.9% in the second quarter compared to 88.4% in the second quarter last year and 89.3% in the first quarter this year. The increase of 50 basis points between years is due to increased levels of higher acuity membership. Sequentially, our HBR is down by 40 basis points reflecting normal seasonality. For the second quarter, 26% of our revenues came from new business and 74% came from existing business. The portion of our revenues from new business is higher both year-over-year and sequentially. Our HBR for new business was 91.8% in the second quarter compared to 90.4% last year and 93.1% for the first quarter of 2014. As Michael indicated, our cost in the second quarter related to hepatitis C drugs increased by approximately $6 million from the first quarter, which was consistent with our expectations. We continue to discuss programs with all of our states on ways to ensure we are appropriately reimbursed for these costs going forward. At this point we are confident that the programs being established by the states will provide for adequate reimbursement. Our general and administrative expense ratio was 8.6% this quarter, an improvement of 30 basis points from last year and 20 basis points from Q1 of 2014. Last years second quarter included $0.07 of a carrier health transaction cost and the first quarter of 2014 included $0.06 of U.S. Medical Management transaction cost. Excluding transaction cost, our G&A ratio has been relatively consistent between 8.6% and 8.7% for these periods. For the second quarter, we recorded $30 million of revenue related to reimbursement for the ACA health insurer fee. At quarter end, we had signed agreements from 14 of the 17 applicable states covering the reimbursement on a grossed-up basis for income taxes. Subsequent to June 30, we added an additional state leaving California and Texas as the two remaining states for which we have not yet received signed agreements. We continue to work with our two remaining states and fully expect to receive agreements on this issue in the second half of this year. Investment income was 7.3 million in the second quarter compared to 4.1 million last year. The increase reflects higher investment balances and earnings on our equity method investments. Interest expense increased from 7 million last year to 8.6 million this year, as a result of higher average borrowings on our revolver and the issuance of $300 million or 4.75% senior notes in April of this year. Our effective income tax rate was 48.7% in the second quarter excluding the effect of noncontrolling interest. This compares to 39.2% last year and reflects the impact of the nondeductible ACA health insurer fee in 2014. Our diluted earnings per share was $0.79 for the second quarter which includes a $0.16 impact from the ACA health insurer fee. This compares to $0.71 of diluted earnings per share in the second quarter of 2013. Our second quarter of 2013 included $0.07 in transaction costs related to the carrier health acquisition. Diluted shares outstanding were 59.7 million shares for the second quarter compared to 59.4 million shares in the first quarter. At June 30, we had $2.4 billion of cash investments and restricted deposits including $15 million held by unregulated entities. Our risk-based capital continues to be in excess of 350% of the authorized control level, excluding any statutory impact related to the treatment of the ACA health insurer fee during the year. Our total debt was 891 million at June 30 including $70 million of borrowings under our revolving credit agreement. Our debt to capital ratio excluding our $71 million nonrecourse mortgage note was 35.5%. Medical claims liabilities totaled 1.4 billion at June 30 and represented 42.9 days in claims payable. Cash flow from operations was 159 million in the second quarter and 412 million year-to-date. This was 3.3 times net earnings for the second quarter and over 5 times net earnings for the first six months of 2014. Our full year 2014 guidance numbers have been updated to reflect our second quarter results. The start-up of our Illinois contract on July 1 in Cook County, the assignment of the CHS contract in Louisiana and the acquisition of a noncontrolling interest in Ribera Salud in Spain. We expect Premium and service revenues 15 billion to 15.5 billion, diluted earnings per share $3.70 to $3.90, consolidated health benefits ratio 88.7% to 89.2%, general and administrative expense ratio 8.5% to 9%, effective income tax rate 49.5% to 50.5% and diluted shares outstanding 60 million to 60.4 million shares. Weve increased our revenue guidance by $700 million to $800 million for 2014 as a result of increased membership in Medicaid, Medicaid expansion and health insurer marketplace product lines, the addition of the Cook County operations and growth in the carrier health revenues. Our EPS guidance numbers, our GAAP numbers and included absorbing approximately $0.12 of transaction costs related to Louisiana and Spain in the third quarter. Our business expansion costs for the year are estimated to be $0.60 to $0.65 and include approximately $0.18 in transaction costs related to completed transactions; $0.06 in Q1 for U.S. Medical Management and $0.12 in Q3 for Louisiana and Spain. This concludes my remarks and operator, you may now open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). The first question we have comes from Josh Raskin of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital: Hi. Thanks. Good morning.
Michael F. Neidorff: Good morning.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital: Good morning, Michael. Two top line related questions. I guess the first one is, its your Investor Day a month ago or so, you guys talked about visibility into an $18 billion top line next year without any additional wins, et cetera. It sounds like theres actually been a couple of wins or new entries since then. Did that 18 billion include what weve already seen or is that number already higher today?
Michael F. Neidorff: Bill?
William N. Scheffel: We knew in Investor Day that these transactions were coming online, so they pretty much included the two transactions which weve completed already in July.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital: Okay. But the Cook County start for the duals and Ohio as well, that was all in there?
William N. Scheffel: Right, we started Cook County July 1, so obviously in the middle of June we were well prepared for that start-up.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital: Okay. And then just a second question on the dual. I think Michael said that you got 10,000 duals in Illinois and Ohio. I guess according to the CMS report which I understand are not perfect representations of your market, you only had about 2,000 or so at the end of the second quarter. So whats the differential? Some of that youre just serving the Medicaid side of things or theyre not full duals and maybe how many full duals would you expect in Illinois and Ohio this year?
William N. Scheffel: Yes. Actually in Ohio in the dual program, they are enrolling Medicaid members first, so a substantial amount of the membership is Medicaid only in Ohio. In 2015 they will start to pass some enrollment of the Medicare portion, so there will be a little bit of a delayed impact. But the estimate for the full duals you put out is not too far away from where we are at this point.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital: Okay. And that was actually a combination of Illinois and Ohio, I think Ohio was 1,000; Illinois was a bit below that.
William N. Scheffel: Thats about right, yes.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital: Okay, got you. And then just a last question, just the increase in the premium taxes on a sequential basis. Was there something in there specifically?
Michael F. Neidorff: Well, I think we have sometimes additional payments received in a couple of states and I think we had two states that paid us additional amounts in the quarter for us to payout to providers or back to the state, either one.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital: Okay. And that was all cash. I mean it looked like the expense line went up
Michael F. Neidorff: Right.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital: Okay. All right, perfect.
Operator: Next, we have Peter Costa of Wells Fargo Securities.
Peter Costa - Wells Fargo Securities: Hi. Can you help us understand whats going on with the service line revenues, in particular Acaria and sort of how do we forecast that going forward? It seems to keep running faster and faster. Hopefully, you can tell us how is that working going forward.
Operator: We do as that you please standby. We just temporary lost connection. One moment. Thank you standing by, everyone. Sir, you may proceed.
Michael F. Neidorff: Peter, are you back on?
Peter Costa - Wells Fargo Securities: I didnt think that question was that hard. Yes, Im here.
William N. Scheffel: Apparently it was.
Michael F. Neidorff: You were on a strike and you faded out at the end.
Peter Costa - Wells Fargo Securities: Yes, let me try again. The service line revenues, can you talk about the trajectory on that line and in particular AcariaHealth and what we should expect going forward from that?
William N. Scheffel: Well, I think the service line revenue increases I indicated is primarily AcariaHealth plus the addition of U.S. Medical Management in 2014. The carrier health includes a significant amount of hepatitis C therapies that they provide as part of their programs. And we see that sort of plateauing at this point in time for the rest of the year as their product sort of slows down in second half of the year. So, primarily I would say 60% to 70% of the increase is coming out of Acaria.
Peter Costa - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. Thanks. And then can you speak about the reasons for the change in guidance on the tax rate?
William N. Scheffel: Sure. I think thats something that everybody should understand. Our normal tax rate is roughly 40% and then the non-deductibility of the health insurer fee causes it to increase by over 900 basis points, I think. And so what happens is that number  the amount of the non-deductibility that stays the same during the course of the year. And if our earnings grow, absent the health insurer fee, you wont see a corresponding increase in the health insurer fee impact, so the effective tax rate will actually go down as a result of that. So youll see more of the 40% and less of the increase of the health insurer fee. So its really nothing more complicated than that in the blend of the two as you add in more earnings from our regular operations.
Peter Costa - Wells Fargo Securities: So to be clear, the lower guidance for tax rate is due to the fact that the rest of your business improved operationally better?
William N. Scheffel: Right. The health insurer fee is static and the earnings are increasing on our normal business.
Peter Costa - Wells Fargo Securities: Perfect. Thank you very much.
Michael F. Neidorff: Thank you.
Operator: The next question we have comes from Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. Thanks. I guess, first, you guys did close a couple of deals during the quarter. Just wanted to understand if you could give us a sense of what the accretion from those transactions was, if any, like how much of the guidance raise was organic versus deals?
Michael F. Neidorff: Bill?
William N. Scheffel: Sure, Kevin. I think the deals that we closed were in the third quarter in July. And so we want to make sure that both the Louisiana transaction and the Spain transaction were done this month. We provided, for example, the transaction costs associated with those deals so everyone would understand that, pick that up in their understanding of the third quarter and then also for purposes of understanding our change in guidance that weve got $0.18 of transaction costs baked in for the full year so far for transaction costs. With respect to the accretion question, we have included in our updated guidance our estimate of the earnings and the impact of Cook County and Louisiana and for Spain. Most of those operations dont have a significant impact in the second half of the year as we do a certain amount of transition and start-up costs with those and we do have the amortization of intangibles associated with some of those transactions that we have to start dealing with. So, for the most part, nothing significant in the second half from accretion.
Michael F. Neidorff: Its not material.
Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Because I look at the guidance and if you add back the transaction costs, it seems like at the midpoint you're kind of raising the guidance by like $0.17 and it should beat consensus by $0.07 at the quarter. So it seems like the second half of the year you're raising guidance by about $0.10. But you're saying that not much of that is due to deals, just most of the core business continuing to show better results.
William N. Scheffel: Yes. I think that's a fair analysis.
Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And so I guess trying to understand a little bit about  I know you don't have a huge amount of new expansion business, but just trying to understand how you feel like that business is coming online, how you feel like the rates were set and whether the new experience is showing any unusual pent-up demand there?
William N. Scheffel: I think our newest operations include California, New Hampshire and marketplace and a few other things with duals which some of those are a little early to really know. I think the two states we've added are performing probably above our expectations at this point in time. In marketplace also we've been pleased with the medical cost trends up to this point. We added a lot of the membership for marketplace in the second quarter, so it still has time to have to develop but at this point all three of those sectors seem to be performing well.
Michael F. Neidorff: Yes, we don't want to get overly aggressive on it. As Bill said, it is very early.
Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Do you have any comment on the three Rs?
William N. Scheffel: I think with respect to the three Rs, it's almost a moot point because we're not at the point where we're in a position to record any significant amount for risk corridor or for reinsurance at this point. We would, if we were into those levels to record a corridor or large cases for reinsurance, but at this point it's been rather insignificant. But philosophically, we would record the risk corridor and the reinsurance amounts based on our actual experience in 2014 and year-to-date. With respect to risk adjustment, we don't have enough information to know how our population compares to others and whether we  how much payment would be going either way on that, so we've not recorded anything and would not intend to record anything on risk adjustment unless we got a lot more information on how our book of business compared to everyone else.
Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. All right, great. Thanks.
William N. Scheffel: Thanks.
Operator: Next, we have Matthew Borsch of Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Yes, thank you. Just wondering if you could maybe drill down a little bit on what you're seeing in terms of utilization trend and maybe just in the context of sort of what we're seeing on a macro level which is strong prescription volume trends, but relatively weak numbers for physician office visits. To be clear, that's at a very macro level. I'm not referring to Centene. So just looking for a little more granularity beyond stable trend.
William N. Scheffel: I think at this point in time, our medical cost trends have been pretty consistent with both our original expectations and what you've said. There are different component. And so clearly the cost of drugs go up every year in terms of the pricing for both brand and generics. Utilization for inpatient and outpatient has been relatively stable. And so when you look at it all, we've seen relatively minimal increases in overall utilization and the changes in our HBR as I talked about at our Investor Day in June relate a lot more to changes in mix. When we had higher acuity membership that has a higher built-in HBR, you'll see a slight increase in our HBR as that mix changes and that's what we're actually seeing at this point in time. So in terms of cost trends, I don't think we're seeing any different than what you said and nothing really of any surprising nature.
Michael F. Neidorff: We're calling the trends relatively flat, as I said in my comments, and see nothing that changes that, Matt.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I'm sorry if I missed this, but what's the update on Sovaldi and the costs that you incurred in the second quarter?
William N. Scheffel: It was a $6 million roughly increase over the first quarter.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay.
Michael F. Neidorff: But we had also as you know significant additional membership compared to last year.
William N. Scheffel: New states and new products.
Michael F. Neidorff: New states, new products.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And where are you with not  are you absorbing that at this point or where are you with additional reimbursement or kick payments for that?
Michael F. Neidorff: We're talking to states and we're at different points with different states relative to pass-throughs and the various methodology for reimbursing. And then that becomes more of an issue at the end of the year or early next year with some of the new products. We feel that the current Sovaldi tends to be plateauing out and has been absorbed within the numbers we gave you and with what the states are doing for us. So we don't see it as a material issue at this point, particularly with the discussions we're having with the states where they recognize the issue and are being very constructive. Is that fair, Mary?
Mary V. Mason: Yes, it is.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: All right, I'm good. Thank you.
Operator: Next, Justin Lake of JPMorgan. 
Justin Lake - JPMorgan: Thanks. Good morning.
Michael F. Neidorff: Good morning.
Justin Lake - JPMorgan: A couple of quick questions. First, can you give us an update  obviously a lot of growth in Florida. Can you give us an update in terms of what you're seeing in the membership there in terms of the ramp and how costs are looking versus expectations. And then can you specifically delineate for us long-term care and the long-term care rollout and what youre seeing there?
Michael F. Neidorff: I think a lot of it is very early at this point in terms of the timing rollout. Anything you want to add Bill?
William N. Scheffel: The Medicaid rollout is in process right now and will continue on for several more months. And I think the long-term care rollout is complete and we have close to 30,000 members I think in Florida in long-term care and absorbing that product nicely. The Medicaid will continue to  its too early really to give any indications of anything on an HBR. We see nothing at this point in time that would say that were seeing  the membership weve added in the new program thats any different than what we expected it to be.
Justin Lake - JPMorgan: Okay, great. And then most companies have indicated that rates and performance on members from Medicaid expansion have been running really strongly both in terms of the performance of the membership and also how the rates were set initially on Medicaid expansion. So Im just curious how to think about rate setting process for 2015 and whether you think there maybe any reset of margins lower here or are those margins kind of running in line with typical targets?
William N. Scheffel: I think that the rates that were set for Medicaid expansion were indicative of the fact that there may be a higher HBR for that population than what typically is seen, whether you say thats pent-up demand or whatever. And so weve seen that in some cases but in relationship to the rates and the actual costs they are in line with the HBR targets. So nothing there of any surprise. With respect to 2015, its too early to call in terms of what the rates might be on the Medicaid expansion portion of that and I think the states will review the actual cost data to determine whether they make any substantive changes in that. I dont know if theyll have a lot of information, new information to make substantive changes to that, so Id expect it to the great extent to carry over into 2015 similar to 2014.
Michael F. Neidorff: And the states also will be getting 100% reimbursement from the federal government so that allows them to be very realistic in their mind.
Justin Lake - JPMorgan: Got it. And when does that get communicated?
William N. Scheffel: Youre talking about rates for 2015 or what?
Justin Lake - JPMorgan: Yes, the rates for 2015.
William N. Scheffel: Each date has a different timeline for when they go through rates, so I dont know that theres a specific date at this point. Its state by state.
Michael F. Neidorff: Yes, we have tended on the earnings call after the rate has been established to discuss it at that point.
Justin Lake - JPMorgan: Great. Thanks for all the color.
Operator: Next, we have Chris Carter of Credit Suisse.
Christopher Carter - Credit Suisse: Thanks. Good morning. Just first a follow-up on Peters question. Can you maybe just quantify for us how much of a benefit youre seeing from Sovaldi on the service revenue side?
William N. Scheffel: Well, I think I would just say that its a subsidiary amount of the revenues on the service line income but its a low margin product.
Christopher Carter - Credit Suisse: I mean could you help  I guess how should we think about the margins I guess directionally when you say low margin?
William N. Scheffel: I dont think we really want to get into that level of detail for a specific product of a specific subsidiary.
Christopher Carter - Credit Suisse: Okay.
Michael F. Neidorff: Competitively.
Christopher Carter - Credit Suisse: Got it. And then next question, the new business revenue increased to 26% in the quarter from 20% last quarter but the MLR went down. I mean can you just kind of walk through the puts and takes in terms of whats driving the MLR lower?
William N. Scheffel: Every new business has a different mix and so included in new revenue still would be the new products we added and new states we added; California and New Hampshire. Theyre, as I said, performing reasonably well with this point in time. We also have the health insurance marketplace which is included in there and that runs at a lower average HBR than our normal business, the Medicaid business, so youll see when you blend that in, youll have a lower HBR for new business than you might typically have seen.
Christopher Carter - Credit Suisse: And then I guessing Floridas in there now.
William N. Scheffel: Floridas long-term care and Medicaid expansion are in there also.
Christopher Carter - Credit Suisse: Got it. All right, thank you.
Operator: Scott Fidel, Deutsche Bank.
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG: Thanks. First question just interested if you have any updates just in terms of how we should think about seasonality of EPS in the 3Q versus the 4Q? I know you mentioned the deal costs that youll have in the 3Q. And then just around the recruitment of the remaining two states. Weve been modeling that all flowing through in the third quarter. Is that a reasonable estimate or do you think we should maybe have that a bit more sort of broken out between 3Q and 4Q? So basically if we look at consensus right now, consensus has a split at around 53% EPS in 3Q and 47% in the fourth quarter. Just interested if youre comfortable with that?
Michael F. Neidorff: Scott, I think if you go back to what we said on the last call, we said that it would be in the second half and that it could easily slide into the fourth quarter some of it recognizing that states like Texas have a fiscal year September 1, and so we work through some of these things. We forecast at that point in time it could go into the fourth quarter.
William N. Scheffel: I would say absent timing for the health insurer fee, I dont know that theres anything unusual with our seasonality in Q3 or Q4 compared to our normal trends. So I would say we would expect that to be similar to prior years in that regard.
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. So on the remaining insurer fee maybe just like probability [wait] (ph) sort of the remaining two states versus three in the 4Q.
William N. Scheffel: Right now I would say just to hedge our bet I would put more of it in Q4.
Michael F. Neidorff: Yes, I mean it would be appropriate, prudent, conservative to say Q4 because we can  were concerned but what is important is that it get done and gets fully reimbursed, fully grossed-up and the difference between September 1 and October 1 is not as important to us.
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. I had a follow-up question just on Kentucky and I know you guys cant talk too much about that since the litigation is still ongoing but it does look like in the 10-Q you did have an update on some communications that the commonwealth had around their projected exposure for the state and for CMS. And just to the extent that maybe you can comment on those estimates that were provided in the 10-Q and basically just give us an update on how the litigation is developing here?
Michael F. Neidorff: Scott, when youre in the middle of litigation its moving through the court effectively, its very prudent to do nothing more than rely on what was written and thats on the base of some very good advice from very good counsel. So Im going to take a pass on trying to amplify it or describe it anymore than whats been described.
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay, thats fair enough. Just last question just on operating cash flow, again that was well above our forecast. Bill, I didnt hear you update the operating cash flow guidance for the year. Is that still the same or do you think it could be even better here given the trends in the first half?
William N. Scheffel: Well, I think our normal view has been 1.5 to 2 times. Weve obviously exceeded that for several of our years and so it wouldnt surprise me we exceed that for this year given how strong we have been through the first half.
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. Were there any specific timing issues in the 2Q that reverse in the 3Q or was that all sort of a clean number there in the second quarter?
William N. Scheffel: I think it was relatively clean.
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Next, we have A. J. Rice of UBS.
A. J. Rice - UBS Investment Bank: Thanks. Hi, everybody. Maybe a couple specific detailed questions. I appreciate the commentary around the deal cost as part of the 60, 65 in total start-up costs. Can you comment on the 42 to 47 remaining start-up costs? Have you incurred most of that already or is that  how much of that is still left to be incurred in the back half of the year?
William N. Scheffel: I think that our deal costs are  when you peel out the transaction costs tend to be relatively consistent. So I think that were probably slightly more in the second half than the first half, excluding transaction costs, but maybe $0.04 or $0.05 worth not a lot, not more than that.
A. J. Rice - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. And now that CHS is basically done, can you give us any feeling for what your thoughts are on the range of potential accretion for next year and the 200,000 or lives were talking about, what is your thought in terms of bracketing the percent that might convert to full risk to you?
Michael F. Neidorff: Yes, we typically will give you guidance with '15 in December. Weve been pretty consistent and not trying to get ahead of ourselves and well have more data at that point in time. Do you want to add anything, Jesse?
Jesse N. Hunter: Yes, I mean the only thing I would say is weve consistently provided a range of the potential outcomes on the price which is consistent with our past experience going through these types of member transitions which are subject to member choice and the process, working constructively with the state. As Michael said, we cant give anything more specific but I think our history has guided the structure, the transaction and the range of potential outcomes which is reflected in the range of value that weve consistently disclosed.
A. J. Rice - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. And then just a last technical one on the Spanish deal, where are you going to report the results of that going forward?
Michael F. Neidorff: At this point were thinking were going to likely record that as part of the specialty segments.
A. J. Rice - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. All right, thanks a lot.
Operator: Next, we have Sarah James of Wedbush.
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc.: Thank you. I wanted to circle back on 2015 revenue. I understand that Ohio has lags in dual MA enrollment by design, but in other markets like California opt-outs running at 15% to 20%. So if I were to extrapolate that and say market-wide thats where opt-out is on a fully ramped full year dual allocation for Centene, it could be over 500 million I was estimating. So Im just wondering how much of that is already baked into the $18 billion number for 2015?
William N. Scheffel: I think thats hard really to pull apart that number at point in time. Weve added in the different product lines and the growth from the different states. Its not overly scientific in terms of the specific op-out percentage that weve calculated. At this point we use more round estimates, I would say.
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc.: Okay. And then Georgia and Florida added Sovaldi to the NPDL with prior approval in April, so can you talk about the change in coverage for Georgia and Florida? How much of that contributed to the 6 million build in Sovaldi costs q-over-q? And then if you could comment just in your discussions in general with rate setters what the intention is for handling Sovaldi in the rates as they anniversary? Im not sure if its going to be big then or more likely a separate payment. Thanks.
William N. Scheffel: I think that as has been reported by many, the state by state hasnt taken different positions. Florida; its intention is to bake this in starting May 1 on the new Medicaid program with a kick payment and thats already been assumed in our guidance and other things like that. Texas, it hasnt yet been added to the PDO. We expect that to occur and well get reimbursed for that. So I dont think we want to go state by state through 20 states to say where each state is other than in general were pleased that the states have all understood the impact of these therapies and what the costs are, particularly going forward and are working on mechanisms to make sure that were fairly reimbursed for these costs.
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc.: I guess I was more talking about how the anniversary, so not this first year but next year if it moves from a kick payment to being baked in, if there is any kind of protection that you have if the amount of scripts changes?
Michael F. Neidorff: Let me try and help in the sense, Sarah, that these drugs tend to be curative and we see it plateauing off and so were having discussions with the states on utilization and all the different alternatives that are open to us now. Sovaldi is one and if thats been in the market by that time for a year, because the new one is coming out and that would take a different approach. And Mary youre in the middle of all this.
Mary V. Mason: Yes. And its good to see with all the productive conversations that we are having with the states, they do recognize and are discussing the new drugs that are on fast track for FDA approval later this year.
Michael F. Neidorff: So I think you have to really bifurcate it. Sovaldi is one issue thats plateauing out and its utilization is there, then you have the new drugs in the states and all this realize people maybe have been warehousing, its considering all those factors. And so they dont plan to see that rest on our backs. They recognize the issue and theyre working constructively. And if we saw some concerns well raise them for you.
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Next is Tom Carroll with Stifel.
Thomas Carroll - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Hi. Good morning. Just a couple of follow-ups. I want to return to the services revenue line. I guess Im not clear on where you think that might end up on a full year run rate basis. And I think you mentioned this quarter, the revenues were somewhat peaking there. I mean does that imply a $1.5 billion line item for the full year? Are you comfortable with that?
William N. Scheffel: I would say theyre plateauing as much as peaking and I think that 1.5 billion is probably a good round number for where we think well be for the year.
Thomas Carroll - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: About 400 million on a quarterly basis for the remainder of the year.
William N. Scheffel: Right, exactly. It may not be equal Q3, Q4 but something like that in total.
Thomas Carroll - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: So in thinking about that line item into next year, I think you said Sovaldi in hep C spending was a substantive heart of that growth. If hep C spending is going to either kind of continue to grow into next year or if the payer community comes together and competes it down, will this line item kind of move as hep C and specialty drugs spending will move? I guess that makes sense, right?
Michael F. Neidorff: I think Tom well be in a better position to discuss that in our December call when were talking '15. Weve always been ahead of ourselves for all the years weve been doing this. So were going to stay pretty much the same. Well talk to you about that in December.
Thomas Carroll - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Okay. Im just looking for kind of proxy for that line item to think about it into the next couple of years, but it sounds like?
William N. Scheffel: Yes, there is certainly a correlation on what you stated, but I dont know if its a perfect correlation.
Thomas Carroll - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Yes. And then secondly, I wondered if you would provide some further comment on your outlook on just kind of the rates overall and I believe your prior expectation was for kind of flat to up 2% and it sounds like youre leaning more towards flat now for the next kind of 12?
Michael F. Neidorff: Yes, thats correct. I think we expect that cross all the rate adjustments for this year, we expect it to be flat. Im not sure what more I can add to it.
William N. Scheffel: And I think thats consistent with what we said in June at the Investor Day.
Thomas Carroll - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Yes, it is. How much do you think of the kind of flat leaning rates into next year is related to like squeezing of the balloon, if you will, on the part of states? Theyve got other stuff theyre looking to fund right now. So as it comes back to establishing routine rates that weve done for years and years, do you think thats driving the flat rates?
William N. Scheffel: I really think thats a very little portion of that because I think what were really seeing as it relates to cost trends, in-patient levels, et cetera, weve got minimum HBRs in several states, experienced rebates. When you factor all of those things together there is really no impetus to have a large rate increase. I think thats why flat seems to be the norm. Its really not because the states are trying to drive the rates down for unusual reasons.
Michael F. Neidorff: If they see the utilization, we see the utilization. As weve talked about, our systems tend to be real-time and were seeing flat because we dont see the arguments for something else.
Thomas Carroll - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Next, we have Chris Rigg with Susquehanna International Group.
Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Just wanted to follow-up on a couple of earlier ones, first, related to the Medicaid expansion lives. I guess can you give us a sense just to sort of level set expansion members versus traditional members, anything on in-patient days per 1,000, ER visits per 1,000, doc visits, something to give us a sense for the relative difference between the two populations?
Michael F. Neidorff: Mary?
Mary V. Mason: I mean obviously its very limited experience at this time, but its all within expectations.
Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group: But I mean is the expansion population running meaningfully different than the traditional population or you just dont have enough info at this time?
Michael F. Neidorff: I think that from an HBR standpoint its probably similar but were getting higher rates.
Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group: Sure.
Michael F. Neidorff: So as you result, you say its a higher cost than what the typical population has been. Whether that continues well just have to see over time. What would happen is they would sort of come together.
Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group: Okay. And then my follow-up again is on hep C. I just want to be clear, peaking versus plateauing. When we think about the net cost in the second quarter, I think you said 15.7 million. Is that number expected to go down in Q3 and further down in Q4 or how should we expect total net cost to run for the year?
William N. Scheffel: I think the number that was stated was 13.7.
Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group: Okay.
William N. Scheffel: Which was an increase of 6 million  net cost of 6 million quarter-over-quarter. And at this point in time we think its plateauing whether  if it stays that high well have to wait and see but certainly weve seen the number of starts reduce, things like that, so we think until the new drugs come on later in the year and next year, we dont expect it to see the same level of growth.
Michael F. Neidorff: I think Marys comment to us in meetings that the starts are plateauing.
Mary V. Mason: Right. So youre not only seeing a lower number of starts but youre also seeing people who are started earlier in Q1 and early Q2 completing their course of treatment. So we are seeing and it is plateauing.
Michael F. Neidorff: So lets call it plateauing and kind of leave it at that.
Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group: Okay, great. Thanks, guys.
Michael F. Neidorff: Thank you.
Operator: Next, we have Andy Schenker with Morgan Stanley.
Andrew Schenker - Morgan Stanley: Good morning. Just to talk about the exchanges and marketplaces, I mean earlier you said the demographics were in line with your expectations. Can you maybe just talk about how thats feeding into your pricing expectations for next year and how youre positioning yourself? I mean a few news reports of some declines in a few states, obviously probably a few increases as well and could you just follow-up on the position for '15?
William N. Scheffel: The membership demographics are, as you indicated, in line with what we expect. What we continue to target, the lower income Medicaid churn population and thats why so many of our members are eligible for subsidies as well as our average age is within the range of expectations. For pricing for 2015, its really too early to give any across the board indications. Its very much state-by-state and I think that well see  we go through a state-by-state analysis and where we come out on pricing will depend on the specifics that we see. But I think its too early to know until later when prices are revealed in October.
Andrew Schenker - Morgan Stanley: And maybe just a follow-up on that then. I mean in general obviously youre actually slightly ahead on enrollment this quarter than what youve kind of suggested towards last [quarter] (ph). Are you generally happy with your enrollment numbers and therefore looking for maybe stable enrollment as the markets expand or any views on trying to increase your penetrations in some of your markets or is it just each market is so different that its hard to generalize?
William N. Scheffel: Again, were viewing the marketplace as an opportunity in states where it can be complementary to our Medicaid population. So we think we will see some growth as the market grows, but its still going to be a relatively modest part of our business going forward.
Andrew Schenker - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then maybe just going back to the business expansion cost here, I just want to make sure Im understanding this right. So youve now target $0.60 to $0.65 for the year versus $0.55 to $0.60 which is your guidance last quarter but you added $0.12 of transaction costs, so net-net is it right to think youre kind of lower by $0.06, $0.07 base expansion cost outlook for the rest of the year or were there other moving parts Im not properly factoring there?
William N. Scheffel: I think your point is that we didnt increase the business expansion cost by the level of the transaction cost we talked about for Q3 and I think thats a fact and that theyre slightly down in terms of our estimate for our business expansion cost excluding transaction cost, not by a lot.
Andrew Schenker - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Next, we have Ana Gupte of Leerink.
Ana Gupte - Leerink: Thanks. Good morning. Wanted to follow-up quickly on the rate changes by state in your outlook thats flat. Any thoughts on how states that are expanding Medicaid might think about the rate increases for the expansion lives relative to the base population given the full federal subsidy around it? Are you thinking about it that way at all?
William N. Scheffel: No, I think states will go through their normal process while looking at rates for the Medicaid expansion population and go through the same actuarial analysis eventually based on the experience, so I dont think there will be anything unique about how theyll approach those rates compared to how they do on the core Medicaid business.
Michael F. Neidorff: Yes, I think its important our numbers in terms of the rate trends for 2014 are flat. Were not giving any rate trends for 2015 at this point.
Ana Gupte - Leerink: So it could be a positive rate change. At this point youre not saying that '15 is flat.
Michael F. Neidorff: Were not saying anything. Ana, were really saying  were working on it now to having discussions and by December 15 we expect well be able to give you a good indication.
Ana Gupte - Leerink: Okay. I want to follow-up again on the CHS transaction. I think a couple of people asked I guess on the accretion for next year. Just trying to ask it a little bit differentially perhaps then. If you take your sort of mid (indiscernible) MLR in Louisiana, maybe youre SG&A shy of 10%. If you assume the risks and move to risk lives, what is sort of the timeline for a transition to get up to the max accretion you could get on that transaction?
William N. Scheffel: I think that theres still a lot of things to happen in Louisiana with respect to this transition, et cetera and so were not prepared to talk about 2015 numbers for either membership or for the accretion that might come out of there. We have experienced in a number of states where we have added the membership to an existing plan thats generally gone well for us, but were not quantifying that at this point in time. And as Michael indicated in our Investor Day in December, well probably have lot more  were lot farther along in the process and be able to give a little more
Michael F. Neidorff: I think people who know us well enough that if we try to do something now, were going to be conservative beyond what really one would be in December. We have a good view and the mislead in that direction is just as bad as being too optimistic. So its just a little early.
Ana Gupte - Leerink: Okay, fine. And then moving on to duals, looking at the experience that you have so far, would you then say that youre breaking then for '14? And what would be the timeframe to get to sort of that 3%-ish to 5%-ish margin outlook in light of the savings that are being the schedule thats being stipulated?
William N. Scheffel: I think right now our duals experience is fairly limited in terms of the amount of time weve been doing this in the Illinois and Ohio areas, so were not giving any projections in terms of when we would get to normal run rates, et cetera; well see.
Ana Gupte - Leerink: But do you still think 3% to 5% is achievable at all or is there any reason to back off from that?
William N. Scheffel: I think the 3% to 5% we talk about are for our overall book of business and individual pieces can vary from that. And so I think well have to wait to see how our experience shakes out on the product over time and see, but well stand by the 3% to 5% for the overall book of business but the individual pieces I dont think we really want to speak to.
Ana Gupte - Leerink: And then the final question on the exchanges again, just a final follow-up on the '15. Looking at your rate changes for 2015 and several of the states that disclosed it, some of your peers that have at least said that theyve had some experience adverse experience in the first quarter, maybe even the early part of the second and their rate increases are quite substantial for '15. Yours have not been. Is that a way to  it can run into a (indiscernible) but that would mean that your '14 experience looked more favorable perhaps or again positive margin experience that youre looking more to gain share at this point over worrying about the margin for next year?
William N. Scheffel: I think part of that is where youre coming from and so depending on what youre initial rates were in 2014 and others were much more aggressive than we were in terms of the rates. Rone can speak to this in more detail, but I think were pretty happy with where we started from and were making our adjustments from that base.
K. Rone Baldwin: I think Bill said it well that in most states we are fairly considerably priced and that was reflected in our competitive position that clearly what our starting point is as we look at our rates for 2015. And again, as we said previously, there have been no real concerns or surprises based on our experience so far but its very early as well.
Michael F. Neidorff: Just look at our target which is the low end of current net worth that type of thing.
Ana Gupte - Leerink: But its still targeted the margin. I think you talked about  I forget now youre MLR. You said something and I gave it which was quite a nice result and youre sort of sticking with that since then. No changes there.
William N. Scheffel: I think were talking about low 80s for the original HBR for the marketplace and  our pricing had one thing built into it and then we were putting into our guidance mid-80s.
Ana Gupte - Leerink: Thank you.
Operator: Next, we have Steve Halper of FBR.
Steven Halper - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Yes, just two quick questions; the non-regulated cash on the balance sheet, was that 50 million or 15 million?
William N. Scheffel: Yes, 5-0.
Steven Halper - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: 5-0, thank you. And then going back to the Texas process to get the ACA fee, is that sort of wrapped up in your rate discussions for the coming year or is it a separate category?
William N. Scheffel: Each state has their own process to go through to deal with this particular issue and so the state of Texas is working through their process as we speak. And when its all concluded, it will depend on how much they need to do the review and deal with it.
Steven Halper - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Right, but is it  your discussions with the state, is it wrapped up in sort of a normal rate discussion?
William N. Scheffel: Its really separate.
Michael F. Neidorff: Its separate. To my knowledge they have separate discussions, same people, separate discussions.
Steven Halper - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Yes, thats fair. Thank you.
Michael F. Neidorff: Thank you.
Operator: Next, we have Dave Windley of Jefferies.
David Windley - Jefferies: Hi. Just a follow-up on Steves question there. Can you talk about what the gating factor is in the Texas process? Is it around the way that they will make that payment or is it  they kind of need a fiscal year deadline to push them to a decision? Is there  I guess why is their process taking longer than others states is essentially the question?
Michael F. Neidorff: Its just that you have various states, you have different politics, you have different elections taking place. You have a lot of different issues getting people to focus on as much as anything. The people were talking to are discussing it, theyre working it through their process. They have a whole process for any budget variations that are involved. And as we saw when we were talking rates in the Hidalgo Valley and others a year ago, they have a way of getting through it. Its not how fast but how well.
David Windley - Jefferies: Okay. Separately on utilization, were you able to tell
Michael F. Neidorff: I just want to make a point that up to this point, Texas has always been a responsible good partner that you can talk to these things about, so were comfortable with this.
David Windley - Jefferies: Very good. So on utilization, were you able to tell in the second quarter if any of your utilization experience showed any kind of bounce back from the weather depression in the first quarter? In order words if not for that, would MLRs have been even better?
Michael F. Neidorff: Mary?
Mary V. Mason: No, we did not see any of the bounce back from the weather.
David Windley - Jefferies: Okay, great. And then last question, I believe CMS has taken up an initiative to look at, at how states are setting rates kind of looking at the overall rate setting process and the adequacy of that. Are you aware of that and how long do you think that kind of study will take and what the outcome of that might be?
Michael F. Neidorff: Rone will add to it. CMS has always had to sign off on the stage rate, so I mean that part is not new.
K. Rone Baldwin: Were not particularly seeing anything notable or significant based on the actions theyre taking at this point.
David Windley - Jefferies: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Brian Wright, Sterne Agee.
Brian Wright - Sterne Agee: Thanks. Good morning.
Michael F. Neidorff: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Wright - Sterne Agee: Thank you. The number of employees accelerated. Youve been hiring a lot given your growth, but in the most recent  this quarter it was up like 10.5% sequentially and thats versus 8% in the prior quarter. Im assuming this is an anticipatory kind of employment growth. Is there any chance that that slows down a little bit for the back half of the year?
William N. Scheffel: A lot of those is new programs we added during the quarter, so Florida has had lot of activity, for example, weve added a lot of people in Florida for the expansion for the Medicaid program and thats  when you see jumps like that is typically because of new products being added. It could be duals, it could be Cook Country where were anticipating that starting July 1 in Florida.
Michael F. Neidorff: Yes, and its going to be product specific too. I mean you have a lot more case workers when youre dealing with tools and long-term care. So it will be quarter-by-quarter based on what we see the growth to be. You always have to try and bring them out a little bit ahead of time.
Brian Wright - Sterne Agee: So its a function of predictive a quarter of two ahead of what youre going to see then? Is that the best way to kind of think about it?
William N. Scheffel: Its aligned with the start-ups.
Brian Wright - Sterne Agee: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Next, we have Kim Purvis of Cross Current Research.
Kimberly Purvis - Cross Current Research: Hi. Id like to approach the Medicaid expansion from a slightly different angle. Can you give us any additional color on the demographics of that group; male, female age, anything would be appreciated? Thanks.
K. Rone Baldwin: I dont have anything really to specify the distinction of the Medicaid expansion group from what were seeing elsewhere in terms of it other than depending on the state-by-state kind of previous eligibility standards what income levels are coming in compared to the previous ones. But its generally tracking based on my understanding what were seeing broadly in the Medicaid programs.
Kimberly Purvis - Cross Current Research: But it wouldn't be sort of the typical [tenant] (ph) population. I'm assuming it's going to be more single adults, more individuals, along that line.
K. Rone Baldwin: No, it is more adults than children theres no question about that, but with respect to more specifics on the demographics than that, I dont think again other than what you generally see with income, were not seeing a dramatic difference.
Kimberly Purvis - Cross Current Research: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Carl McDonald, Citigroup.
Carl McDonald - Citigroup Inc.: Great, thanks. Had a bigger picture specialty pharma question. So it seemed like the industry got caught off guard by Sovaldi and specific to the Medicaids as we know weren't able to get it into rates ahead of time. Given the pipeline of specialty pharma drugs that's coming over the next couple of years, are there  maybe Sovaldi's the unique situation, but are there ways that you can get in front of that and get states to incorporate these things into rates ahead of time so that we don't sort of have to constantly go through this? Can we get it into rates after the fact and potentially lose money in the process?
Michael F. Neidorff: I think were taking that point to the states. I think the states are as well. They're learning from the experience and what we established for the next line of hep C drugs we see for other drugs coming in the future. Once again, its going to be the size of the population. Theres some smaller population that some specialty pharma that are even more expensive. Its a smaller group and it may not be curative, it may be ongoing therapy. So what it is, is going to determine how we work at the states. Its not one size cuts all or  its not a cookie cutter. You have to look at it and just show your flexibility and work with them effectively.
Carl McDonald - Citigroup Inc.: And then to follow up on a response Mary had to one of the prior questions, when you said you didn't see a bounce back from the weather, were you saying that utilization levels in 2Q were similar to 1Q or are you saying 2Q utilization returned to normal, you just didn't see any pull-through of the 1Q utilization on top of the normal amount?
Mary V. Mason: Right. What I was referring to with the bounce back is I know there was a concern because of those days, I believe it was the end of January or early February that we would be seeing a lot more utilization in the coming months which we did not see. As we said with utilization, it was very stable utilization trends, flat ER, maybe a decrease in patient trends. So everything really looked very stable.
William N. Scheffel: I think within Q1 that might have been higher  seen that in March, we saw the weather was early in the quarter so if there was any deferred impact, a lot of that would have showed up in March. Second quarter stood on its own with normal seasonality compared to prior years.
Carl McDonald - Citigroup Inc.: Okay. Thank you very much.
Michael F. Neidorff: Thank you.
Operator: At this time, we have no further questions. Well go ahead and conclude todays question-and-answer session. I will now like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Michael Neidorff for any closing remarks. Sir?
Michael F. Neidorff: I just want to thank everybody and look forward to reporting Q3 to you. Thank you.
Operator: We thank you sir and to the rest of the management team for your time today. The conference call has now concluded. We thank you all for attending today's presentation. At this time, you may disconnect your lines. Thank you and have a great day everyone.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-22 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Edmund E. Kroll - Senior Vice President of Finance & Investor Relations Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President William N. Scheffel - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer K. Rone Baldwin - Executive Vice President of Insurance Group Business Unit Mary V. Mason - Chief Medical Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Christopher R. Carter - Credit Suisse (Deutschland) Aktiengesellschaft Albert J. Rice - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division Andrew Schenker - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Michael A. Newshel - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Scott J. Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Ana Gupte - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division David A. Styblo - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Michael J. Baker - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Carl R. McDonald - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Thomas A. Carroll - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Centene Corporation First Quarter 2014 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ed Kroll, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Edmund E. Kroll: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on our first quarter earnings call. Michael Neidorff, Chairman and CEO; and Bill Scheffel, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Centene, will host this morning's call. The call should last approximately 45 minutes and may also be accessed through our website at centene.com. A replay will be available shortly after the call's completion, also at centene.com, or by dialing (877) 344-7529 in the U.S. and Canada, or in other countries by dialing (412) 317-0088. The access code for the playback is 10041412. Any remarks that Centene may make about future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provision under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in Centene's most recently filed Form 10-Q dated today, April 22, 2014, and other public SEC filings. Centene anticipates that subsequent events and developments will cause its estimates to change. While the company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. As a reminder, our next Investor Day is Friday, June 13, 2014, in New York City. Please mark your calendars. With that, I'd like turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Michael Neidorff. Michael?
Michael F. Neidorff: Thank you, Ed. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining Centene's first quarter 2014 earnings call. During the course of today's call, we will discuss our strong first quarter results, market and product updates, and bring you up to date on how we are dealing with issues associated with the ACA and hepatitis C in the normal course of our business. I will begin with highlights of our first quarter financial results. We reported first quarter diluted earnings per share of $0.57 or $0.79 when excluding $0.06 of USMM transaction costs and $0.16 of net costs for the ACA health insurer fee. We expect to recoup the $0.16 during the course of this year. First quarter membership increased 13% year-over-year to 2.9 million covered lives. Premium and Service revenues grew 38% year-over-year to $3.4 billion. The faster premium growth relative to membership growth was driven by the continued growth in higher acuity beneficiaries. Our average premium per member per month increased 17% year-over-year to $355. The HBR improved 90 basis points year-over-year to 89.3%. This reflects a lower level of flu costs compared to the first quarter of 2013, as well as reduced utilization associated with the severe weather. We continue to see underlying 2014 medical cost trends as consistent with our expectations, similar to 2013. Now on to market and product updates. First, we'll discuss recent Medicaid activity. Florida. We completed the rollout of the long-term care program during Q1. The phase-in of this program was successfully orchestrated by the state, resulting in a smooth transition of our expanded membership. Centene is now the largest long-term care MCO in Florida. We ended the quarter with 29,700 long-term care lives. Separately, we continue to expect the MMA program to begin phasing in by region during the second quarter of 2014. We anticipate an equally smooth transition for this program [ph]. California. In November of 2013, we commenced operations in California under 2 separate contracts. Both contracts are performing in line with our expectations. Membership at March 31 was 118,100 lives. This represents a 22% sequential increase. We continue to see future growth opportunities in that state. New Hampshire. We launched our health plan in December of 2013. Thus far, the performance is consistent with expectations. Membership at quarter end was 37,100 lives. Massachusetts. In January, we began operating under Massachusetts -- or MassHealth CarePlus program in all 5 regions. Membership at March 31 was 33,400, which excludes our Centurion and exchange membership in the state. Moving into dual eligibles. We continue to view dual eligibles as a significant growth opportunity. We have successfully completed readiness reviews in Illinois and Ohio, and expect a ramp-up of members during the remainder of 2014. South Carolina and Michigan are expected to go live in late 2014 or early 2015. Next some comments on Centurion. We successfully launched our third state correctional contract in January in Minnesota. Our joint venture with MHM provides a compelling alternative for state governments to address their correctional health needs. At March 31, we covered 41,000 inmates. Shifting gears to the M&A front. We closed on our 68% investment in U.S. Medical Management in early January. This allows Centene to move from influencing health care costs to managing them. USMM is a critical tool in serving the complex needs and costs of Centene's high-acuity populations. Next, I will discuss our proposed investment in Ribera Salud. We recently signed a definitive agreement to purchase a noncontrolling interest in Ribera Salud S.A., a Spanish health management group located in Valencia. Ribera Salud is highly regarded for its ACO-like, public-private partnership health care model known as the Alzira Model. This transaction is a good strategic fit as it closely aligns with our core competencies, including systems and medical management through Spain's government-sponsored health care programs. Diversification has always been a key element of Centene's growth strategy. This transaction represents an opportunistic entry into Europe. Our initial investment for the 50% interest is less than $20 million. This excludes letters of credit that will be issued at closing. We clearly have the bandwidth to deal with this opportunity. It will not impede our ability to continue to pursue the ample growth opportunities in the U.S. The management team of Ribera Salud is extremely capable, and our equity partner, Banco Sabadell, is a financially strong and well-respected institution. We expect this transaction to close in the second quarter. I will now comment on the ACA. First, the ACA health insurer. As of March 31, Centene has received signed agreements from 13 of our applicable states, which provide for the reimbursement of the ACA health insurance fee on a grossed-up basis. This represents 60% of the total. Ongoing discussions with our 4 remaining states are positive, and we continue to believe that the fee will be covered in a similar manner. CMS has been supportive in working with states on this matter. We remain confident that we will receive 100% grossed-up reimbursement for the ACA health insurer fee in 2014. This is fully reflected in our guidance. Bill will go into further detail on this topic. Next, Health Insurance Marketplaces. We continue to expect the Health Insurance Marketplaces to have a minimal impact on our 2014 financial performance. In January, we began operating in a subset of counties in 9 states. We have approximately 39,700 enrolled and paid exchange members at March 31. We continue to expect marketplace enrollment to be in the vicinity of 70,000 lives by the end of the second quarter. The demographics of our enrollees are generally in line with our pricing expectations. The average age is 43 years. Members are predominantly lower income, over 80% are eligible for premium subsidies. It is still too early to comment on the acuity levels of our marketplace membership. While we continue to take a measured approach towards our participation in exchanges, we believe our early participation will give us valuable experience for longer-term marketplace opportunities. Now Medicaid expansion. We ended the quarter with approximately 100,000 expansion lives in 4 states, which was above our 65,000 expectation. As we have previously noted, the majority of our states are not participating in Medicaid expansion in 2014. Longer term, we view this as a growth opportunity as more states adopt expansion. Now I will comment on the new hepatitis C drugs. We are pleased that new curative therapies have been approved for the treatment of hepatitis C. We will manage the utilization of these drugs in a responsible way on behalf of our state customers. The high cost of these drugs has raised investor concerns about a potential adverse effect on our HBR. Let's look at factors that determine when drugs are appropriate, as well as the benefit of our specialty pharma capabilities, which is part of our integrated strategy. Acaria has experienced that we have leverage to develop guidelines for patient compliance. Some states, including Texas, do not yet have new drugs on their preferred drug list. It is anticipated that when the new drugs are added, we will be compensated for the additional cost. Additionally, Centene has limited risk in our correctional business through contractual protections. The oral medications are FDA-approved for 16% of the total hep C population, represented by genotypes 2 and 3. They are also recommended in cases where progressive cirrhosis and advanced liver disease are factors, as suggested by the World Health Organization. We have implemented medical management practices to ensure compliance with appropriate and recognized guidelines. The cost impact to Centene in the first quarter of 2014 is $7.3 million. This compares to $4.7 million in the first quarter of 2013. The incremental $2.6 million is on a higher membership base. As with all cost categories, our guidance includes an updated estimate of the incremental cost of the new hep C drugs. Our experience to date has been consistent with our estimates. We're working with our states on an ongoing basis to ensure the cost of new therapies is properly reflected in our reimbursement. It is important to note these new therapies are curative, thus it is possible that longer-term savings will be realized from reducing other medical costs associated with hepatitis C. It is still too early to quantify these possible savings. A quick comment on rates. We continue to expect a composite rate adjustment of 0 to 2% in 2014. This is exclusive of any appropriate reimbursement for the ACA health insurer fee and hepatitis C, which are being negotiated separately. In conclusion, our solid first quarter results have 2014 off to a strong start. When evaluating our progress on a year-over-year basis, one can really see the impact of our growth and diversification strategies. Centene became the health plan with the largest long-term care membership in Florida. In addition, we won 9 out of 11 regions in Florida's MMA program. We added 2 important specialty companies: Acaria and U.S. Medical Management. We added 2 new states: California and New Hampshire. We now manage medical costs in correctional facilities in 3 states: Tennessee, Massachusetts and Minnesota. Centene began operating in Health Insurance Marketplaces in 9 states, and we have multiple dual-eligible contracts. We remain confident in our strategic approach and look forward to the remainder of 2014 and beyond. I'll now turn the call over to Bill.
William N. Scheffel: Thank you, Michael, and good morning. As a recap of our first quarter results released this morning, we reported significant increases in both revenues and earnings. Premium and Service revenues increased 38% over last year's first quarter, and diluted earnings per share was $0.57; $0.79 if you add back $0.06 in U.S. Medical Management transaction costs and $0.16 impact from the ACA health insurer fee for the first quarter, which we expect to recoup later in the year. At a more detailed level, our Premium and Service revenues were $3.4 billion this quarter compared to $2.4 billion in the first quarter last year. The 38% increase between years is a result of new operations for California, New Hampshire, Centurion and Health Insurer Marketplace; expansions in Florida and Ohio; and the addition of AcariaHealth and U.S. Medical Management. Service revenue increased by $248 million year-over-year to $281 million. This primarily reflects the addition of the AcariaHealth business acquired on April 1, 2013. The consolidated health benefits ratio for 2014 was 89.3% compared to 90.2% in the first quarter of 2013 and 88.1% in the fourth quarter of 2013. Compared to last year's first quarter, this -- the first quarter this year benefited from lower flu costs and lower utilization due to the effect of the inclement weather in many of our markets. In addition, the effect of the ACA parity payments increased our HBR by 20 basis points this quarter, due to recording approximately $68 million of revenue and medical expense for amounts received from the states. Sequentially, our HBR rose by 120 basis points, primarily due to the impact of recording a higher HBR in the initial periods of operations for California and New Hampshire, the Medicaid expansion membership in 4 states and the Florida long-term care business. For the first quarter, approximately 20% of our revenues were from new business compared to 37% in last year's first quarter. The HBR for new business was 93.1% compared to 88.3% for existing business. For last year's first quarter, the HBR for new business was 93.7% and 88.2% for existing business. Our general and administrative expense ratio was 8.8% this year compared to 8.4% in last year's fourth quarter -- first quarter, I'm sorry, and 8.9% in the fourth quarter of 2013. Business expansion costs in the first quarter were approximately $0.13 a share this year, including the $0.06 of U.S. Medical Management transaction costs compared to $0.09 last year. The additional business expansion cost had the impact of raising our G&A ratio in the first quarter by approximately 20 basis points compared to the first quarter of 2013. In the first quarter this year, we recorded approximately $30 million of revenue related to the reimbursement of the ACA health insurer fee. We received signed agreements from 13 of 17 applicable states covering the reimbursements on a grossed-up basis for income taxes, and we recorded revenue representing approximately 60% of the total expected reimbursement amount. The 60% is slightly higher than we disclosed in our Form 8-K earlier this month as a result of additional clarification received from certain states regarding the amount of Premium revenue defined as long-term care revenue. Long-term care revenue is excluded from the calculation of the health insurer fee. And of the remaining amount of revenue to be recognized, the Texas operations represent approximately 38% of the 40%. As we previously indicated, we believe that we will receive reimbursement for the full year from our ongoing state customers for the ACA health insurer fee on a grossed-up basis. Importantly, during the first quarter, CMS has been providing assistance to the states in structuring appropriate reimbursement arrangements. Moving on. Investment income increased from $4.3 million last year to $4.7 million this year, reflecting higher investment balances. Interest expense increased from $6.6 million to $7 million between years. The increase in interest expense is due to higher balances on our revolving credit line during the first quarter. Our effective income tax rate was 50.5%, excluding the effects of noncontrolling interest. Without the impact of the ACA health insurer fee, our tax rate would have been 40.9% compared to 39.4% in the first quarter of 2013. And our diluted earnings per share for the first quarter this year was $0.57 compared to $0.41 last year. Diluted shares outstanding were 59.4 million shares for the first quarter compared to 57.1 million shares for the fourth quarter of 2013. The increase is primarily due to the 2.2 million shares issued for the U.S. Medical Management investment in January. On March 31, we had cash, investments and restricted deposits of $2.2 billion, including $49 million held by unregulated entities. Our risk-based capital continues to be in excess of 350% of the authorized control level, excluding any temporary statutory impact related to the ACA health insurer fee during the year. Our total debt was $817 million at March 31 this year, including $295 million of borrowings under our revolving credit agreement. Our debt-to-capital ratio, excluding our $72 million nonrecourse mortgage note, was 34.4% compared to 32.4% at December 31. Medical claims liability totaled $1.3 billion at quarter end and represented 42.6 days in claims payable compared to 42.4 days at December 31. Cash flow from operations was $252 million for the first quarter, which is almost 8x net earnings for the quarter. We continue to expect cash flow from operations to be in the 1.5x to 2x net earnings range for all of 2014. In early January, we closed on our investment of a 68% interest in U.S. Medical Management. U.S. Medical Management's operations are included in the consolidated financial statements since January 6. The cost of the investment was $215 million, which was financed through the issuance of 2.2 million shares of Centene stock and $82 million of cash. Our 2014 guidance numbers have been updated to reflect our first quarter results. We expect Premium and Service revenues, $14.2 billion to $14.8 billion; diluted earnings per share, $3.60 to $3.90; consolidated health benefits ratio, 88.7% to 89.2%; general and administrative expense ratio, 8.5% to 9%; effective income tax rate, 50% to 51%; and diluted shares outstanding, 59.7 million to 60.2 million shares. We have increased our revenue guidance by $400 million as a result of additional revenue from dual-eligible membership, Medicaid expansion membership and AcariaHealth. Our EPS guidance has increased by $0.10, reflecting our favorable first quarter performance. Our guidance numbers are GAAP numbers and include the $0.06 of U.S. Medical Management transaction costs. Retroactive to January 1, we expect to be reimbursed on a grossed-up basis for the impact of the ACA health insurer fee for all of our ongoing states. We've also included an updated amount for hepatitis C-related costs for the remainder of the year in the 2014 guidance. Lastly, our business expansion costs for 2014 are estimated to be $0.55 to $0.60, including the U.S. Medical Management transaction costs. Operator, you may now open up the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Josh Raskin of Barclays.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just first, clarification on the hepatitis C cost. So what do you do in a state like Texas, where it's theoretically not on the formulary and you're not getting paid for it at this point?
Michael F. Neidorff: When the state doesn't include it in the formulary, it's not a covered expense, Josh. Now in discussions, the states know that, and at the same time, we're having discussions that when they do decide to exclude it, if they have their own guidelines for use of something, they're paying the cost.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So if a patient -- if a Centene member is -- has hepatitis C and is prescribed Sovaldi and incurs $84,000 in costs and then you receive the claim, what happens there?
Michael F. Neidorff: One, it's just not paid. It's a denied benefit. It's not a covered benefit in the state of Texas. The state of Texas knows it's not on the formulary and we are obligated to follow state guidelines.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Right, okay, that's fair. And then the doctor has to figure it out from there? Is that the idea?
Michael F. Neidorff: Yes, I mean, they work it out. And they -- I'm sure the state is working through it. We'll follow the state guidelines and then we'll manage it consistent with appropriate guidelines, as we've done everywhere else. I think we also have to keep in mind that if you think about the number of requests they probably get, take the 16% of the total population of all hepatitis may be qualified. But it's exclusive to those that are severely ill. And then you take those at a level where they need it, so the numbers may not be quite as large as it might seem in our population. That's to be proven.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Second question. State of Washington, obviously, the growth was way above what we were looking for. I know it's an expansion state. I know you guys have done well there historically. But I'm just curious, is there anything specific to Washington that -- just from a sequential membership perspective?
Michael F. Neidorff: We're doing our normal process, and Rone, would you like to add something?
K. Rone Baldwin: I think Washington is one state where the impact of Medicaid expansion has been very significant. But also, it is -- I would say, broadly, if you look at our membership statistics, we can't see broadly the impact of the woodwork effect that's been talked about. But I do think that in Washington, there is some clear signs that the woodwork effect has had an impact there as well. And the third piece of it is that there has been some meaningful enrollment in the exchange product in Washington also. So all 3 of those have contributed to the sequential increase of membership in Washington.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. So there's sustainable growth there. And then just a last question, I guess, if you take a step back, your net margin was just under 1%, maybe 1.25% if you exclude the impact of the fee. As we think about sort of longer term, getting into that 1.5% to 2% or maybe even 2% to 2.5% range on a net margin basis, how should we think about the timing of that? I mean, I understand when you're growing the top line at 30% plus, it's going to be difficult to see that. But is that -- is 2015 a possibility? Or do we think this is 2016 and beyond once the growth normalizes?
Michael F. Neidorff: Well, I think we'll see more normalization this year. But Bill, you may want to comment on that.
William N. Scheffel: Yes, I think the first quarter is usually a little tighter quarter on the margins. And I think as the year goes on, we'll see continued expansion of the margins and -- because we've got a lot of new business in areas like long-term care and we're recording at higher levels of HBR in the initial period of operation. So as the year progresses, I think that -- we'll put some of that behind us.
Michael F. Neidorff: It's about 2% pretax this quarter, and we're looking for -- to move it to a 3% level and that's still our goal, to continue to improve margin. As Bill said, Q1 tends to be an unusual quarter.
William N. Scheffel: Yes.
Operator: Our next question is from Peter Costa of Wells Fargo.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: A couple of questions. First, on the ACA fee, you talked about that being $150 million, and a little less than that this quarter on the run rate. So do you expect that to continue to grow through the year? That's the first question.
William N. Scheffel: Okay, so the health insurer fee, as what we've said, is we recorded approximately $30 million of revenue related to the reimbursement for the health insurer fee and we also expensed about $30 million. Right now, what we said is we've -- originally, I think I had said we expected the year to be around $135 million of total cost for 2014. And I think based on some of the refinement of the -- splitting out the long-term care revenue in a couple of our markets, that number has come down to a little below $130 million for the year. And so again, we continue to feel that we're required to expense the fee on a quarterly basis and record the revenue. We have the signed agreements, and we expect this is a timing issue within the year when this will take care of itself.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And the Service revenues look considerably higher than I expected them to be, some of that is USMM, but what else is driving that?
William N. Scheffel: No, I said that was primarily AcariaHealth that was driving that.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: So it's primarily AcariaHealth in that number? Okay.
William N. Scheffel: Correct, year-over-year.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And then the Sovaldi cost, when you said that, that would be in line with expectations -- with your expectations, but Texas, you're not paying any scripts there, so it's like 40% of your revenues where you're not paying for those scripts. So are you saying in line overall or you're saying in line even with that being excluded?
Michael F. Neidorff: I think we are forecasting what we expect we'll see from Texas and all our states throughout the course of the year. And in case of Texas, for example, we're in discussions now on the coverage of it and the reimbursement of it. So all the things that we know today to be factors in it, we've put in our revised guidance.
Operator: Our next question is from Kevin Fischbeck of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, great. I just want to go back, I guess, to the -- one of the prior questions there about the Service revenue. You said Acaria had a year-over-year increase, but sequentially it was up pretty dramatically and I think that the U.S. Medical was only supposed to do about $240 million annually, so that doesn't seem to explain the sequential increase.
Michael F. Neidorff: No. I mean, Acaria, of course, is one of the largest providers of the hepatitis C drug and other specialty pharmas and so we're seeing some of the benefit of that. But it's a mix of specialty pharma. You may recall that when we entered that business as a strategic entry, we saw, with specialty pharma, it would be moving to 40% of the pharmacy spend and growing from there. So Kevin, it's really all a case of just anticipating that and seeing it come through across a mix, including the hepatitis C drugs.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then I guess, when you mentioned the revenue increase, you mentioned the Services revenue, you mentioned duals, I forget there was one more. Is it Medicaid expansion? Was that the third reason?
Michael F. Neidorff: Yes.
William N. Scheffel: The increase in our guidance on revenue was due to all of those factors.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And I think you mentioned the duals first. Is that, from order of magnitude, the biggest driver?
William N. Scheffel: I think that's probably true. I think what we said -- remember, when we started the year in our early discussions in December, we didn't have a lot in there for duals. And as we've got further into 2014, those start dates have crystallized a little better and so we've been adding that revenue in, particularly in the second half of the year.
Michael F. Neidorff: In long-term care, we've talked around Florida expansion. There's been a lot of appropriately positive results.
William N. Scheffel: And we have more Medicaid expansion membership than we originally anticipated. A few things like that, that have driven the increase in the revenue guidance for the year.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then the last question, the MLR, I guess, first, our model anyway, it was definitely better and you mentioned that you got a benefit from weather disruption, flu being down year-over-year, but the guidance for MLR didn't change for the year. Do you -- are you forecasting either the ACV costs go up or that weather pushes volume into Q2? It sounded like you thought you might start to see some improvement on some of the new business as the year goes on, so it doesn't feel like that's going to be the pressure.
William N. Scheffel: Well, I think there is improvement in stuff that's already on. But we have -- in Florida, we have a pretty significant expansion coming in, in the Medicaid business. And so again, we'll probably have additional reserves in the initial period of operation for that as one of the drivers in the next couple of quarters.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. So a better Q1, it just wasn't big enough to impact the annual guidance?
William N. Scheffel: Right.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: There's nothing to offset?
William N. Scheffel: Well, no. And I think also the new revenue we're talking about putting on, the increase in our revenue guidance, on the duals, we're pretty conservative on what the HBR is going to be on that in the initial period also.
Michael F. Neidorff: I think, we -- Kevin, we've used the words abundance of conservatism. We want to be reasonably conservative as you look at some of these new businesses.
Operator: Our next question is from Chris Rigg of Susquehanna.
Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Just to clarify on the hep C again. So if the drug is not on the formulary or approved drug list, one would assume if it gets on the list, then you would be remunerated for that. So is there essentially very little risk here? Or am I thinking about that incorrectly?
Michael F. Neidorff: No, I think what we've said is that we expect that if Texas includes it, the discussions we're in, we expect that there'll be some incremental compensation to cover it, and that's based on discussions we're having. And in other states, is the business starts to grow, we're watching it, we're talking to them, but we're also taking a very responsible approach to it because as we also alluded to, there are some savings we think that can occur because the hep C patient does accrue medical costs, inpatient and others, throughout the course of the year. So we're working very carefully with the medical management people, the health economics, to look at the total effect, and we're talking with the states about it in a very responsible way. And we're really taking advantage of the data warehouse and information we have real-time to show them the overall impact, and so we expect that to be compensated appropriately. Historically, it always has.
Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Understood. And then on the new ACA expansion membership, the 100,000 or so, is there anything to highlight on the utilization front? I guess people have been concerned there would be some pent-up demand from these types of new members. Anything that you could talk about there? Or is it pretty much relatively in line with what you see today?
Michael F. Neidorff: I think there's 2 factors. One, we said that some of the acuity is kind of hard with the limited amount of time to say absolutely, but this population is -- 80% is subsidized population and so we have to look at it -- I'm sorry. I was confusing the Medicaid...
William N. Scheffel: Yes, the Medicaid expansion population is still early, but those rates were generally separately calculated and so -- and usually higher than the normal rates that we receive. So there's nothing that we've seen at this point in time on Medicaid expansion membership, the 100,000 members, to say that those -- the HBR there would be out of line at this point.
Michael F. Neidorff: So I was mixing it with the exchange members. Thank you, Bill.
Operator: Our next question is from Chris Carter of Crdit Suisse.
Christopher R. Carter - Credit Suisse (Deutschland) Aktiengesellschaft: I guess, just the first one, can you just give us some color update on the progress in Texas and your discussions there on getting reimbursed for the industry fee?
Michael F. Neidorff: We have had the ongoing -- we've had the ongoing discussions with them and they're engaged, their actuaries are engaged with our actuaries. Everybody is looking at it. We've stated historically that one of the things they're looking at is a reimbursement of what that tax is, once it's known at the end of their fiscal year, which is September 30. September 1, the new year starts, obviously. And so we're working with them on that alternative, and we have no reason to believe that it'll be anything but approved. If you think about it, when you have the number of states that have already done it because it's logical, appropriate and necessary to maintain actuarially sound rates, it would be pretty difficult for any one state at this point to say, "No, our state can do it and still be actuarially sound." We're working with them in a very responsible way. Texas has always, as we talked about historically, always worked with us based on the kind of data we've had and we're not -- we see no reason to think it will be different this time.
Christopher R. Carter - Credit Suisse (Deutschland) Aktiengesellschaft: Okay. And then just -- I know we talked about the Service revenue a few times, but is the $280 million number in the quarter, is that a good run rate for the rest of the year?
William N. Scheffel: I think that that's a good run rate for the year at this point in time. I think it includes both the acquisition of Acaria and U.S. Medical Management in that line item now, and a few other things. But I think, if anything, it probably will increase over the rest of the year.
Operator: Our next question is from A.J. Rice of UBS.
Albert J. Rice - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Maybe a couple of quick things here. On the public exchange commentary, so you have 39,700, which you think you could be at 70,000 members by the end of the second quarter. I guess, is that 39,700 not as of March 31? And why would you have that incremental growth like that? And then second, as you start to think about 2015 on the public exchanges, any early read? I know you've got to put -- you don't have that long to think about your bids, but do you think you'll be more active on the exchanges as a result of what you're seeing this year and so forth?
Michael F. Neidorff: Rone?
K. Rone Baldwin: Just to comment on the exchange membership growth. The 39,700 as of March 31, again, that's paid membership, just to clarify on it. But basically, to be effectuated by that date, you had to select a plan by February 15. So -- the way the deadlines work. We, along with a number of others, I think you saw a fairly significant surge of enrollment ahead of the March 15 date and then that continued up to the April 1, and then there's been some kind of people that have been in line that have continued to enroll after that April 1 date as well. So basically, the view on the second quarter reflects that significant surge of enrollment that we've seen since the February 15 date, which is the cutoff date to have effectuated membership for the March 31 number. And we've seen that already with respect to our April 1 membership, and we expect to see that with the May 1 numbers, and we think that we'll be reporting something in that vicinity when it comes time for the second quarter earnings call that we have. In terms of the 2015, we are looking to continue to be in the states and the service areas that we're in today, and we're looking for -- looking at what I would characterize as a modest level of expansion in some of the states that we're in today. And we may or may not expand the number of states that we're in, but it would be -- if we do it, it's going to be very modest in terms of what we look to expand in at this point.
Operator: Our next question is from Sarah James of Wedbush.
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: I appreciate all the detail on Texas, especially because it's your largest market, but I wanted to take a more holistic view. So could you tell us what percentage of your book is in states where Sovaldi is not currently on the PDL?
Michael F. Neidorff: Mary?
Mary V. Mason: We have, right now, Texas and Kansas. However, most states have placed this on the PDLs. There's others that are in the process through state P&T committees that are reviewing these agents for their ultimate positioning.
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: So for the states that are on the PDL, have you had any conversations with them where there's an indication that you will get reimbursed retroactively for the states where it currently is on the PDL?
William N. Scheffel: Well, I think those conversations are ongoing in all of our states, so obviously we're not the only ones impacted by this. And when you have high-cost items, there's always going to be discussions on how to include that in the rates for actuarial soundness purposes or whether it's going to be carved out and covered separately by the state. So each state looks at their own program to figure out how to handle that and those discussions are ongoing, and I think everybody recognizes that this is a little different situation in terms of the magnitude of the cost, and so I think it will be worked out. I think over the long run, it will be included in the rates. How it goes through 2014 is still to be determined on some of these, but as we indicated, Michael's comments gave you the amount of the hep C drug costs for Q1 this year and last year, and I think you got to remember that we had hep C costs in the past, too, so it's incremental impact that has to be considered.
Mary V. Mason: Right. And we have the right for prior authorization, working with the states. And you can see now how, especially the states of California, Ohio, Indiana, now are putting in initiation of therapy for only -- for advanced liver disease. So -- and we continue to have very active discussions with the state on the development of those PA policies.
Michael F. Neidorff: And I think it's very important to get it right because, I mean, this is not the last time we're going to be looking at hep C and other drugs where this principle may apply. So you work very hard establishing the database with the state that you use, doing it in a responsible way, and it really will smooth the way for future negotiations as well. So we're taking a very kind of a holistic -- we're taking not only a holistic, we're taking a very long-term look, Sarah.
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Got it. And just to clarify, did you say that California was only going to pay for advanced liver disease? Or that's what their hurdle was?
Mary V. Mason: Yes, actually, if you start looking through the prior authorizations, many states now are now following the new World Health Organization guidelines that really calls for the initiation of treatment-only members with advanced liver disease such as cirrhosis, end-stage liver disease.
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: And then last question here, if you could just update us on California, some of the new membership coming online, if there's been any woodwork effect. Just any update on that market would be great.
Michael F. Neidorff: Bill?
William N. Scheffel: I think in California, it's going well. We've been -- we're in 2 areas of the state, in Imperial County in the south and 17 counties, I think, in the north. We've gotten just good membership growth since we've come in there. It's been a good state for us. Nothing, I think, of any consequence that -- nothing out of line with our expectations.
Michael F. Neidorff: And Imperial has been very strong.
Operator: Our next question is from Andy Schenker of Morgan Stanley.
Andrew Schenker - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: You raised expansion cost estimates back up again by $0.05 there. Maybe you could just walk us through the kind of quarterly progression on the $0.55 to $0.60, and also how we should think about maybe some of the leverage in the system as duals and others enter the market and how that's going to maybe be an offsetting pressure on SG&A as the year progress.
William N. Scheffel: Sure. I think, right now, the business expansion costs tend to go up a little bit in the second quarter as we add Florida in, and then a little lesser in the second half. But still, because we're adding duals in other places, it will continue to be there. I think the increase, the $0.05 increase that we added is primarily due to the additional revenue that we've added coming on. We expect the duals to have an impact in the second half and so we've added some expansion costs, start-up costs related to that.
Andrew Schenker - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then is there any offsetting benefit from the leverage of the extra revenue earnings as the year progresses that we should be contemplating in the ratio?
William N. Scheffel: Well, I think over the year, I think we will continue to have a lower G&A ratio as we get some of the start-up costs behind us and we -- once the revenue starts, it obviously helps us quite a bit. So I think we've seen quite a bit of leverage on our G&A ratio over the last couple of years based on our revenue growth. So we expect that to continue although, obviously, the larger it gets, the harder it is to make those dramatic increases, but we continue to see that benefit coming forward in 2014.
Andrew Schenker - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then switching gears here to the HBR CRC, you included the exchanges in your kind of TANF HBR there of 86.9%. Is there any way you can maybe break out the exchange impact in there? Is it still your assumption throughout the year that it's going to be lower than the historical Medicaid ratio?
William N. Scheffel: Yes, I think that's true. Right now, we don't have a lot of experience to really zero in on what the run rate's going to be for that, as we're adding a lot of membership in the months of March, April and May, as Rone went over. So we're still probably in the mid-80s in terms of our estimate for the exchange HBR.
Andrew Schenker - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, great. And then just lastly, specialty services HBR, is that 87.7% a good run rate for that business, similar with the kind of increased revenue there?
William N. Scheffel: I think some of that differential comes from adding in the additional service lines in the correctional business.
Andrew Schenker - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. But that's a good run rate going forward or...
William N. Scheffel: Yes, it may be a little lower for the whole year, but it's close.
Operator: Our next question is from Justin Lake of JPMorgan.
Michael A. Newshel - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: This is Mike Newshel in for Justin. My first question, I just wanted to clarify on what's in Sovaldi for your guidance. Is there -- are there any states where the drug is on the formulary, you're currently covering it, that you're assuming that you're going to get some retroactive rate adjustments or carve-out?
William N. Scheffel: Our numbers and guidance numbers, we have not presumed any retroactive adjustment at this point in time. As we indicated, the incremental cost in the first quarter of that was $2.5 million on a $3-plus billion of revenue in the first quarter, so it wasn't particularly significant. That can grow as additional members are added to this drug, but I think that, as we talked about, the discussions with the state are to be able to include that in the rates in some fashion going forward.
Michael A. Newshel - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And my next question is just on the MLR seasonality. So the full year range is below the first quarter. You talked about all the duals business coming on. What is the duals' MLR relative to the combined business, what you are assuming?
William N. Scheffel: Well, I think -- yes, in the duals, I think we're in the high 90s right now in terms of our estimates for the initial periods of operations, usually the first 6 months, and so...
Michael F. Neidorff: It's in the new business category. So we bifurcated new business, and now which we've had on the books for the year, so it will fall into the new business, and that tends to be in the 90s, high 90s in some cases. But -- then it starts to normalize over the course of the year and by the time we consider that, they're no longer new.
Michael A. Newshel - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So the improvement in the consolidated MLR in guidance in the remaining 3 quarters, is that just seasonality or improvement in the underlying same-store business?
William N. Scheffel: I would say it's primarily seasonality. It's not unusual for us to have a higher HBR in the first quarter and then lower in particularly the second and third quarters due to the seasonality.
Michael A. Newshel - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And my last question is on pricing for exchanges for 2015. Given the new policy on risk corridors and CMS wanting to hold it budget neutral, I mean, how are you thinking about it in terms of the impact of 3Rs and how you're accounting for that and how you're going to price 2015?
Michael F. Neidorff: Rone?
K. Rone Baldwin: Well, we're certainly going to reflect what the changes are in the reinsurance program, what we think about the scenarios for the risk corridor program in terms of how we price for 2015, and we're in the thick of that kind of right now leading up to the filing dates, which are basically pretty much around the end of May. So we'll have to see how all that plays out in terms of looking at how our rates land for 2015. It's really kind of too early for me to judge at this point.
Michael A. Newshel - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And for 2014, for exchanges, are you accruing any benefit from either risk adjustment or risk corridors in exchanges?
William N. Scheffel: I think what we're doing is not accruing anything on risk adjustment because that's still unknown, but we're applying the other 2Ps -- the other 2Rs in terms of the reinsurance and the risk corridor to follow those guidelines. But again, it's very early in Q1 to have any idea on where the overall HBR is going to end up for the year because we're still going to add this membership.
Michael F. Neidorff: It's important, we're gaining experience from it. We had experience in the original Celtic business, where we -- the priority [ph] here, we're gaining more experience. But I'll remind you it's under 40,000 lives of a business that has close to 3 million lives in it, so it would take a lot to move the needle.
Operator: Our next question is from Scott Fidel of Deutsche Bank.
Scott J. Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just wanted to follow up to clarify the question before on which states don't have hep C Sovaldi on the PDL yet. I think you mentioned Texas and Kansas that did not have it, but there were a few other states that are in process of adding it, but that sounds like it wouldn't have been there yet in the first quarter. So can you just update us on which of those states are in process, didn't have it in the 1Q, but are adding it now?
Mary V. Mason: I mean, as I said, Texas is probably the one that everybody is focused on. All the states are looking at this and everybody's in different stages of looking at this. I think the key thing, too, is just working with the states on the prior authorization, making sure that it's strong clinical policy when we are evaluating this drug.
Scott J. Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. So it sounds like the majority of states were actually still in process, right? That there are only a few states that had finalized...
Michael F. Neidorff: No, no, no.
Mary V. Mason: Oh, no, we're paying for these. Texas is the only one where it's not on the PDL where we're not paying claims. There's other states that are still having them go through it. It's not on the PDL, and I think Kansas is a good thing. We are paying claims, but it's really the prior authorization piece that we're working with that state on.
Michael F. Neidorff: Right.
Scott J. Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, that's what I want to clarify. Second question, just on -- any -- can you give us an update on any states where you still have to have your rate updates for 2014 established? It looks like in the Q, you mentioned that the composite rates were down around 0.1% in 1Q. You're guiding for 0 to plus 2%. So it sounds like you're expecting in some of the remaining states that you might see some rate increases?
Michael F. Neidorff: We have Texas that comes due end of the year. We have Georgia, I think, this July. We have Florida in October....
William N. Scheffel: September 1, I think.
Michael F. Neidorff: September 1. Florida, it is a big portion of our membership, comes due in...
William N. Scheffel: Second half.
Michael F. Neidorff: Second half of the year.
Scott J. Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. Then just had a question just on...
Michael F. Neidorff: I might also add, these are all states that have good actuaries, that work with our actuaries, so it's not an unknown negotiation to us.
Scott J. Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. Then just had a question just on the specialty earnings relative to the Medicaid earnings, the segment earnings. Looks like the Medicaid earnings were up quite substantially year-over-year, but the Q showed the specialty earnings were down year-over-year and cited lower margins in the pharmacy business. Is that a function of the changes in mix as all the revenues from the hep -- the specialty drugs ramp up? Or is that essentially a lower-margin business? Or just talk a little bit about the pharmacy margins year-over-year.
William N. Scheffel: I think it's all of the above. I think what we've done is we've tightened our margins with some of our internal business. And we've added in the AcariaHealth specialty pharmacy business, which has a lower margin in general. It's just the higher volume that we have, quite frankly, given this lower margin.
Scott J. Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. If I can just sneak one last question into -- just on the exchanges. I know that the claims data is still very limited, but we've had a couple of the PBMs have put out some releases, highlighting some of the initial claims, the activity they're seeing and seeing much higher specialty drug utilization amongst the public exchange members. I'm just interested if that's what you're seeing as well in your exchange business or if you're seeing different type of pharmacy claims trends.
Michael F. Neidorff: We have that here.
K. Rone Baldwin: Well, on -- as Bill mentioned, I mean, it's still early to give kind of an overall judgment about what we're seeing in terms of claims on the exchange members. But on the pharmacy claims data, we're not seeing anything unduly concerning at this point in time.
Michael F. Neidorff: But it's real time.
K. Rone Baldwin: It is more real time.
William N. Scheffel: We're seeing basically below the level of costs for pharmacy than we might have originally anticipated from this membership. Again, a lot of this membership is just coming on so...
K. Rone Baldwin: Just one thing I will point out. I think that some of the comparisons have been against a commercial population that you've seen. I mean, we did not anticipate that the acuity of this population would be in line with commercial populations. We priced for something that was a higher morbidity than that. So in some ways, what we're seeing is not out of line with what our expectations are or -- and certainly not -- nothing concerning at this point.
Operator: Our next question is from Matthew Borsch of Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Not to beat a dead horse here, but just on -- back on Sovaldi for a second. Can you quantify how much that benefited your specialty pharma operations in some way and maybe give us a sense, to the extent Acaria has visibility on where the drug is being used, is it turning out to be more of a -- more usage on the commercial side of the business as opposed to Medicaid from what you're seeing?
Michael F. Neidorff: I think -- I want to be very careful. I understand the question, but I think it's up to Acaria and its client companies to talk about that utilization versus us. Notably, I want to be respectful of that because we have a very strong Chinese wall between the specialty companies and our health plans.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Right. Okay, got it. Maybe if I could ask this -- 2 questions. One, can you give us, and I know you have in the past, give us an update on how many members you have taking that drug regimen and maybe some have already completed it, so how many since the beginning of this year? And just overall, do you expect that hep C will impact -- is it impacting the guidance in any material way for the whole year?
Michael F. Neidorff: I think we said -- as we said in the comments, that our anticipated utilization of those drugs has been updated and built into our guidance, so we have taken a look at what we expect. We gave you the numbers on the beginning and we've moved away from the number of patients as opposed to the dollar cost because of the shifts and how states are going at it. And I want to be very careful, we want to be careful because one could easily start to mislead if we're not careful, and so we've been careful on that. But it's not a material issue.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And maybe last one, if I could slip this in. There was some attrition in the Medicaid enrollment in a couple of states, Louisiana and Texas. Can you just talk to that?
William N. Scheffel: Sure. I mean, particularly in Texas, I think we've seen an overall decline in the market, but our market share has stayed the same. So each state goes through their own enrollment process, and sometimes, the employment levels -- increases in unemployment and decreases in unemployment could have an impact on the overall statewide membership. And so in Texas at this point in time, we don't see anything unusual because, as I said, we kept our same market share. In Louisiana, I think it's a question of just going through some open enrollment processes and members have shifted a little bit to some shared risk plans.
Operator: Our next question is from Ana Gupte of Leerink.
Ana Gupte - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: Wanted to follow up on the Spanish acquisition that you just did. You said that it doesn't impact your ability to invest elsewhere and it's $20 million up -- for the 50% interest. I'm just trying to get a sense for, is this purely about diversification? Is it something around capabilities as well? And as you go forward and you have a framework for how you evaluate various opportunities, how are you thinking about it?
Michael F. Neidorff: We're only thinking about it that, one, as we said, it has a very strong management, well respected in that marketplace. It's giving us some early experience in working in an international market, using our capabilities to supplement their capabilities from a system standpoint, and it is an ACO-type product. They have a fully integrated system. So it's really a case of gaining some of that experience. And as it grows, there may be opportunities to expand it there. But that's going to be really managed at the local level, and we're in a joint venture with a very valuable partner, a strong partner and well respected. So it just was the right opportunity to gain experience in that particular market. In my own background in prior lives, I was in international with Alka-Seltzer, One A Day, [indiscernible], so a lot of consumer products, and knew Spain to be a strong, responsible market. They have not had the same issues as others with sovereign debt. It's been more an overbuilding in the construction area. So it just was the right opportunity, Ana.
Ana Gupte - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: So Mike, is this more about that you're looking to build out a presence in Spain? Or is this kind of a one-off thing and you're primarily going to be focused domestically?
Michael F. Neidorff: I don't -- our focus domestically does not change. I mean, this is a large market. There is no absence of opportunities, which we continue to take advantage of. It has opportunities to continue to build on Spain and start to develop some of that, I think that's important. I've come to the conclusion that I think it's important, if you're going to be a leader in your field, to have some kind of global perspective. And we, as a management team, have come together on that and said, that's essential to really developing a true leadership role in anything you do in the world we're in today. Rone, anything you want to add? No? Okay.
Ana Gupte - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: Okay. So switching gears on to exchanges. From my understanding, I think from a question that was asked earlier, you're expecting mid-80s MLR. So that would translate to assuming you're not changing your outlook for the rest of the year on exchange margins just given where you're guiding on your HBR and you haven't changed that. Does that now mean that you're looking at this as a, given where you've priced, sort of a low-positive single-digit margin opportunity? It sounded like at your Investor Day and 4Q '13, you were guiding to something more of breakeven to negative, if I wasn't mistaken.
William N. Scheffel: I don't think that's changed. I think we're saying that the HBR is the mid-80s for this population right now. And with the -- the G&A costs are higher for the managing the exchange population and different aspects of it. So we haven't changed our overall view on the exchange results for the year at this point and continue to believe it would be breakeven to a small loss.
Ana Gupte - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: So the SG&A would be substantially higher then, given the mid-80s MLR projection?
William N. Scheffel: It's much larger than our overall G&A ratio.
Ana Gupte - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: Got it. And then finally, on the -- not again beating a dead horse, on Sovaldi, is it about 54 cases or so still? I think you had mentioned a number like that in March and is it the same? And in correctional care, is that excluding or including correctional care? You did say you have contractual protection on that.
Michael F. Neidorff: Yes, in the correctional care, obviously, there's the feeling that there's a higher propensity for hep C in that environment. But we are protected on that. We saw that kind of thing and that's going in the rates. Regards to the total numbers, obviously, as the population grows, the numbers grow up, but our ability to manage has been changed and improving so I'm just getting away from the numbers. What we've given you I think is important, this $2.6 million increase year-over-year on a larger membership base. So that said, it's well within our guidance and is being well managed.
Ana Gupte - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: That is helpful. It's impressive because when I've done the estimate, I came up with something like 300 cases for you, assuming IMS script data was right, just allocating. With United, it was exactly in line roughly with their $100 million, so you're definitely doing a tighter job of managing the treatment, that looks like it.
Operator: Our next question is from Dave Windley of Jefferies.
David A. Styblo - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Sure. It's Dave Styblo filling in. A couple of questions. First one is let's come back to the rates for this year. How much of this year's premium do you already know for rates?
Michael F. Neidorff: About 40% or less.
William N. Scheffel: I think we're probably in excess of 70% at this point in time. I don't know if we have that particular calculation at our fingertips, but the second-half rate increases are the ones that are still open and, obviously, Texas is large. For the 4 months of the year, that's still to be determined. Florida, the rates -- I think the initial rates are known for the Medicaid expansion, so not as much of an issue.
David A. Styblo - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. On SG&A, you guys are already at your -- basically at your midpoint of your full year guidance, and I think the way we think about this is probably expecting that to improve over time as you gain some scale. I know you flagged out a couple of items that may make it be a little bit higher as you have some new business rollouts. But is it fair to think about your SG&A guidance actually biased at the lower end of that range?
Michael F. Neidorff: I think what's important is, it's a range. The new business has cost us money. What Bill said earlier I think is critical. We have seen significant improvement over the last couple of years as we've had the revenue growth. And of course now, when you're pushing for -- to between, call it, $14 billion up from $10 billion, it's harder to leverage. You continue to leverage it, but it doesn't -- you don't realize the same kind of percentage improvement. So we're going to continue to leverage where we can, but the kind of -- 1 year from year-to-year, we had a percent-plus improvement. However, we'll not look for that kind of improvement. It's a range. It's going to be a function of start-up time. If things start up on schedule, we know that states do delay these things, it's a history of it, that's all going to impact it. Bill, do you have anything to add?
William N. Scheffel: No, I think what we expect to see is as we gain scale and add revenues, that our G&A ratio will continue to come down. We expect it to come down quarter-by-quarter throughout 2014, and we'll update every quarter as to where we think our guidance is for the year as we learn more.
David A. Styblo - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay, understood. And the last one here was just if you can help us understand what's happening in the new and existing business HBRs, more specifically as we look sequentially. I know there's some seasonality there. But the new business HBR, improved over 200 basis points as you added revenue. And then your existing business HBR was actually up 170 basis points. And so I'm just struggling to understand and reconcile what's going on in those 2 lines as we split those apart?
William N. Scheffel: I think the primary shift is that Kansas, which started January '13, moved into the existing business for the first quarter of this year. And so when you add in the ratios, the HBR for Kansas, that's what the primary change is between the 2.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Baker of Raymond James.
Michael J. Baker - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Just on the incremental cost that you saw on the hep C side, does that factor in any potential Acaria benefit?
William N. Scheffel: No.
Michael F. Neidorff: Acaria is a separate...
Michael J. Baker - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then on Acaria, as we think about the margin profile of that business, which you kind of spoke to, generally speaking, as we see more hep C flow through that business, should we expect the margin to stay steady or be pressured?
Michael F. Neidorff: It's going to -- I would say, Bill, actually it's fairly steady at this point.
William N. Scheffel: Yes, I think that that's -- we're not sure if there's major changes coming from anything.
Michael F. Neidorff: I think what's really important and I think the differentiator is that having Acaria gives us a clear insight and understanding as any of their clients would get, the impact of some of the specialty drugs and what's happened, what the appropriate use is, working with the clinical people. It's a nice place to be.
Operator: Our next question is from Carl McDonald of Citigroup.
Carl R. McDonald - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So was wondering if you could quantify the benefit that you saw from weather in the first quarter and also give us a sense of how much visibility you have into the underlying claims data for the quarter at this point.
William N. Scheffel: I don't think we can quantify the impact -- any dollar impact to the weather. Obviously, there were quite a few markets that were impacted. In Georgia, there was almost a week at one point where they were shut down to a great extent, and so you have lower utilization during those periods. Some of that will come back later on, but not all of it. And so we're net ahead in that regard. And then I think that the second part was -- of the Q1, it's the same as every other quarter. We've got our methodologies applying for the HBR, which have stayed the same. You could see the amount of development we recorded for the first quarter of last year and our roll forward in the press release, and I'd say it's normal. Clearly, what we have is we have real-time pharmacy data, so we know those numbers. We have an inventory method for in-patient claims or we keep track of who's been authorized and who's been admitted, an estimate of what the cost of that's going to be, and then there's more of a lag then in the other categories, physicians, specialists, things like that, outpatient.
Operator: Our next question is from Tom Carroll of Stifel.
Thomas A. Carroll - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Just one last quick one here. What -- if you could just tell us the number of Sovaldi claims you received in the quarter and then the total number that you actually paid as clinically appropriate? Just to get a sense of the -- what demand may look like as claims mature throughout the rest of the year.
Michael F. Neidorff: I really don't have those numbers at hand, Tom, and the numbers that -- we really moved to disclosing dollars because the next thing some of you -- you get so detailed that then -- by state, how many -- and it's just cumbersome to try and get into that level of detail.
Thomas A. Carroll - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: I'm trying to get a sense of what the demand is like from the Medicaid population earlier on. Is it...
Michael F. Neidorff: I said we told -- I think we've said that it moved on the -- some of you might say it's almost relatively flat year-over-year, the expense, because of the increased membership. Now we said we're up $2.6 million and that's a -- I think that's an important number because you have $2.6 million to $7.3 million, was it? Okay. So I think that says something. I think you start looking what the increased membership was. It says it's really relatively flat, and we'll just continue to manage it. What we have emphasized -- everybody is worried about Sovaldi. It's 16% of the total hep C population that -- we're talking about that's appropriate for genotype 2 and 3. There are some in genotype 1 that have some very severe cirrhosis, where the World Health Organization might say it's appropriate with interferon and a lot of other things. But our job is that -- my job is not to become a medical expert, when it's done and when it's not, but just look at the overall criteria. We're glad the drug exists for those people that need it. We see it as a curative thing. We see it having some real long-term benefit. We've talked to our states, the states understand the cost. We're sharing with them the data that we need, not just the cost of the drug, but what we think over time as we get the data will be the savings because hep C patients are expensive to begin with. You had a hospitalization, it becomes very expensive. So if you're now cured in 3 months' period of time versus -- that's a nice offset because there's so much data out there that we could be misleading. We say it's this number, the next time it's down. Was it something you denied more? No, it just means we have a different population applied.
Thomas A. Carroll - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: So it's fair to say you didn't see a huge demand for the drug in the first quarter that you then whittled down based on your clinical guidelines?
Michael F. Neidorff: I would say that we saw a reasonable demand. We saw a demand that we relatively expected to see based on responsible outside guidelines and not just our guidelines, World Health Organization, other groups, the FDA, other guidelines that are out there that we use. These are not just internally developed guidelines. We're using national and internationally recognized guidelines. And that's really what the states expect us to do.
Operator: And this concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Neidorff for any closing remarks.
Michael F. Neidorff: Well, I think this has been a strong quarter. We thank you for the insightful questions that you ask. I hope we would answer them. We look forward to seeing you on June 13 for our next Investor Day. And I'm sure we'll have more information and more things to share with you. Thank you, everyone. Take care.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-04 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Edmund E. Kroll - Senior Vice President of Finance & Investor Relations Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President William N. Scheffel - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer K. Rone Baldwin - Executive Vice President of Insurance Group Business Unit Mary V. Mason - Chief Medical Officer and Senior Vice President Jesse N. Hunter - Chief Business Development Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division Ana Gupte - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division David H. Windley - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Andrew Schenker - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Michael A. Newshel - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Scott J. Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Brian Wright - Monness, Crespi, Hardt & Co., Inc., Research Division Steven P. Halper - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Carl R. McDonald - Citigroup Inc, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Centene Corporation Fourth Quarter 2013 and Year-End Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ed Kroll. Please go ahead.
Edmund E. Kroll: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone. I'm Ed Kroll, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations for Centene. Thank you for joining us on our fourth quarter earnings call. Michael Neidorff, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Bill Scheffel, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Centene, will host this morning's call. The call is expected to last about 45 minutes and may also be accessed through our website at centene.com. A replay will be available shortly after the call's completion, also at centene.com or by dialing (877) 344-7529 in the U.S. and Canada, or in other countries by dialing (412) 317-0088. The playback code for both of those calls is 10039178. Any remarks that Centene makes about future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provision under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in Centene's most recently filed Form 10-Q dated October 22, 2013, and other public SEC filings. Centene anticipates that subsequent events and developments will cause its estimates to change. While the company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. As a reminder, our next Investor Day is Friday, June 13, 2014, in New York City. Please mark your calendars. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Michael Neidorff. Michael?
Michael F. Neidorff: Thank you, Ed. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining Centene's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2013 Earnings Call. During the course of today's call, we will discuss our solid fourth quarter and full year 2013 results, market and product updates, future growth opportunities and a brief update on the ACA, including the insurer fee. I will begin with highlights of our fourth quarter financial results. Fourth quarter membership increased 12% year-over-year to 2.7 million covered lives. Premium and Service revenues grew 31% year-over-year to $2.9 billion. The faster premium growth, relative to membership growth, was driven by the continued mixed shift toward higher acuity beneficiaries. For example, long-term care membership increased 345% year-over-year. The HBR improved 260 basis points year-over-year to 88.1%, reflecting rate increases and effective medical cost management. We are experiencing a normal flu season thus far. The most recent CDC data suggests that flu season has peaked, which is consistent with Centene's data. Our Fluvention program continues to stress flu vaccination and early treatment, as required. Last year, we experienced a more intense and prolonged flu season. Aside from flu, we see 2014 medical cost trends as consistent with those of 2013. Now on to market and product updates. First, we'll discuss recent Medicaid activity. Florida, the long-term care program is proceeding as planned. At the end -- at year-end, 5 of our 10 regions have been phased in. During the fourth quarter, we added 6,200 additional lives due to this expansion. Separately, we were successful in 9 out of 11 regions in the state's new and expanded MMA program. We expect the state to begin phasing in regions during the second quarter of 2014. California. In November 2013, we commenced operations in California under 2 separate contracts. Both contracts are ramping in line with our expectations. Membership at December 31 was 97,200. New Hampshire. We launched our health brand in December of 2013. Thus far, the performance is consistent with expectations. Membership at December 31 was 33,600. Massachusetts. In January of 2014, we began operating under MassHealth CarePlus program in all 5 regions. This is also ramping, as expected. Mississippi. We were recently informed that we will be retaining our contract in the state. This was assumed in 2014 guidance. This reprocurement includes some expanded service areas. Next, some comments on Centurion. We are successfully expanding our Centurion business, launching 3 contracts in just 6 months. Our last contract commenced in Minnesota during January of 2014. We continue to view Centurion as an attractive growth driver. Our joint venture with MHM provides a compelling alternative for state governments to address their conventional health care needs. Now on to dual-eligible. We are participating in demonstration projects in 4 states thus far. Centene has won RFPs in Ohio, Illinois and South Carolina. We recently signed an agreement to purchase a majority stake in Fidelis SecureCare of Michigan. Fidelis was 1 of 6 plans selected by the Michigan Department of Community Health to serve dual-eligibles in Macomb and Wayne counties. These 4 demonstration projects are expected to commence in 2014. We continue to work constructively with the states and CMS on rates and other terms. As for future growth opportunities, our targeted pipeline remains extremely robust at $138 billion through 2016. We expect to continue our recognized success in winning new business. We will diversify by geography and product line with the goal of driving profitable growth. Now I will briefly comment on the ACA, including an update on the insurer fee. First, Health Insurance Marketplaces. We continue to expect the Health Insurance Marketplace to have a minimal impact on our 2014 financial performance. In January 2014, we began operating in 9 state marketplace. Enrollment is trending at the low end of our previous guidance, which was 70,000 to 140,000 lives. We had approximately 21,000 enrollees and paid marketplace members effective January 1. The demographics of our enrollees are generally in line with our pricing expectations. The average age is 44 years old. Members are predominantly low income, over 80% are eligible for premium subsidies. It is still too early to comment on the acuity level of our marketplace members. While we continue to take a measured approach towards our participation in Health Insurance Marketplaces, we believe our early participation will give us valuable experience for longer-term marketplace opportunities. Next, Medicaid expansion. The majority of our states are not participating in 2014. Therefore, this will have a relatively minimal impact on our 2014 growth. However, longer-term, we view this as a growth opportunity as more states adopt the Medicaid expansion. Last, the insurance fee. Ongoing discussions with our state partners continue to reflect our expectation of grossed-up adjustments. There is general agreement as to the need for the actuarially sound rate. A majority have committed to fully cover the fees on a grossed-up basis. We are confident that the remaining states will do so. Our understanding is that CMS and the Academy of Actuaries are supporting reimbursement of the ACA insurance fee on a grossed-up basis. The ACA is currently only one part of our overall growth strategy. Our performance in 2014 is not dependent on a meaningful contribution from ACA components. However, we remain cautiously optimistic in our outlook for 2015 and beyond. Bill will go into further detail on this topic. Next, a quick comment on rates. Our composite rate increase for 2013 was 2.7%. We continue to expect a composite rate adjustment of 0% to 2% in 2014. This is exclusive of the insurer fee, which is being negotiated separately. In conclusion, we expect to maintain the positive operating momentum Centene established in 2013 into 2014 and beyond. Thank you for your interest in Centene. I will now turn the call over to Bill, who will provide further details on our fourth quarter and full year financial results. Bill?
William N. Scheffel: Thank you, Michael, and good morning. I would like to begin my comments this morning by noting that we are presenting our fourth quarter and year-end results with the Kentucky operations now classified as a discontinued operation. Accordingly, we are presenting our financial results focusing on continuing operations with separate disclosure of discontinued operations for Kentucky. At a summary level, both 2013 and the fourth quarter performed well and increased significantly over 2012 results. Fourth quarter Premium and Service revenues were $2.9 billion, a 31% increase year-over-year. Our Premium and Service revenues for the full year were over $10.5 billion, a 37% increase over 2012. For the fourth quarter, our diluted earnings per share from continuing operations was $0.84. For the full year, earnings per share was $2.87, and this would be $2.95 if we add back the $0.08 of a carrier health transaction cost. Our actual results are at the high end of our original guidance range given in December 2012 of $2.60 to $2.90 a share. I will now give a more detailed discussion of our performance. Our Premium and Service revenues increased by over $2.8 billion in 2013. The increase is a result of several items: The addition of new or expanded operations in the last 2 years in Texas, Florida, Mississippi, Louisiana, Kansas, Missouri and Washington; the April 1 acquisition of AcariaHealth; the startup of our Centurion joint venture contracts in Tennessee and Massachusetts; and rate increases across our markets between years; and during the fourth quarter, we began health plan operations in California and New Hampshire. Our health benefits ratio was 88.1% for the fourth quarter, which was an increase of 30 basis points sequentially from the third quarter. This increase is due to normal seasonality and startup of new operations in California and New Hampshire. For the full year, our 2013 HBR was 88.6% compared to 89.6% in 2012. The 100 basis point decrease between years primarily reflects improvements in Texas and in our individual health insurance business. With respect to new business information. For the fourth quarter, approximately 17% of our revenues came from new business, those in operation for less than 12 months. And the HBR in the fourth quarter was 86.6% for existing business and 95.4% for our new business. Last winter, we experienced a higher-than-normal level of flu cost, both in the November, December period and the January, February time frame. For this winter, our experience has been in a normal range for a flu season. While there are certain areas that have experienced higher flu levels at times, overall, we have not seen anything out of the ordinary so far this season. Our general and administrative expense ratio was 8.9% in the fourth quarter of 2013 compared to 8.4% in the fourth quarter of 2012. The increase between years is primarily due to incurring a normal level of performance-based compensation expense this year. For the full year, our G&A ratio was 8.8% for both 2013 and 2012. This reflects the AcariaHealth transaction cost and an increased level of performance-based compensation this year, offset by the benefits of the additional leverage we have generated through our higher level of revenue and our efforts to control costs. We incurred business expansion cost of $0.19 in the fourth quarter and $0.57 for all of 2013. This compares to $0.44 in business expansion costs incurred in 2012. Our spending in the fourth quarter was slightly lower than anticipated as we adjusted our spending downward for the Health Insurance Marketplace, due to the enrollment issues experienced in November and a lower level of membership now expected for 2014. Investment and other income totaled $5.4 million in Q4 compared to $3.2 million in the fourth quarter last year. For the year, investment and other income was $18.5 million in 2013 and $35.3 million in 2012. The primary difference between years relates to the $19 million in gains recorded in the third quarter of 2012. Interest expense was $6.7 million in the fourth quarter compared to $6.1 million last year. Interest expense for 2013 was $27 million and $20.5 million in 2012. The increases for both the fourth quarter and full year represent the interest costs for the $175 million in additional senior notes that we issued in November 2012. Our effective tax rate in the fourth quarter, excluding noncontrolling interest, was 41.6% and 40% for the full year. Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations was $0.84 for the fourth quarter and $2.87 for the year. This compares to $0.35 for Q4 of 2012 and $1.65 for 2012 in total. Results from discontinued operations were $0.09 in diluted earnings per share in Q4 and $0.07 of earnings for the full year of 2013. During the fourth quarter, we recorded favorable development related to the medical reserves that had been previously established for Kentucky. We have wound down operations in Kentucky since our July 5 exit date, and have classified the Kentucky results as discontinued in our income statement and balance sheet. At December 31, we had cash and investments of $1.9 billion, of which $45 million was held by unregulated entities. We have estimated our risk-based capital percentage to continue to be in excess of 350% of the authorized control level. Debt at year end was $669 million and included $150 million of borrowings under our revolver at December 31. During the fourth quarter, we funded approximately $135 million to our insurance subsidiaries for tax benefits utilized on the consolidated return. Our debt-to-capital ratio at December 31, excluding our nonrecourse mortgage note, was 32.4% compared to 32.7% at last year end. Our medical claims liability totaled $1.1 billion at year end and represented 42.4 days in claims payable. Cash flow from operations was $171 million for the fourth quarter of 2013 and $383 million for the full year, which represents 2.3x net earnings for 2013. Now I want to update our 2014 guidance numbers and cover the assumptions we are using in their preparation. First, the guidance numbers have been adjusted to represent continuing operations, consistent with our year-end 2013 financial results presentation. We have also updated our guidance to include the acquisition of U.S. Medical Management, which closed on January 6, and our estimate of the ACA insurer fee for 2014. Our 2014 guidance numbers are: Premium and Service revenues, $13.8 billion to $14.3 billion; health benefits ratio, 88.7% to 89.2%; G&A expense ratio, 8.5% to 9%; effective tax rate, 50% to 51%; diluted earnings per share, $3.50 to $3.80; and diluted shares outstanding, 59.7 million to 60.2 million shares. The updated guidance numbers reflect several changes. First, we have added revenue, expenses and additional shares related to U.S. Medical Management, now that the acquisition has closed. And this includes approximately $0.06 in transaction cost incurred in the first quarter. We have also decreased the expected membership for the Health Insurance Marketplace to 70,000, which is the low end of the membership range discussed in December. And we have now included the ACA insurer fee in our updated guidance numbers. We continue to believe that we will be reimbursed by our ongoing state customers for substantially all of the ACA insurer fee on a grossed-up basis. As others have commented, the states are moving forward to include the reimbursement as part of a contractual arrangement. Each state has its own process to follow before signing an agreement or contract amendment. Therefore, it may take time to complete this, such that revenue recognition related to the reimbursement of the ACA insurer fee may not occur until later in 2014. This would have the effect of lowering earnings in the first half of the year and increasing earnings in the second half, but have no impact on our overall 2014 annual guidance. A substantial majority of our states have committed to reimburse us for the ACA insurer fee. We are working with all of our states to obtain the appropriate documentation through signed agreements and/or contract amendments. As Michael indicated, our understanding is that both CMS and the American Academy of Actuaries are supporting the reimbursement of the ACA insurer fee on a grossed-up basis on the basis of actuarial soundness. Lastly, our business expansion costs for 2014 are estimated to be $0.50 to $0.55, including the $0.06 in USMM transaction costs. Operator, you may now open up the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Josh Raskin of Barclays.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Question, I guess, just on the fee, just in terms of -- and I think, Bill, you were starting to address this on the revenue recognition. I'm just curious, what is your policy as to the timing of that revenue recognition? Do you need a signed agreement for the state? And then what is your anticipation around how many of these states will have signed agreements by the end of the first quarter? I guess, I'm just trying to look at, is it possible we see whatever breakeven first quarter or something like that with a real back-end loaded 2014 EPS results?
William N. Scheffel: I think our policy will be generally consistent with what I think you heard others say. We will need some sort of signed agreement with respect to the way the state is going to reimburse us for the fee. And we are working with each of the states right now with respect to that documentation. We're in early February, right now, it's a little hard to predict exactly what we're going to have in hand by the time we get up to March 31. At this point in time, it would be probably overly optimistic to think we would have it all done by March 31, but I think we are working with all of our states. And we don't really have a number right now as to the specific percentage we'll have at the end of the first quarter.
Michael F. Neidorff: It's moving along very well, Josh. I mean, the documentation with states takes time. Because each one is a little bit different, their approach to it, so it's not like you have a boiler plate document you can give them and mark up.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. That's fair. Would you say you guys are optimistic you'll have at least half of your revenues by state signed up to reimburse for the fee by the end of the first quarter?
William N. Scheffel: I think, at this point, we're not ready to present a specific number or range, as what we'll have at the end of the first quarter. We still have almost 2 months to go to and complete these, and we'll give you an update.
Michael F. Neidorff: And the difficulty is we're working with every state, Josh. And when you get 2 or 3 of the big ones, and you're there. You get 6 of the 8 of the smaller ones, and you're still trying to get to that 50% number. So we see nothing that is a barrier or comments have been made that this will not be resolved to our satisfaction.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. That's fine. And then the second question, I think you made a comment that the Medicaid expansion was going to have a minimal impact. And I understand a majority of your states that you happen to be in are not expanding, at least not for '14. But...
Michael F. Neidorff: I think it's 3 out of 19 or something is expanding, a small number.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: But we continue to hear about the sort of woodwork effect, and there are states that are talking about potentially even double-digit increases in Medicaid enrollment, even in states that are not expanding. So I'm just curious, have you gotten any January enrollment rolls and have you seen any pickup in some of your states? It's been a while since we've seen real organic Medicaid growth, so I'm just curious what you're seeing in your states.
Michael F. Neidorff: Rone, do you want to make a comment?
K. Rone Baldwin: Yes. We have yet to see any real visible significant signs of the woodwork effect in the states that we're operating in. Certainly, in some of the states where there's been large outreach associated with Medicare, Medicaid expansion, we're seeing some signs based on the state's statistics. But overall, it's not something that is emerging yet in terms of the enrollments we've seen early in 2014.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. That's fine. And then just a last one, hep C cost, I'm just curious there's some nervousness around, specifically, the Medicaid population and treatments there. Have you guys started to see, I mean, was there any sort of backlog of patients or anything like that that's starting to come through in January? I know you guys have rate...
Michael F. Neidorff: Yes. I'll have -- I'll ask Mary.
Mary V. Mason: Josh, as I would with any new drugs, we're always focused on rigorous review of the request, making sure they meet FDA guidelines. I can tell you since the approval of Savaldi [ph], as well as the [indiscernible] in the beginning of December, we've had 22 approved requests. And we're focusing on those patients, getting them into case management and making sure they have compliance so they have the best outcome.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. So you have 22 total out of your 2.7 million lives or so?
Mary V. Mason: That have been approved requests, yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ana Gupte at Leerink Partners.
Ana Gupte - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: I just want to follow-up on -- and I know WellPoint and the contrast between how you're guiding for '14 relative to how they're guiding. And I get it that they're blue and diversified and very different from you, but still I think the differences are quite stark, if you will. So the first one is that they're guiding in the baseline to not getting any gross-up on the fee, and they generally sounded pessimistic about it, I'd say, on the call, whereas you and others are sounding very optimistic. So I'm just trying to get a sense for that. And then secondly, on the other end of it and on exchanges they're guiding towards a 3% to 5% pretax margin, and you're guiding breakeven. I get it that your positioning may be different, but is that related to your pricing and the member experience that you're guiding to breakeven and do you expect that to expand in terms of margins and growth in '15 and beyond?
Michael F. Neidorff: Bill, you want to talk about...
William N. Scheffel: Well, I think it's hard for us to speak about other companies' earnings calls and guidance, I mean, we do -- have looked of those things. I think, in general, the company's that have come before us have had a similar discussion with regard to confidence on the ACA insurer fee being reimbursed on a grossed-up basis, and that it'll take a little bit of time for that to happen and the right documentation has to occur. So I think, as near as we could tell, everybody's pretty much on the same page on that. And then with respect to exchanges, we've -- as we said in December, I think we have and we've lowered our membership number, and we have expected to have a breakeven to a small loss in that book of business. It doesn't mean we priced it that way. We've just put that into our guidance to reflect the potential for higher acuity levels than maybe originally anticipated.
Michael F. Neidorff: Yes. I think, if I may just add to it without -- I can't comment on what they're seeing, I can only comment on certain differences. And we have a very -- we've had a very small level of individual participation outside of Medicaid. They've always had some of the larger carriers -- commercial carriers have had a large individual book, so the law of larger numbers will apply. I think we're going to do very well with our churn approach, cleaning those that we want. And the fact that 80% are getting subsidized, so the strategy is on track. And we prefer to be cautious and say it's breakeven and create a lot of expectations as we work through it. Rone, something you would add to that?
K. Rone Baldwin: Yes. We have priced the product and we do believe that it can generate 3% to 5% pretax margins over time. We have taken a cautious approach for planning and guidance for 2014. We've also assumed that we're not going to be able to accrue for any kind of risk adjustment in 2014, so that also has had an impact on our specific outlook for this year since we think that our risk adjustment accrual is probably going to require waiting for the data to come in and be able to be booked in 2015 for the 2014 experience here.
Michael F. Neidorff: And I can be firm enough to say that my involvement would be with CMS or other levels within the company. And the industry, I see nothing that says, "We're not going to see these rates grossed up." If I did, I would say so. But all conversations to date tend to show that the rates -- the federal law says they have to be actuarially sound. And the federal government, the states, all recognize that. But that's not been an issue in our discussion.
Ana Gupte - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: That's very helpful. Just to follow-up on your risk adjusted comment. Do you think that the risk corridors would be trued up for '14, despite the timing issue on the risk adjusted, at least on an estimated basis?
William N. Scheffel: I think that what we're saying is that our calculations would assume that the risk quarter is in place for 2014, and the reinsurance aspect is in place for 2014. Risk adjustment, while it's in place, is not going to be reasonably estimable in 2014, it will be 2015 before we would have any estimate to whether that would have a significant impact to us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sarah James at Wedbush.
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Just one quick follow-up on the industry fee. I know you belabored the point...
Michael F. Neidorff: Sorry, could you speak up. Sarah, we can't hear you.
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: I know you've belabored the point of the industry fee, but I just wanted to make sure I have the right count of anyone that you have gotten a signed agreement for yet. So can you tell us which states have actually signed the agreement so far?
William N. Scheffel: I think, at this point, we have some, but we really haven't gotten into the list at which where we are in each state, because we still have ongoing discussions with most states. And I think, at this point, we're just working with all of them. We have like 3 or 4 that we have already signed some agreements, but...
Michael F. Neidorff: I guess -- all right, they're at various stages, Sarah. We have 3 or 4 that are signed. We have some where the language, whether it be a contract amendment or a specific letter of understanding, have been discussed, negotiated and agreed to, waiting for signature and counter signatures. So it's moving from day-to-day, but it's all moving in the right direction. There is no one who has said, "You're wrong." They've all engaged with us on this discussion. Three, 4 -- in the tank, so to speak already, and others, moving along.
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then, you've talked about...
Michael F. Neidorff: And by the way, I might just add -- I might add, when you get 1 or 2 or 3 or 4 states recognizing it, that also is very supportive that the CMS and everybody else that's worked with those improving their rates for that, it's precedent setting.
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. And you've talked about USMM saving in 2 sample cases in the range of 8% to 14% on existing business, and that there's a current overlap of about 150,000 members on your high-acuity book. So is it feasible to see this level of savings that were pointed out in those examples on your high-acuity overlap? And how long does it typically take to ramp-up to that level of savings?
Michael F. Neidorff: Sarah, let me help you. We had, this past Friday, all our CEOs in the plans met with USMM. I mean, it's not been quite a month that we've closed this. A lot of our preplanning has gone into it. Different states have different products. You're going to see different savings across duals, across long-term care, across SSI, across [indiscernible]. And to try and put a fixed number on it, we have -- we have our internal numbers that we're measuring and working against, that gave us the ability to give you some accretion. But to try and take that and apply it to some percentage of our 2.7 million growing membership, I think that would be -- if I did it, you should worry that I did it.
William N. Scheffel: So just a little bit more on USMM. We obviously are estimating savings in 2014 sufficient to cover the additional shares that we issued with respect to the acquisition and the debt cost. I think that there are -- we gave some accretion numbers early on, I think, when we announced the acquisition. And that was excluding transaction cost. So in our 2014 guidance, what we have absorbed in effect, which is we retained the original $3.50 to $3.80 per share, is that we have $0.06 of transaction costs, plus the accretion that we think we will get during the course of the year, which effectively absorbs all of the shares that we're issuing. So we did not adjust our guidance downward as a result of the net of those 2 things, rather we've absorbed that within our range, the $0.30 range in our EPS guidance.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Rigg at Susquehanna International.
Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: I just wanted to come back to the HBR guidance for the year. It's not a big increase, but it's about 20 basis points. I was hoping you could walk us through the change there.
William N. Scheffel: I think the biggest change from what we gave in December to today is that we have a lower membership number for the Health Insurance Marketplace. And overall, the Health Insurance Marketplace has a lower HBR than the average for the company. So by having less of that, we have a slight increase in our HBR from that mix change, let's say. So it's really nothing in terms of an acuity difference or anything that we're seeing. It's really the folding in of less membership from the Health Insurance Marketplace that causes it.
Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay. And then just one follow-up on Josh's question earlier about the woodwork effect. Just to be crystal clear here, if that "woodwork effect" were occurring, you would already have a pretty good idea if you were seeing a bump in the rolls for January?
William N. Scheffel: Well, I think that the thing that I would say on woodwork is, the states control the enrollment process and so each state has their own way to determine eligibility. And when they get assigned to Medicaid and how it works through an auto assignment process, so -- and that's something we don't necessarily have a lot of visibility in each state all the time in terms of what their backlog might be in that regard. So we may see increases over the course of the next 6 months, but at this point in time, through January and February, we've not seen any appreciable change that we would attribute to being so-called woodwork effect.
Operator: The next question comes from Dave Windley at Jefferies.
David H. Windley - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: A follow-up on the HBR. Is it -- in thinking about your buckets of existing and new, is it right to think about the existing being about flat year-over-year or consistent with what you've been seeing maybe down a little, and the new moving up into the high-90s? Is that how we should think about those buckets moving?
William N. Scheffel: I think that, that's generally, okay, consistent. I think our existing also is impacted by the acuity level. So for example, we're going to put on a lot of long-term care business in Florida, which has a higher HBR than our average, typically. So you end up, now, having that rolling into the new bucket. So that will continue to be in the mid- or upper-90s. And then on the existing -- Kansas we'll roll into existing starting January 1 of '14, so we'll have that impact in 2014.
David H. Windley - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. And on G&A, you obviously continue to get very nice leverage there. I'm wondering, with all the new business that you have been bringing on and will continue to bring on, are there any step function cost that we should be anticipating, be it in care management-type resources or IT investments, data centers, things like that, that we should be aware of that might affect the progression of your SG&A overhead levels?
Michael F. Neidorff: Yes. I think some of you who have been out here and have seen our data center. It's been really -- the new one we built has been structured that it can triple our size by adding servers and it's -- I mean, it's very modularly, has not built on a lot of overhead. It was done in a way -- I think, those who saw it, made a lot of sense. So we anticipate that. There's always a little incremental addition of people when you add a new product, you add a long-term care to Florida or something. Your basic infrastructures, you have your presidents, your CEOs, your medical management people, because you're adding some nurses and case managers, our systems, our case managers and other things that we've added over the years, allow us to incrementally add people, really, are very supportive of taking on additional business and being able to leverage it through the system. So I think it's going to be a mix. Now are we going to an entirely new state, as we've shown you in the past, there's additional costs associated with that. But if there is an additional cost, it tends to be very transitory until we bring the plan up and get it running. Now the -- in the past, historically, costs have seem to go up from the G&A standpoint, new plans, where you are opening up a new state, new staff to be ready for a given date, and the state delays it.
William N. Scheffel: But overall, there's nothing in our pipeline that would say we would have a drastic change in our G&A cost or anything new that we'll be bringing on line would have that impact. It's all incremental and I think we will continue to enjoy the benefits of scale as we continue to grow.
David H. Windley - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. Bill, you had expected -- the last one for me. You had expected $0.60 to $0.65 in startup costs in '13. Did the number fall out at that level and where will that go in '14?
William N. Scheffel: Dave, I think what I said was $0.57 for 2013 is where we ended up. And one of the reasons we ended up there is because we consciously pulled back on some of our costs for the Health Insurance Marketplace given the membership issues. We thought that marketing and other costs might roll out earlier, and it didn't. So we ended up a little lower than what we originally anticipated. And then, I think one of my last comments was that we estimate to be $0.50 to $0.55 for 2014, which includes $0.06 for the transaction cost for USMM. So I think, right now, we tend to be in the, let's say, $0.45 to $0.55 range the last several years in terms of business expansion cost, I expect that to continue over time. But as we grow, that probably gets to be less of the percentage of the total.
Operator: The next question comes from Kevin Fischbeck at Bank of America.
Unknown Analyst: This is Steve, on for Kevin. I wanted to come back to your guidance, particularly for G&A. I would have thought that, including the industry fee now, would have raised G&A by maybe like 90 basis points, instead it's only coming up 20. And I also would have thought that including that would have lowered your MLR, rather than raised it. So I was hoping to understand that a little bit better.
William N. Scheffel: Sure. I mean, that's a good question. Right now, we are expecting to treat the ACA insurer fee similar to the way we're treating premium taxes. In other words, we'll break that out as a separate component, either as part of premium taxes or separate but -- excluding it. We tend to talk about Premium and Service revenues as our revenue number, excluding premium taxes, we would expect to probably continue to do that and excluding the ACA insurer fee reimbursement from our revenues as our discussion of -- when we talk about our growth. Similarly, the actual expense, we would expect to be treated like premium taxes are in our G&A ratio -- in our G&A cost. And our G&A ratio does not include premium taxes. So therefore, when we fold in the ACA insurer fee in our updated guidance numbers, there's really -- we're not changing our premium service revenues because it's considered premium tax. We're not changing our G&A expenses ratio because we're considering that to be outside G&A expenses. We are changing our tax rate, that changed from roughly 40% to 50% because of the fact that the fee is nondeductible, and you have to factor that in. But those are the main impacts on the change in the guidance from adding in the fee.
Unknown Analyst: Okay. That's definitely helpful. And then just to switch back to the exchanges for a second. You said your enrollment assumption now is closer to the bottom end your original range of 70,000. I was wondering whether you've seen anything in January that makes you confident you'll be able to kind of ramp-up from the 21k that you reported. And then, also, you have the same outlook for margins, breakeven, the slight loss, despite your overall lower level of G&A this year. I guess, pull back in spending give you confidence you'll be able to achieve that still?
William N. Scheffel: Yes. We're -- we did see -- as the market saw some pickup in the rate of enrollments towards the end of December, and we've continued to see steady rates of enrollment through January, we think that's going to continue. And potentially, again, have another surge period before the end of -- end of the open enrollment period. So we're -- so everything is fairly steadily proceeding since the end of December, and we'll see where we end in the open enrollment period. We do think that we should be able to get some additional enrollment outside of the open enrollment period, given the small number of people in the exchange and the number of people that are turning off of Medicaid and other insurance plans, looking for exchange eligibility throughout the rest of 2014 also.
Operator: Drew Schenker at Morgan Stanley.
Andrew Schenker - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: It's Andrew Schenker. So just a couple of quick questions. On the duals, just could you update us on how the discussions are going with the states? And CMS, are there any thoughts you have on timing as these conversations are progressing? Do you think we're going to hold to that current expected timelines for the states?
Michael F. Neidorff: Jesse?
Jesse N. Hunter: Yes. Drew, so we have, obviously, state-specific discussions and kind of the broader discussions with CMS. And there continues to be some movement on the timelines, but we're working with each of the states on an individual basis to see how those things progress. There has been momentum, I would say, over the last quarter or so on moving those things forward. So as we get closer into some of the states, Illinois, as an example, we have a lot more visibility on how some of those things are progressing. Ohio, I think, would be kind of next in line, if you will. Some of the other states that are kind of further down the pipe, we've talked about South Carolina and Michigan via our investment in Fidelis. Those are just earlier stage right now, so there is little less visibility on where we'll end up from a timing standpoint.
Andrew Schenker - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then changing gears here. Just thinking about acquisition investment pipeline, obviously, you guys have been active, Fidelis being the most recent ones. Any changes or thoughts now that we've got the initial rollout of the exchanges and Medicaid ramping up on your acquisition strategy?
Michael F. Neidorff: Yes. We still have an aggressive program looking at opportunities and -- within our guidelines on IRR and accretion, et cetera. And so when the right one is there, you'll hear about it. I can't talk about the specifics because it'll just make it very expensive.
Operator: The next question comes from Justin Lake at JPMorgan.
Michael A. Newshel - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: This is Mike Newshel, in for Justin. A question on hep C. You said the guidance includes -- are you able to give us a dollar estimate in terms of what's included in the guidance?
William N. Scheffel: I think that -- as every year, there's going to be new drugs that come out. And so we have -- we knew this hep C drug was coming out, so we have adjusted our estimates accordingly, but we're not going to get into specifics of how much I think that we would have the cost in our health plans of members utilizing the drug, and we have the benefits from AcariaHealth, which is a supplier of the drugs also. So we have a little bit of offset.
Michael F. Neidorff: And I mean, we reported there's 22 cases so far since its come out. And I think trying to get anymore granular than that could be misleading.
Michael A. Newshel - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Right. And of those 22 approved request, can you say how many total requests you have in term -- both how many may have been rejected because they don't meet guidelines or how many still might be pending?
Michael F. Neidorff: It's just -- there's a reasonable number, but I don't have that in front of me.
Operator: The next question comes from Peter Costa at Wells Fargo.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: The G&A was probably lower this quarter than you would have expected, given that you delayed some of the spending on the exchanges, probably by at least $0.03 of earnings impact. Can you tell us where did that -- what's the offset to that, that caused your earnings to be about in line? Did your -- according to my model, your MRR is a little bit higher. Was there a higher medical expense in the fourth quarter than you otherwise would have anticipated and what caused that?
William N. Scheffel: Well, I think that there's a combination of things in the G&A. We were lower on our spending for the business expansion cost, which includes the rollout for the Health Insurance Marketplace. But we didn't have other activities that we were investing in during the quarter, which wouldn't qualify as "business expansion costs". And so some of that's -- so it's nothing in particular, but I would say our medical costs were in line as we talked about 30 basis points increase, I think, quarter-over-quarter. And so I think it's really just other G&A items and -- that we were spending money on.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then can you talk a little bit about -- have you seen anything from any of the states regarding eligibility tightening? Is that creating somewhat of an offset in terms of the membership that you're enrolling in Medicaid?
William N. Scheffel: Well, again, the states control that process, and each state is a little different. And each state uses a different enrollment broker at times, and they can be in different stages of annual recertification, things like that, how long it takes to get reenrolled. And so there really isn't any general comments you can make other than it's a state-by-state case. And it's not unusual for us to see fluctuations in membership in any state as a result of eligibility changes or enrollment, broker activity, et cetera. And what we have seen so far, we would say is normal.
Michael F. Neidorff: Yes. I was going to say there's nothing in -- to answer your question, there's nothing that's abnormal about it. It's a normal course of business. And we have 20 states and there'll be variations across them.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: That's helpful. And the last question. Can you talk about your $138 billion in pipeline out there? Can you break that down by sort of core Medicaid, dual-eligibles, exchange membership?
Michael F. Neidorff: Jesse?
Jesse N. Hunter: Yes. So we've talked in kind of broad strokes over the last year or so at our various investor conferences around the split. And if you think about kind of the core Medicaid piece, it represents the, I would say, the majority of the opportunity of that pipeline so it'd be either existing Medicaid or products on the Medicaid side within our existing markets. So you think about ABD, long-term care expansion, things along those lines. And then, it's like the next biggest category would be on the dual-eligible opportunities, again, focused on our existing markets and then further expansion on the marketplace front.
William N. Scheffel: Just a follow-up to the other question too, just in general. One of the things on the G&A front, we did increase in the fourth quarter some of our performance-based compensation amounts. And because that's based on earnings, as earnings did well in the fourth quarter and for all of 2013, there was an increase there, too.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And regarding the $138 billion, was there any change in terms of the relative pieces of that?
Jesse N. Hunter: No. I think the $138 billion was the number that we used in our December conference, and that's something, obviously, we continue to monitor. And I think we'll have a revised view of that when we talk again in June.
Operator: The next question comes from Scott Fidel at Deutsche Bank.
Scott J. Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: First question. Just any help you can give us on the breakdown of what you expect in terms of the percentage of earnings between the first half and the second half? Looks like, in 2013, you trended around 60% in the back half. And given the impact to the industry, if you have any thoughts on how it might like in 2014?
William N. Scheffel: . I think it's difficult right now to peel out the impact of the ACA insurer fee on the first or second quarter depending on the level of progress that is made on the documentation side. I think that, excluding that, I would expect that our progression of earnings would be similar to some prior years. And that the little -- seasonally, you're lower in the first quarter, and third and fourth quarter picks up. So I think that's still the case. And then, I think you always have to look at with and without the ACA insurer fee for purposes in making those estimates now.
Scott J. Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. Then I had a second question. Just interested if you're seeing any impact on the expected timing of the rollout of the Florida MMA due to the contract dispute and some of the litigation around the prestige provider service network. It doesn't sound like that from the prepared comments, where you talked about it going live in 2Q, but -- just interested if there's any effect from that?
Michael F. Neidorff: Jesse?
Jesse N. Hunter: Yes. So Scott, I think, probably, the best thing to say is that we're working very closely with the state to make sure that we do our best to keep things on track from a timing perspective.
Michael F. Neidorff: Everybody is interested to see that, from their budgetary and ours as well.
Scott J. Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just last question. Just interested in your thoughts on how -- what type of impact you're maybe seeing in the first quarter just around some of this extreme weather that we're seeing in a number of areas in the country. I would assume for you guys that might be most relevant just on the Midwest markets, and whether you think that's going to be more of a positive or negative on utilization?
Michael F. Neidorff: Mary?
Mary V. Mason: I would say this is a normal -- what would you would normally expect in January, normal flu season, normal for RSD, really nothing unusual.
William N. Scheffel: I think that utilization numbers are still to be determined from all the weather, and the weather that gets -- some things may be deferred, but then picked up later so...
Michael F. Neidorff: Somebody misses their appointment on January 31, they may pick it up on February 5. But the point is, there'll be some swings but over the quarter, we see nothing really meaningful.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matthew Borsch at Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just maybe back on the industry fee one more time. And I just want to understand, are you talking to the states about onetime recruitment mechanisms or is it something they're going to blend into the rate? And I guess, I was interested in that question, I assumed that they're not making or aren't planning on making a rate change that would apply to everyone in the market because then they would be overcompensating those not-for-profit plans, assuming there are some in the market that are exempt.
Michael F. Neidorff: You hit the issue. Some states, depending on the number of not-for-profits they have said, "Well, we'll wait to the end of the fiscal year, and we will just reimburse you. Gross up and reimburse you what is owed." And then once that's signed, Bill and Jeff and the team can start to accrue it as appropriate. That's the issue. There's no boiler plate. Each state is taking a little different approach in how they look at it and go about it. And some are grossing up the fees, some are building it into the fees. But I see nothing onetime. This is an ongoing issue that will have to -- because as the business grows, fee -- the fee will grow and it has to be compensated.
William N. Scheffel: A few states, particularly some that don't have any not-for-profits and managed care, are building into the rates, but that's probably the small minority. I think most of them are probably going to do it through a reconciliation and true-up process in the September time frame, for purposes of actually making the payment. Again, the documentation, we would try to get right now, which will allow us to accrue for that over the course of the year.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And just on a different topic, one more, which is you mentioned the hep C new drug patient load being very, very small. What reason would you -- I mean, given the efficacy of the drug, and I'm obviously not an expert on it, but I would have expected a much bigger number there. I'm just curious if you can elaborate on that.
Mary V. Mason: It's a very good question. And right now, genotype 2 and 3, which is a much smaller percentage of the -- genotype 1 is the most common, which is about 80% of cases. Really, only for genotype 2 and 3 is there an all-oral interferon-free treatment. So that's really probably why you're seeing it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Wright at Monness, Crespi, Hardt.
Brian Wright - Monness, Crespi, Hardt & Co., Inc., Research Division: Last quarter, you had showed the DCPs have 42.9 days and the -- it looks like there may be a reclass this quarter because now you're showing the September ending quarter at 40.6 days. So if you could just help us out with that.
William N. Scheffel: Sure. The reclassification of Kentucky as discontinued results in the medical claims liability account to be adjusted to carve out the Kentucky piece, so we recalculate the DCP. And in the page in press release, I think we show 5 quarters worth of the DCP from continuing operations like every other -- almost every other number in there, and that's really the cause of the changes, just without Kentucky.
Brian Wright - Monness, Crespi, Hardt & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just one follow-up. Was there any benefit in the quarter from retro rates in Georgia or Florida?
William N. Scheffel: Well, I think that, in both cases, we received the rate amendments in the quarter. So certainly, for the -- that was anticipated for the whole year, and...
Brian Wright - Monness, Crespi, Hardt & Co., Inc., Research Division: So it was in the prior guidance...
William N. Scheffel: It's always been in the guidance for the whole year and it came in consistent with that.
Brian Wright - Monness, Crespi, Hardt & Co., Inc., Research Division: Is that around $6 million or something like that or more?
William N. Scheffel: Well, I don't think we quantify usually the amount of a rate increase for a particular state, so. It's included in the 2.7%, I think, which is the composite rate increase that Michael gave earlier for 2013.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Halper at FBR.
Steven P. Halper - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Just 2 questions. The enrollment for the exchange products were coming in lower than your expectations. And what does this mean in terms of how you evaluate that line of business as you consider participation in 2015 because those decisions need to be made in the first half of this year? And then, what were your expectation for 2015 in terms of adding a state or 2 from what you see right now?
Michael F. Neidorff: Yes. I guess, I'd comment that what we look primarily is the strategy. And we've articulated from the beginning that our focus would be on what we call the churn. Those that gain and lose Medicaid membership and go in and out. And that appears to be the case, Steve. So we'll continue to monitor that. And if it's working in that case, in that basis, we'll continue down the line. We'll look at the overall financial results, all of the things that one looks at this type of thing. Anything you'd add, Rone?
K. Rone Baldwin: Yes. I think, also, we've consistently said that we -- 2014 we viewed as our major goal to get a smart launch off into the exchanges and that we viewed this as a longer-term opportunity over a series of years. So I think that what we're seeing in 2014 to date doesn't impact our long-term view about the potential that this could be a meaningful opportunity for us. And we'll look at -- we are looking at additional geographic expansion, additional service areas in our existing states, and then additional -- new states. And I'm sure we will do some service area expansion, and the level will depend on how we assess our experience and our success in feeling like we can come out with a competitive product and network in those additional service areas.
Steven P. Halper - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: And just the second question in terms of the visibility and to potentially adding your other states away from the -- not relating to the enrollment, the exchange business.
Michael F. Neidorff: Right. So we, obviously, we had some -- our intelligence tells us there's some new RFPs being contemplated by the states. We'll monitor those. When they come out, we'll make a determination as we always do, the size, the scale of the opportunity for it, and make that decision once we get the fact book and information. So it's kind of hard to sit here and get too specific, Steve.
Operator: Our next question comes from Carl McDonald at Citi.
Carl R. McDonald - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: In the states where you do compete with not-for-profits, do you have a preference for how the state treats the industry fee? Just thinking about from a competitive perspective, and if we use like Texas as an example, if you do $4 billion in Texas revenue and fully implemented the industry fees, maybe something around 4% of premiums, that's $150 million, $160 million a year. So over a 10-year budget window, you're talking about $1.5 billion using the for-profit versus not-for-profit. So maybe you can just walk through maybe there's a matching impact from the federal government or just sort of how states are thinking about that.
Michael F. Neidorff: What the states are looking at is that they will -- in Texas, most of them say, "We're not going to give you a rate adjustment across-the-board that the not-for-profits benefit from." What we will do is we'll look at an actual reimbursement. I think, Rone said that a little bit earlier that they'll look and see what our costs were. And at the end of their fiscal year, they'll write the check and they'll work with CMS from their side on what federal reimbursement they get.
Carl R. McDonald - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Right. I'm just thinking about if you're a state and you're looking at a 10-year budget window and you say if I choose a not-for-profit, the cost visibility are $1.5 billion lower than choosing a for-profit, how will they think about that?
Michael F. Neidorff: I don't think -- I mean, over time, I don't think that's a criteria that they're looking at. They're looking at the overall capabilities of planning the outcomes and what we're delivering, I mean, savings. There are some -- there was one governor, I remember, who made a comment that, "These big not-for-profits are costing me money, and it's the for-profits that are saving me the money."
Operator: At this time, we show no further questions. Would you like to make any closing remarks?
Michael F. Neidorff: No. I just -- we thank you for taking time for this call. We look forward to the first quarter results. Have a good day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Renie Shapiro - Senior Vice President, Corporate Finance Barry Smith - Chief Executive Officer Jon Rubin - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Dave Styblo - Jefferies Josh Raskin  Barclays Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank Michael Baker  Raymond James Carl McDonald  Citi
Operator: Welcome and thank you for standing by for the Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. (Operator Instructions) Todays conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now, I will turn the meeting over to Renie Shapiro. Thank you, maam. You may begin.
Renie Shapiro - Senior Vice President, Corporate Finance: Good morning and thank you for joining us today. This is Renie Shapiro, Senior Vice President of Corporate Finance for Magellan Health Services. With me today are Magellans Chief Executive Officer, Barry Smith and our Chief Financial Officer, Jon Rubin. They will discuss the financial and operational results of our third quarter ended September 30, 2013. Certain of the statements that will be made during this conference call are forward-looking statements contemplated under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown uncertainties and risks which could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed. These forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the complete discussion of risks set forth under the caption Risk Factors in Magellans Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012 and in the current quarters Form 10-Q, which will be filed with the SEC later today and will be subsequently available on our website. In addition, please note that in this call, we refer to segment profit. Segment profit is disclosed and defined in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and is equal to net revenues less the sum of cost of care, cost of goods sold, direct service costs and other operating expenses excluding stock compensation expense. Segment profit information referred to in this call maybe considered a non-GAAP financial measure. Included in the tables issued with this mornings press release is the reconciliation from segment profit to the line item income before income taxes. We encourage you to review such reconciliation for an understanding of how segment profit compares to that GAAP measure. I will now turn the call over to our CEO, Barry Smith.
Barry Smith - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Renie. Good morning and thank you for joining us. I am pleased to report that Magellan had a solid third quarter. It is on track to complete the year in the upper half of our segment profit guidance range. This has been an exciting quarter for us as we took several tangible steps to advance our growth strategies. We also brought on two executives with deep healthcare experience to lead Magellan Pharmacy Solutions and Magellan Plan Services. The Magellan Pharmacy Solutions now includes our new acquisition Partners Rx. Magellan Plan Services includes our core commercial and public sector behavioral health businesses as well as Magellan Complete Care. This is the dynamic time at Magellan as we continue to transform in order to position ourselves for future growth. I will discuss at a high level our financial metrics for the quarter provide more details on the progress of our growth initiatives and offer an update on the Maricopa County contract. Jon Rubin will then discuss detailed financial and operating information for each of our segments and our preliminary outlook for 2014 before we take your questions. For the third quarter of 2013, we produced net income of $47.2 million, diluted EPS of $1.70 and segment profit of $59.2 million. For the nine-month year-to-date period, we produced net income of $106.8 million, diluted EPS of $3.87 and segment profit of $203.5 million. As of September 30, 2013, we had $355.9 million of an unrestricted cash and investments prior to the closing of the Partners Rx transaction on October 1. We did not have any share repurchases during the quarter and as of October 21 we have approximately 27.1 million shares outstanding. There are number of factors that affect the timing and pace of our purchases such as our stock price, projected capital needs, M&A prospects and a termination of open and close trading windows. Turning next to progress on our growth strategies, Id like to detail some of the steps we have taken to advance our goals. We continue to see significant opportunities to grow Magellan Complete Care and have made important strides this quarter. As we have previously discussed we began operating in Florida as a general Medicaid HMO on June 1 in Broward County integrating and taking full risk on all medical, behavioral and pharmaceutical care. We continued to expand our presence in Broward County through efforts with community based organizations and the provider community. We are pleased to perceive notice of the contract award from the Florida Agency for Healthcare Administration or AHCA to launch a Medicaid specialty plan for individuals with serious mental illness or SMI. This plan the first of its kind to the nation provides individuals with SMI improved access to coordinated physical and mental healthcare and assistance with navigating the healthcare system. Our model of care will allow this vulnerable population to live longer and healthier lives. Our proposals were accepted in all eight regions where we have been which include 40 of Floridas 67 counties. We estimate that there are at least 100,000 individuals with SMI in the regions where we were awarded whose total healthcare spend is significantly higher than that of the average Medicaid covered individual or approximately $15,000 to $20,000 per year. Magellan Complete Care will be the only SMI specialty plan available in Florida over the five year contract period. Implementation is expected to begin in the second quarter of 2014 and we are actively working with AHCA on the rollout logistics including enrollment criteria and rate setting methodologies. Until the enrolment process is finalized we cannot estimate the number of potential members for next year or in subsequent years. While we are still working through the enrollment methodology with the state, our goal over time is to achieve penetration of at least 20%. Our participation is subject to customary contract negotiations, final rates and contract execution. We are excited about this opportunity and we will provide more specifics after we conclude our discussions with AHCA. In August we announced that we had entered into a definitive agreement to make a strategic investment in AlphaCare of New York. Our newly licensed Medicaid managed long-term care HMO and Medicare plan are initially focused on serving the unique needs of the New Yorks long-term care and dual eligible populations. We currently have a 7% equity interest in AlphaCare through a net investment of $7.9 million. Upon funding the reminder of the total $25.5 million investment Magellan will own 65% of the company with the option to purchase the remaining portion beginning on the January 1, 2017. The closing of the transaction is awaiting regulatory approval and we anticipate it will take place late this year or early next year. AlphaCare was established in 2012 by seasoned health care exactly executives and began enrolling members in its Medicaid managed long-term care or MLTC plan in August of this year in five of the eight counties surrounding the New York City metropolitan area Bronx, New York, Queens, Kings and Westchester. There are approximately 124,000 of long-term care individuals in all the eight counties surrounding the New York City metropolitan area, almost all of which are eligible for both Medicaid and Medicare. Medicaid rates for individuals enrolled in an MLTC plan are approximately $4000 PMPM. The state has not released membership in the five counties we will focus on. However, we believe that they contain approximately 90% of the long-term care eligibles in all eight counties. AlphaCare is also positioned to participate in the New York State Department of Healths Fully Integrated Dual Advantage or FIDA demonstration project which is currently scheduled to begin in July 2014. The FIDA program currently covers the eight counties around the Greater New York City metropolitan area and we were selected to participate in all four counties in which we bid. The FIDA program is focused only on the dual eligible members in those counties who are eligible for managed long-term care. The combined Medicaid and Medicare spend for these individuals is approximately $6,000 PMPM. In addition to the participating in the Medicaid MLTC and the FIDA programs AlphaCare is poised to focus on all Medicare eligible individuals. As a result on October 15, AlphaCare also launched a Medicare advantage plan a Dual-Eligible Special Needs Plan or D-SNP and an Institutional Special Needs Plan, or ISNP. These plans have begun active enrollment for members during this years open enrollment period and will be effective 01/01/14 in the four counties in which we participate for the FIDA program. These additional products allow us to offer all categories on Medicare planned coverage to the patients of our network providers. Our investment in healthcare provides us the opportunity to enter the New York marketplace which has one of the largest Medicaid and Medicare spends in the country and leverages our expertise to create an integrated care offering. It also provides us capabilities in the Medicare and long-term care spaces which support our broader Magellan Complete Care strategy. Magellan Complete Care will continue to implement integrated management programs in existing markets and look for opportunities to expand our geographic footprint. We are continuously refining our market entry approach into additional states through building new programs or acquisitions in certain states where we currently have significant behavioral health networks and experience such as Louisiana or Iowa, we may pursue obtaining an HMO license similar to what we did in Florida. Our goal by 2017 remains to manage no less than $2.5 billion of total healthcare spend or targeted populations in approximately five to seven states. We are excited about our accomplishments to-date and look forward to continued growth in this business. We also have made significant strides in growing our Pharmacy Solutions business. Earlier this month, we completed our acquisition of Partners Rx, a full service commercial pharmacy benefits management company, or PBM founded in 2001 with a strong focus on health plans and self-funded employers sold primarily through third-party administrators or TPAs, consultants and brokers. We acquired the company for $100 million cash. The net cash impact was $88 million which reflects a $10 million investment by key management Magellan restricted stock and working capital adjustments of $2 million. Partners Rx has a successful operating model and a stable and growing book of business today encompassing approximately 300,000 core commercial lives. This acquisition is important for a number of reasons. It enhances our core commercial PBM expertise and provides additional scale. It supports our comprehensive drug strategy to provide a complete set of pharmaceutical management services through a broad range of customers and leverages our core capabilities in specialty, medical pharmacy and pharmacy benefits management. Partners Rx brings an expanded sales and marketing function, experienced with the health plan and self-funded employer markets, access through TPAs, consultant and brokers where we historically have not had a strong presence. And lastly, it has a seasoned management team that has significant experience and proven expertise to our existing pharmacy leadership. Our pharmacy business is one of our primary growth engines for the future and our goal is to grow our total pharmacy revenues to at least $2.5 billion over the next five years. We plan to achieve this goal through both organic and inorganic means and we may seek further acquisitions to provide additional capabilities such as mail order or Medicare Part D and to increase scale and efficiencies. I am also pleased that we have added two new members to our senior management team, Bob Field, who has been the President and CEO of Partners Rx, has assumed the role of CEO of Magellan Pharmacy Solutions and Sam Srivastava, who has been appointed to the new position of CEO of Magellan Plan Services. Both Bob and Sam are dynamic leaders with significant track records of success and innovation and they Tina Blasi, an exceptional proven leader who is CEO of our RBM segment. I am delighted that these gifted industry leaders are part of the Magellan executive team. Next, I want to update you on the status of our contract and bid protest in Maricopa County. The Arizona Department of Health Services extended our contract through March 31, 2014. It had been scheduled to expire on September 30, 2013. After January 1, 2014, the state will have the right to terminate the contract upon 30 days notice. This six-month extension will provide our members and providers continuity of service while our protest and appeal are being considered and ensures that our members receive quality healthcare with the focus that drives the recovery and promotes resiliency. Our protested appeal was the subject of a hearing before the opus of administrative hearings that concluded on September 27. Both parties were required to file or post hearing submissions by October 21 and are required to file their responses to the oppositions post hearing submissions by October 29. After this occurs the administrative law judge is expected to make her recommendation to the Arizona Department of Administration within 20 days after which the ADOA has three days to accept, reject or modify the recommendation. Earlier this month, State Healthcare Exchanges began their open their open enrollment period. The process has deferred across the states depending on the technology and type of exchange either federal, federal-state partnership or state. The exchanges will provide a marketplace for expanding coverage to millions of individuals beginning in 2014. We have been studying how this will play out in various states and its impact on our business. As we continue to work with our existing customers regarding their participation on the exchanges, our early indications are that many of them are looking for a low cost solution to help defray the cost of complex services. To-date we are supporting a large number of existing health plan customers as they enter the public exchanges in both behavioral health and radiology benefits management carve outs. In the pharmacy area, we see potential opportunity as a commercial PBM carve out in the private exchanges as they gain momentum with employers over the next few years. This is an exciting and dynamic time at Magellan as we continue to transform the company and position it for the changing healthcare market and for future growth. The recent developments in our specialty plan in Florida and in AlphaCare in New York as well as the acquisition of Partners Rx clearly show that we are willing to make the investments necessary to further our growth strategy. Jon Rubin will now provide details on this segment and our outlook for the next year after which we will take your questions. Jon?
Jon Rubin - Chief Financial Officer: Great, thanks Barry and good morning everyone. Net income for the third quarter of 2013 was $47.2 million or $1.70 per share on a diluted basis. For the third quarter of 2012, net income was $66.3 million or $2.36 per share on a diluted basis. The decrease in net income between periods was mainly attributable to a decrease in segment profit and a higher effective tax rate. The tax rate reflects the impact of a lower level of tax contingency reversals in the current year quarter than in the prior year quarter. The reversals result from the closure of statute of limitations on federal and state tax years. Revenue in the third quarter of 2013 was $873.6 million, which was $75.2 million higher than in the third quarter of 2012. The revenue increase resulted primarily from new business and an increasing membership from existing customers, which was partially offset by lost revenues associated with terminated contracts. Our segment profit for the third quarter of 2013 was $59.2 million compared to $69.4 million for the third quarter of 2012. I will now review each of the segments results and growth opportunities. Segment profit for commercial behavioral health was $25.7 million, a decrease of $7.3 million over the third quarter of 2012. The current year quarter includes approximately $5 million of severance relating to planned contract terminations. The bounce of the decrease was mainly due to terminated contracts and unfavorable care trends, which were partially offset by new business and favorable rate changes. We previously mentioned that one of commercial health plan customers with annual revenues of approximately $200 million has informed us that after competitive evaluation process they have decided not to renew their contract when it expires on December 31, 2013. In order to provide an orderly transition to the new vendor our current estimate that this contract will be extended through mid-2014. In addition we are in discussions with several of our health plan and employer customers whose contracts were up renewal in 2014. None of these customers have initiated competitive procurements. We continued to have a steady pipeline of 2014 and 2015 commercial behavioral health opportunities including interest from regional plans, new federal and military programs, employers and other health plans that we can support in their Medicaid expansion, ACO and exchange initiatives. Segment profit for public sector was $34.8 million, an increase of $9.1 million from the prior year quarter. This increase was mainly due to favorable prior period claims development in the current year quarter including adjustments of block funding to providers resulting from our annual reconciliation process, which is partially offset by unfavorable care trends. The state of Nebraskas conversion to a risk-based behavior health contract with annual revenues of approximately $100 million went live on September 1. In addition, were continuing our implementation efforts for the Commonwealth of Virginia Behavioral Health Services Administrator contract that are on schedule for December 1, 2013 go live date. This ASO contract is expected to generate annualized revenues of approximately $20 million. On our last call, we discussed the ASO contract with the state of Iowa for statewide behavioral led health homes for approximately 26,000 adults with SMI and 16,000 children with serious emotional disturbance. This contract is expected to have revenues of approximately $30 million in 2014. Phase 1 of this contract went live in our existing five locations on July 1. There has been a slight delay in Phase 2 with the surrounding counties now scheduled to go live on April 1, 2014, and the rural countries on July 1, 2014. Regarding the public sector pipeline, there has been delays in RFPs for carve out contracts in New Jersey, Texas and Marilyn while these states focus on Medicaid expansion and exchanges. We now expect these RFPs to be released sometime in 2014 with start dates in 2015. In our radiology benefits management segment, third quarter 2013 segment profit were $15.1 million, a decrease of $1.3 million over the third quarter of 2012. This decrease was mainly due to net unfavorable rate changes in care trends partially offset by favorable prior period care development and the net impact of new business. Expectations of expanding Medicaid population and new exchange lives are significant factors fueling growth in our radiology segment. We signed a new regional Medicaid health plan under a full risk arrangement for January 1, 2014, and we anticipate new risk membership in several markets where one of our MCO customers has been awarded new coverage areas. In addition, were actively planning for new risk in ASO lives through exchange programs being offered by several current customers in 2014. We are also in discussions with several of our health plan customers whose contracts are up for renewal in 2014. None of these customers have initiated competitive procurement processes. Interest in our pain management product continues and we recently signed the contract with the health plan which will begin on January 1, 2014. Our pipeline includes several other active pain management opportunities. Our radiology contract with Coventry which was acquired by Aetna runs through December 31, 2015. Aetna currently uses multiple RBM vendors then they have recently issued in RSP for all of their RBMs business effective after the exploration of our contract. We plan to participate in that procurement process. Third quarter segment profit for the pharmacy solution segment were $15.8 million, a decrease of $3.3 million over the third quarter of 2012. This decrease is primarily due to implementation cost incurred in the current year quarter to support new business. During the quarter, two of our health plan specialty customers notified us of their intent not to renew their contract upon exploration. Both contracts one with revenues at $68.2 million through September 30 and other with revenues of $43.3 million through 2013 will be terminating on December 31, 2013. They are both primarily specialty dispensing contracts and we believe these decisions were made to consolidate specialty distribution into the core PBM services. This underscores the importance of our pharmacy strategy to provide a full range of pharmacy products including a robust commercial and Medicaid PBM as well as specialty and medical pharmacy management. Our pharmacy pipeline contains many opportunities in both the Medicaid and commercial segments. Within our specialty products, were seeing strong interest in medical pharmacy from large health plans. There is significant market competition for specialty distribution particularly among large clients. However, were seeing continued interest from small to mid size health plans and from employers. Specifically for the PBM product, the acquisition of Partners Rx gives us an expanded presence in the commercial market and the pipeline of employer opportunities is robust. For our fee for service Medicaid product, there are number of state Medicaid point of sale RFPs that have been released and we are anticipating an increase in opportunities as several states have delayed procurements from earlier this year. Regarding other financial results, corporate cost excluding stock compensation expense were $7.4 million greater than the third quarter of 2012. This increase is primarily due to higher discretionary benefits, legal fees and other one-time cost partially offset by investments in our growth initiative, which were included in corporate expenses in 2012 which are reflected in the individual business segments in 2013. Excluding stock compensation expense, total direct service and operating expenses as a percentage of revenue were 17.4% in the current year quarter as compared to 16.4% for the prior year quarter. This year-over-year increase is mainly due to the higher one-time administrative expenses previously discussed. The effective income tax rate for the quarter ended September 30, 2013 was a negative 29.2% due to the reversal of federal and state contingency reserve in the current year. The tax benefit reflected in the current year quarter due to these reversals is approximately $24.8 million compared to $35.8 million of reversals in the prior year quarter. Accordingly, we now expect our full year tax rate for 2013 to be approximately 25%. Turning to cash flow and balance sheet highlights, our cash flow from operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2013 was a $171.3 million compared to cash flow from operations of $111.7 million for the prior year period. Cash flow for the current year period includes the positive impact of a shift of restricted cash into restricted investments in the amount of $33.6 million, which is reflected as a source of cash from operation and the use of cash from investing activities. Cash flow for the prior year period included the negative impact of shift of restricted investments through restricted cash in the amount of $27.4 million. Absent these transfers cash flow from operations for the current year period totaled $137.7 million compared to $139.1 million for the prior year period. As of September 30, 2013, the companys unrestricted cash and investments totaled $355.9 million, which represents an increase of $53.6 million from the balance of December 31, 2012, approximately $49.4 million of the total unrestricted cash from investments at September 30, 2013 related to excess capital and undistributed earnings held the regulated subsidiaries. The companys restricted cash and investments balance of September 30, 2013 up $363.1 million reflects an increase of $15.6 million from the balance of December 31, 2012. Most of this increase is due to restricted cash requirements for new Medicaid contract. Relative to 2013, we are now revising our full year guidance for new revenue in the range of $3.5 billion to $3.7 billion, net income of $118 million to $136 million and segment profits in the upper half of our range up $245 million to $265 million. Taking into accomplish the impact of share repurchase activity through October 21, 2013, but not considering any potential future share repurchases, our guidance range for fully diluted EPS is estimated to be $4.28 to $4.93. This updated 2013 guidance now includes the impact of the Partners Rx acquisition which closed on October 1 and an additional quarter of the Maricopa contract. Our 2013 guidance assumes fourth quarter restructuring cost of between $8 million and $12 million associated with the potential loss of this contract. We continue to expect same store normalized cost of care trends for the 12 month forward period of 6% to 8% for commercial behavioral health, 0% to 2% for public sector, and 3% to 5% for radiology benefits management. We are working on our business plan for 2014 and well provide detailed guidance in December. In advance of that I will now provide some initial commentary. To start, our current 2013 guidance range for segment profit includes proximately $15 million of net favorable out of period adjustments including approximately $6 million in retroactive rates and membership adjustments and customer settlements, $28 million in favorable prior period care development, and $19 million dollars in unfavorable administrative costs mainly for severance and other contract termination charges. After adjusting for these net favorable out of period items, our 2013 guidance range would be approximately $240 million to $250 million. As compared to this adjusted guidance range for 2013, we currently expect that we will have moderately lower segment profits in 2014. This expectation primarily reflects previously announced contract terminations with revenue of approximately $900 million including the assumed expiration of the Maricopa contract at March 21, 2014 and continued margin impression  margin pressure primarily in our radiology segment. These unfavorable items are expected to be partially offset by the impact of the full year of Partners Rx, which is expected to have an accretive impact of approximately $0.20 cent per diluted share. The annualization of new business sold during calendar year 2013 and the impact of expected new business effective in 2014. We believe that by the end of 2014, we will have a more stable customer base from which we can achieve earnings growth in the future years with significant contribution from Magellan Complete Care and the pharmacy solutions initiative. Again we will provide more detailed guidance during our December call. In closing we are pleased with sour results for the third quarter and our continued progress on our strategic growth initiatives. Barry and I are now available to answer questions and I will turn the call back over to the operator. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Dave Styblo from Jefferies.
Dave Styblo - Jefferies: Great, thanks for taking the questions guys. So I just circle back on the 14 guidance, it sounds like the midpoint $245 million is where we should begin to think about it. Can you  when you mentioned the moderately lower earnings can you better bracket that for us to give us a sense for the pressure? And then what is included in terms of Maricopa are there going to be any additional exit costs that are part of the guidance for next year or is that all recorded in the quarter?
Jon Rubin: Dave this is Jon, I will give you a kind of the broad answer to that, but again we will provide more detailed guidance as we get to December. First, your interpretation of the run rate in 2013 is correct after adjusting for the non-recurring items. In terms of the (indiscernible) again we are at a point yet where we have the details sufficiently nailed down to give you a more precise directional indication than we have point. I will just point to a couple of things that we noted. One, the contract terminations of $900 million that we previously disclosed would certainly be the largest item to consider in the year-over-year picture. But again we also have the impact of Partners Rx going the other way as well as a new business. So again we will get more specific as we get into December and we will do the call then. Relative to the question on the transition  the transition and severance costs. At this point our assumption is that the vast majority of that will be recorded this year and as described thats the roughly in the fourth quarter $8 million to $12 million plus weve also recorded some severance this quarter $5 million on the commercial side and another $2 million to $3 million flows through corporate, so all those you really can consider part of the kind of net one-time expenses that are incurred in 2013.
Dave Styblo - Jefferies: Got it and just to be clear you are including guidance reflects or contemplates a full quarter of Maricopa, right?
Jon Rubin: At this point yes in sort of the directional guidance obviously as we learn more and at the point where we are in December we will update that to the extent thats appropriate.
Dave Styblo - Jefferies: Okay. And then if I can just shift over to the segments quickly, the  I may have missed this in the commercial comments here but the margins fell to 13.5% from the high- and clearly there was some favorable development in the prior quarters, but can you elaborate more and whats going on there, if this is the new run rate kind of a mid to low teens level or is there something going on unusual for the quarter right now.
Barry Smith: Yes, the only thing Id note there, David is what weve noted before and what weve always shown in our queue. We did have some favorable adjustments in prior quarter customer settlements in second quarter that we are in the $6 million to $7 million range and conversely as we noted we had about $5 million of severance cost in the commercial segment this quarter. So, if you normalized for those I think you get a lot closer to what the run rate is.
Dave Styblo - Jefferies: Got it, great. Thanks for the questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Josh Raskin with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Josh Raskin  Barclays: Hi, thanks, good morning. first question on partners RX, when you  Im just trying to figure out sort of the financial implications here, it sounds like you are obviously including it in the guidance for 2013 directionally you mentioned at the positive 2014, any sense of what the segment contribution would be and I heard the $0.20 of accretion, but I dont know sort of the DNA numbers that go into that. Im just curious what the contribution to second profit is a 4Q and in what the expectations next year.
Jon Rubin: Yes, Josh, its Jon, in terms of fourth quarter, I mean, its relatively modest, I mean because weve got obviously some earnings coming through but also some integration expenses build in. So, its relatively modest in the fourth quarter. In terms of the $0.20 accretion again I wouldnt  I think most of that you can view as operating earnings less taxes, I mean, there is not a lot of other costs above or below the line you need to consider.
Josh Raskin  Barclays: Thats like somewhere in the ballpark to $6 million bucks. Is that attenuating you paid a $100 million for $6 million of income is that way we should think about it.
Jon Rubin: Again I look at it sort of after that is being after taxed and will be more specific in terms of the range when we get to December, but thats the ballpark number and sort of in all in after tax basis.
Josh Raskin  Barclays: Okay and then just the next question is in terms of the actual quarter, Jon, I guess a lot of moving parts in terms of one timers is there sort of a net, net number in terms of sort of total out of period and/or one-timers like severance and things like that.
Jon Rubin: Yes, I mean, there is things obviously going in both directions, but in terms of severance as I noted earlier there is about  there is $5 million in commercial and another couple of million in corporate to give you in an overall sense and then we also had some other one-time expenses is noted in corporate things like legal fees which were higher than normal during the quarter because of various activities that we are managing. When you  but then on the other side in public sector we had some favorable prior care development including the annual update we do on the block funding so it tends to net to a relatively small number when you look at it in total, call it $3 million favorable in the quarter overall.
Josh Raskin  Barclays: $3 million favorable, and then last question, you mentioned the 100,000 lives of in terms of potential in Florida and said that your goal would be at least 20% penetration. What are the other 80,000 people go? Is that plans that arent SMI targets where they just going to tough to find and not necessarily (indiscernible).
Jon Rubin: Thats correct, yes, so we are the only SMI specialty plan that was approved and will be operational in the state on next year, but in each of the counties where we are operating there will be other health plans, the other MCOs general Medicaid plans that theoretically can compete for those members.
Barry Smith: Hey, Josh, this is Barry here. We are also working through with the state the enrollment process and we havent completed that yet and so, we really cant give any indications as what we would expect with the next couple of years, but it could be very positive. We dont want to forecast that and we really know what their intention is.
Josh Raskin  Barclays: Its conceivable they would start auto assigning or something like the plan that meet the needs right now down.
Barry Smith: Its absolutely possible Josh, and the good news is the shapes been great to work with and working with us through the criteria to identify. We clearly have a lot of experience to stay with the SMI population. We have great date and experience from the state on both the physical medical and the pharma pieces and it and they are various methodologies that we can use to identify the population and then the question becomes how aggressively will the state work to have those assigned to our plan. We believe we are going to be able to offer just exceptional quality of care and service of these individuals. So we think its a great upside from a quality care standpoint. We also think by integrating the Behavioral Health and Physical Medicine, we can work very effectively with the state to control costs. So we think that they are going to be very enthusiastic about working with us and moving forward but again, we dont know yet that what that result is.
Josh Raskin - Barclays: Okay, perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the Scott Fidel from Deutsche Bank.
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank: Thanks. First question, just can we get an update on medical cost trends in each of the business segments. Jon, I dont think I heard you say that in the prepared remarks, so we assume that everything was stable there? And then can you give us a preliminary look around 2014 in terms of whether you are expecting any meaningful changes on cost trends in any of the key business segments?
Jon Rubin: Yes, Scott. The current trends in terms of our outlook have not changed. So they are still at the levels that we have talked about over the last quarter. In terms of 2014, we will give kind of more specific updates when we get to December. At this point, I would just say directionally cost trends should continue at relatively similar levels to what we believe we are seeing currently, but we are going to be evaluating that and giving sort of specific outlook at our December call.
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Then the second question just on the positive tax items in the quarter and it looks like now in each of the last two quarters, you have had some big positive reversals during the third quarter and just wondering as we move into 2014 whether you expect that this will be sort of an annual update that we have in the third quarter or are those reserves largely being depleted at this point and we shouldnt expect meaningful positive tax reversals in 2014 and beyond?
Jon Rubin: I mean, Scott to answer the question first, I would say these are tax contingencies that we put up for various reasons. So its very hard to predict what will actually play out year-to-year, which is why it makes it difficult to forecast. Having said that, we saw reversals last year of $35 million plus this year in the $24 million, $25 million range. There is a potential for these reversals to continue over the foreseeable future, but you can tell from the pattern in the last couple of years, it is sort of a declining pattern. We have remaining the opportunity of about and you can all update this as we file the case for the full year. We have about $32 million of remaining opportunities over future years. And again, the pattern should be declining over the years.
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank: Okay, got it. Thank you. And then just interested if you can give us some more details on the risk-based radiology contract that you discussed thats effective Jan 1, 2014, is this commercial or Medicaid customer and any sense on the number of lives that you are going to manage there?
Jon Rubin: Yes, I mean at this point, we dont give customer level details unless it kind of meets the threshold for material contracts, but well say that we feel very good not just about that particular contract, but about the other wins that we have talked about. Some of which have been on the commercial side, some of which have been on the Medicaid side as well as the fact that we believe we have got great opportunities going forward both in traditional radiology, but also in new products such as pain management that I talked about. But again, unfortunately we dont give any additional details on some of the less material contracts.
Barry Smith: And Scott, Barry here. I would say that Tina Blasi, who has been the CEO of our RBM business for years at this point in time is just an exceptional leader both in terms of delivering the quality of care. The MLR has been managed to our customers benefit and high-quality of care and also has just exceptionally well connected to the marketplace. And so we have over the last many years has had great success in all segments of this business and we anticipate the same in next year as well.
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then just one last question just on the large commercial $200 million annualized customer that extended for six months next year. Should we just assume sort of a similar run-rate there, so we assume around $100 million contribution in the first half of 14 and then that goes offline or are there any meaningful changes in the revenue run rate for the first half of next year?
Barry Smith: Yeah, I mean, at this point, this is an estimate we dont have kind of formal notice of exactly when the contract may sent to but that is our working assumption and I wouldnt project any major changes, I mean, that the contracting services were providing, well continue to be as weve always done up until that point.
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Baker from Raymond James.
Michael Baker  Raymond James: Yeah, thanks a lot, I was looking interested in some color around you, thoughts on the private exchange obviously focusing on self funded employers. So, it gives us a sense of your thoughts around the phase of change that you would anticipate and which whether or not there would be a change in funding option. In other words if you are seeing them up to move from sort of risk some thoughts around that first.
Barry Smith: Well, I would just generally save the world, this is a new area for us all and that the providers out there our sales included were all trying to figure out what it means and the rate of adoption it clearly the whole exchange movement is off to a bit first a slow start when it comes to both federal and state exchanges. But we do expecting to be material to us overtime. In terms of the again we cant say we just havent seen yet this really roll out from a timing standpoint. Relative to the risk versus ASO one of the things thats happening is that we are seeing a greater interest in this integration of behavioral health at physical medicine and so its not the same as in past years where would have simply  a simple carve out. What we are able to do we demonstrated in our own products with our Magellan complete care, we are able to do either ASO risk and be very effective. We are hopeful that on exchanges and with our clients particularly that will be able to more risk contracts to be able to provide them and more predictable path in terms with the cost structure and how were embedded in the products so we go to market directly. So, again we havent seen a real trend one where the other at this point.
Michael Baker  Raymond James: And then in terms of the partners RX, can you give us a sense of what their model has been up to-date, I believe there has been an affiliation component to it or an equity piece and then it sounds like there was the restricted stock purchase was that primarily just management or did you also target some key customers around that dynamic.
Barry Smith: Well, Ill start with the first question the purchase of stock was by key management executives at partners they have a real confidence in both their ability and our ability to work together and are very bullish about future so, they meet a big investment in Magellan and our collective success for the future. Now relative to their basic model theyve been very focused on the TPA market that brokers or consultants and but moving upstream from the smaller accounts represented in their TPA book of business to larger employer accounts. We as we mentioned in the script have not had a strong presence with brokers or consultants which is really material and key towards success as we move into the middle market employer into larger employers so, their expertise in selling and messaging to the smaller and middle sized employer market is key. They are very  they have been very successful at high retention rate of their client base, very high levels of service and are very different kind of a model thats far more transparent then the traditional PBM. They have been very profitable and we expect that to continue and they just they again  they are very well connected in the TPA broker consultant community and so thats a real ad for us here at Magellan.
Michael Baker  Raymond James: And then just finally it sounds like they have had historically high retention as you look to 2014 dont anticipate any meaningful change there.
Barry Smith: No, no, we really dont its just a great model. I think the clients are so  are very satisfied because the level of service that also the economics for the clients are very strong as well so we would expect any difference going forward.
Michael Baker  Raymond James: Thanks for the update.
Barry Smith: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from Carl McDonald from Citi.
Carl McDonald  Citi: Great, thanks. First question for Jon, just the comments you made about 2014 given you a good base that you grow into 2015, as I think about the quarter of Maricopa next year and then the half year the Horizon contract next year that gets something into the scenario of about $30 million in EBITDA so may be a bit more than 10% where the 14 guidance. So are you saying you think you are going to be able to grow through that EBITDA hit in 2015?
Jon Rubin: Carl, I will look in my comment at this stage is being more of a run rate comment, where we think well be at the end of the 16 and Im sorry end of 14 and being able to build from there. We obviously arent in a position yet to be able to give specific commentary on 2015. Having said that remember also there is a lot of things going for us as we go through 2014. Barry talked very specifically about some of the developments in Florida as an example which obviously will not start and will not ramp up rates at the beginning of 2014. Weve got very good momentum on pharmacy with sales activity both within partners RX and things going on in our organization. So, we feel very good about being able to grow from the point that we jump off in 2014, but again well give a lot more specifics on it as we get through the next year.
Carl McDonald  Citi: Okay, and then a question on Florida the Medicaid behavioral health contract that you have I think its about $130 million revenue. Can you just talk about that will transition as the new Florida program starts up.
Barry Smith: Yeah, the Medicaid contract will come to an end as the managed care components going to play in Florida. We again did for eight counties there in Florida which represents the majority of the counties in Florida, the populated counties in Florida and so the revenues we feel well grow quite substantially there and well have complete management of both the physical medicine and health of these individuals. We really  since we dont have the ramp yet for how the state will work with us on enrollment to what that process will be. Its hard to forecast how one how effective the ramping up of our new contracts will affect the kind of the difference between the losing of that Medicaid contract and the ramp-up of the new business. I will say that the opportunity in the upside is significant much, much larger than the state (indiscernible) carve out contract. Theyre not even close. So, we think its going to be a net incremental significant positive for us.
Carl McDonald  Citi: And then the big picture question for you, Barry, which is as you move into the full suite of offerings, can you just give us a sense of how you think about the potential conflict with existing customers so like in a situation like Florida where you focused specifically on severely mentally ill, yeah, I think its fairly straight forward to differentiate and sort of what you are doing is different versus your competitors who were also in some cases of your customers. When you start bidding for Medicare advantage plans that are for sale or some of the things that you do or going to be doing in New York? It puts you sort of more in conflict with the customer so it should be interested in your thoughts on how that plays out.
Barry Smith: Well, Carl, Id answer two ways, one is that we have been  we would love to do partnerships and work with our existing clients wherever we can and we do that and will continue to do that. We are also going to be very selective and were going to talk to our clients about where we are going, but weve been very selective about where we go sort of we are indirect  typically indirect competition with our clients. Having said that, we also have a very specific focus as you pointed out to the SMIs special needs population so while we might be in the same state as an existing client we arent going largely for the same  gives us clearly we are going at the subset to manage the most difficult of these release that they have. There is even a point that could be made that in states where we are going into where the clients  where we currently had clients they may well want us and typically what I would think to work with these difficult to manage medically and to the SMI population so that we can enhance their performance in those states so we havent seen the major complication. We are very sensitive to the issue and want to make sure that we work with our clients in a very cooperative fashion.
Carl McDonald  Citi: I appreciate, thank you.
Barry Smith: You bet.
Renie Shapiro - Senior Vice President, Corporate Finance: Well, we thank you for the participation in todays conference call. We look forward to speaking with you all again in December when well provide details of our 2014 guidance. Thank you for joining us today. Take care.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes todays call. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Renie Shapiro  SVP, Corporate Finance Barry Smith  CEO Jon Rubin  CFO
Analysts:  Dave Styblo  Jefferies Carl McDonald  Citigroup Josh Raskin  Barclays Capital Ana Gupte  Dowling & Partners Scott Fidel  Deutsche Bank Michael Baker  Raymond James 
Operator: Welcome and thank you for standing for the second quarter 2013 earnings call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. (Operator instructions) Todays conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I will now turn the meeting over to Ms. Renie Shapiro. Go ahead, maam. You may begin.
Renie Shapiro: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. This is Renie Shapiro, Senior Vice President of Corporate Finance for Magellan Health Services. With me today are Magellans Chief Executive Officer, Barry Smith, and our Chief Financial Officer, Jon Rubin. They will discuss the financial and operational results of our second quarter ended June 30th, 2013. Certain of the statements that will be made during this conference call are forward-looking statements contemplated under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown uncertainties and risks which could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed. These forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the complete discussion of risks set forth under the caption risk factors in Magellans annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31st, 2012 and in the current quarters Form 10-Q, which will be filed with the SEC later today and will subsequently be available on our website. In addition, please note that in this call, we refer to segment profits. Segment profit is disclosed and defined in our annual report on Form 10-K and is equal to net revenues less the sum of cost of care, cost of goods sold, direct service costs and other operating expenses excluding stock compensation expense. Segment profit information referred to in this call may be considered a non-GAAP financial measure. Included in the tables issued with this mornings press release is the reconciliation from segment profit to the line item income before income taxes. We encourage you to review such reconciliation for an understanding of how segment profit compares to that GAAP measure. I will now turn our call over to our CEO, Barry Smith.
Barry Smith: Thank you, Renie. Good morning and thank you for joining us. I am pleased to report that Magellan had a strong second quarter and had several notable accomplishments during the quarter including important strides in our Magellan Complete Care and Magellan Pharmacy Solutions growth initiatives. I will discuss our high-level financial metrics for the quarter, progress and our growth strategy, and offer an update on the Maricopa County contract. Jon Rubin will then discuss detailed financial and operating information on each of our segments before we take your questions. With respect to the financial milestones, for the second quarter of 2013, we produced net income of $31.5 million, EPS of $1.15, and segment profit of $75 million. For the six-month year-to-date period, we produced an income of $59.5 million, EPS of $2.17, and segment profit of $144.3 million. As of June the 30th, 2013, we had $281.9 million of unrestricted cash and investments. Year-to-date through July the 24th, 2013, we deployed capital to repurchase approximately 956,000 shares at a cost of $48 million. Through that date, we repurchased approximately 2.1 million shares at an average price of $49.75, completing approximately 52% of the current 200 million authorization. This week, our Board of Directors approved a $100 million increase to this authorization and extended it for two years until October the 25th, 2015. The total remaining under the increased authorization is $196.2 million. The shares may be purchased from time to time on the open market under 10b5-1 plans or in privately negotiated transactions. There are a number of factors that affect the timing and pace of purchases, such as our stock price, projected capital needs, M&A prospects, and determination of opened and closed trading windows. Since we began repurchasing shares in August of 2008, we have repurchased 19.5 million shares at a total cost of $853.8 million, an average price of $43.73. As of July 24th, we have approximately 27.0 million shares outstanding. Our priorities related to capital deployment have not changed. We will use capital to grow our business organically and through acquisitions, and look for opportunities to return capital to shareholders. We continue to assess acquisition opportunities that would advance our Magellan Complete Care and Magellan Pharmacy Solutions initiatives. This is a time of continued growth and transformation of Magellan as we build on the solid foundation developed over the past several years. Weve moved from being a market leader in behavioral health management to a multiline specialty healthcare management company. In response to opportunities that we see in the marketplace, we are further transforming into what I often referred to as Magellan 2.0, a business with sharp focus, leveraging our expertise managing special populations. The most critical component of this transformation is the ongoing development of our Magellan complete care and Magellan Pharmacy Solutions initiatives to address these opportunities and to be our primary growth engines for the future. In addition to these growth opportunities, Magellan 2.0 includes a focused effort to redesign our business to ensure that we are competitive in the staging healthcare marketplace. It includes leveraging technology and processes to drive new levels of efficiency, reassessing our current and future product offerings, and ensuring our administrative expenses are market competitive. As we bring Magellan 2.0 to fruition, we will continue to maximize opportunities in our existing businesses. Our Core Behavioral Health, Radiology, and Pharmacy businesses are performing well and we continue to develop innovative products and services to meet the changing needs of our customers and the healthcare marketplace. A great example of this is our Radiology Benefits Management business where we have several implementations underway this year with a diversified portfolio including a new pain management product. It is important to acknowledge the significant contribution that all of our businesses are making to our results. These core businesses have fueled our past growth and, going forward, will provide the clinical capabilities to holistically manage enrollees in our Magellan Complete Care programs. With our new health plan, MCC Florida, we are leveraging the assets of our entire product portfolio  Behavioral Health, Radiology, and Pharmacy. Let me highlight some of this quarters accomplishments. We continue to make progress in our Magellan Complete Care business. Key events occurred in two states where we went live in the past two months, and weve also had a change in direction in a third state. Im delighted to tell you that we began operating in Florida as a general Medicaid HMO on June the 1st, taking full risk on all medical, behavioral, and pharmaceutical care, integrating both physical and behavioral healthcare. We are extremely pleased that we are now enrolling members in Broward County, with plans to expand to other regions later this year. This accomplishment is the result of over 18 months of work to obtain licenses, build provided networks, develop coordinated models of care, set up infrastructures, and educate providers, community based organizations and advocates about the value we will provide to this vulnerable population. In addition, earlier this year, the state of Florida released an invitation to negotiate, soliciting proposals from general Medicaid HMOs and Medicaid Specialty Plans to participate in the states new mandatory Medicaid Managed Care program. In March, we responded with a proposal to establish a specialty plan in eight of the states 11 regions for the management of Medicaid recipients with serious mental illness, or SMI. Weve been invited to negotiate for plans in all regions that we proposed and, if successful, we expect the plans to be up and running some time in 2014. While others submitted responses to manage specialty populations for child welfare and individuals with HIV/AIDS, we were the only the respondent to propose an SMI specialty plan. There are approximately 100,000 individuals with SMI in the regions we proposed, whose estimated total integrated healthcare spend is significantly higher than that of a standard Medicaid individual. We would expect to penetrate this market over time dependent upon the market and state-enrolment policies. The opportunity in Florida could be quite material depending on the rates and the counties at which we participate. Since 1995, we have worked with the state of Iowa to manage behavioral health for their Medicaid recipients. For the past two years, we have piloted integrated health homes in five counties for individuals with SMI, and our results demonstrate the value of this program in driving better health outcomes. Recently, Iowa received CMS approval for a State Plan Amendment to fund statewide behavioral-led health homes for approximately 26,000 adults with SMI and 16,000 children with serious emotional disturbances. Under this ASO contract, Magellan will manage a team of healthcare professionals who provide comprehensive care coordination for our health home members. The new program went live in our existing five locations in July the 1st and will expand in stages across the state, with surrounding counties going live on January the 1st, 2014, and rural counties on July the 1st, 2014. The contract which provides enhanced Medicaid funding from CMS to the state runs for a rolling two years from the implementation date in each county. We do not anticipate material revenues in 2013, but estimate that 2014 revenues will be approximately $30 million. We decided to end our participation in Fallon Total Care, the drug venture to manage the dual eligible population of Massachusetts under age 65. Given the network costs and the complex healthcare needs of these individuals, the rates offered were not sufficient to sustain profitable operations over the three-year term of the program. As a result, we have transferred our 49% interest in the joint venture to Fallon Community Health Plan, whos now the sole owner of Fallon Total Care. Fallon has been an outstanding partner and weve learned a great deal from this experience that could be helpful as we move forward with our MCC strategy. The termination of our participation in Fallon Total Care will not have a material effect on our 2013 guidance. Every state is unique and the fact that Massachusetts was not financial viable does not impact our overall Magellan Complete Care strategy. We remain enthusiastic about our offering and the opportunities that exist in the market. We continue to assess the market and prioritize our targets for entry. For example, the SMI and dual eligible populations are complex and require our high-touch expertise. There are many different ways to address management of these populations in individual states. While many states are experiencing delays with their dual demonstration programs, we are continually evaluating ways to manage the dual eligibles. In adding to pursuing integrated demonstration programs, we are looking at programs funded separately through Medicaid or Medicare. In states where we believe these opportunities exist, we are proactively taking steps to be able to participate. Bases where we currently have existing Medicaid business and a proven track record are a high priority for us. We can leverage existing relationships much like we did in Florida and with the integrated health homes in Iowa. We are also looking at ways to expand our programs to target populations with intellectual and developmental disabilities, those needing long-term care institutionalized persons and others with chronic illnesses. Our goal remains to manage the entire healthcare spend for special population in a limited number of states that will generate no less than $2.5 billion of revenue by 2017 either directly or in partnerships. We will seek to achieve that objective through organic growth or through acquisitions that will provide capabilities, licensure, scale, or infrastructures to complement our existing scales, and accelerate our strategy. Our Pharmacy Solution strategy, in which we offer a suite of clinical and cost management solutions that integrate our specialty, medical pharmacy and PBM capabilities, continues to gain traction. We believe this strategy will be an exciting growth opportunity for Magellan, capable of generating pharmacy revenues of $2.5 billion over the next five years. Our first commercial PBM client, implemented for an employer customer on January the 1st, expanded the program to include more of their employees and retirees this quarter. Our strong operating performance and effective care management have made this a referenceable customer. We implemented two key contracts this quarter which continue to solidify our established position as the market leader in specialty and medical pharmacy, while simultaneously reinforcing Magellans overall capabilities as a pharmacy-benefit management company. Our new 10-care PBM contract went live on June the 1st, covering 1.2 million Medicaid recipients in Tennessee. During implementation, we reached out to over 1,200 pharmacies to provide education and support, and within the first 24 hours, we successfully processed over 72,000 claims. On July the 1st, we fully implemented a significant medical pharmacy account, bringing a number of lives managed under this product to approximately 9 million. There were also new sales this quarter, including a new medical pharmacy contract with an existing rebate customer; again, proving the concept that an integrated product is a very attractive option for the market. In addition, we are building our sales infrastructure. Were expanding our sales capabilities to address the long PBM sale cycle and position ourselves for a July the 1st, 2014 and January the 1st, 2015 best of plan dates. Outreach to the broker and consultant community is vital to reach our target market. Weve had positive feedback from them regarding the value proposition for integrated pharmacy solution. Our products fill an important gap in todays pharmacy market, providing flexible, channel-neutral solutions that address complex issues with a focus on clinical excellence, member engagement, and improve outcomes. Well update you on the current status of our protest of the Maricopa contract award. On May the 9th, we filed an appeal and a motion to stay the award and implementation of the contract with the Arizona Department of Administration, the agency responsible for considering appeals of procurement protest in Iowa. On May the 21st, a stay of the award and implementation of the contract was granted while the department considers the merits of our protest and appeal. On June the 13th, the Department of Administration ordered a continuation of the stay as well as a hearing before an independent administrative law judge in the Arizona Office of Administrative Hearings, which is currently scheduled for the week of August the 12. You should be aware that there is no assurance that we will prevail in our appeal or that the stay will remain in effect. We continue to focus our efforts on our members and ensuring the highest quality of service delivery and outcomes. We are working with providers to ensure continuity and consistency of care, continued movement towards health and wellness, and promoting recovery and resiliency. Jon Rubin will now discuss each segments details, after which well take your questions. Jon?
Jon Rubin: Thanks, Barry, and good morning, everyone. Net income for the second quarter of 2013 was $31.5 million or a $1.15 per share on a diluted basis. For the second quarter of 2012, net income was $27 million or $0.97 per share in a diluted basis. The increase in net income between periods was mainly attributable to higher segment profit. Revenue in the second quarter of 2013 was $842.7 million, which was $37.3 million higher than in the second quarter of 2012. The revenue increase resulted primarily from new business and rate increase which were partially offset by lost revenues associated with terminated contracts. Our segment profit for the second quarter of 2013 was $75 million compared to $64.8 million for the second quarter of 2012. Ill now review each of the segments results and growth opportunities. Our commercial behavioral health segment had a strong second quarter, producing $35 million of segment profit, an increase of $9.9 million over the second quarter of 2012. The increase includes the impact of favorable customer settlements in the current year quarter of $6.7 million, and also reflect the benefit of revenue associated with new business and same-store growth. The prior year quarter included higher performance-based revenue of $2.3 million. During the quarter, an expansion was approved in the military and family life counseling program. The expansion began on July 1st and is expected to be completed by the fourth quarter of this year. While the impact on 2013 is not material, we anticipate additional annualized revenue of approximately $15 million in 2014. Theres a steady pipeline of 2014 commercial behavioral health opportunities, including interest from regional plans, Medicaid MCOs, and other health plans we can support in their Medicaid expansion, ACO, and exchange initiatives. Were also seeing an active pipeline of employer opportunities for 2014 plan dates. Segment profit for Public Sector was $28.8 million, a decrease of $3.2 million from the prior year second quarter. The decrease was mainly due to the inclusion in the prior year quarter of a favorable contractual settlement of $2.2 million, care trends in excess of rate increases, and the inclusion in the current year quarter of investments in Magellan Complete Care, which are included in Public Sectors results in 2013. Partially offsetting these items is favorable prior period care development in the current year quarter of $6.2 million. In addition to the health home initiative that Barry described earlier, our Iowa Medicaid business expanded on July 1st to include a program that manages services to those members who need support for daily living. These services including the health home initiative went fully implemented in mid-2014 will generate approximately $100 million of additional annualized revenue. In June, the Commonwealth of Virginia awarded Magellan an ASO contract as the states behavioral health services administrator. Under the terms of the contract, we will manage all behavioral healthcare that is currently fee-for-service for both the Medicaid program and the states Childrens Health Concerns program. The combined program will cover approximately 900,000 recipients. This three-year contract, which includes two additional one-year optional period, will be effective December 1st, 2013 and is expected to generate annualized revenue of approximately $20 million. As we discussed in our last call, we were awarded the state of Nebraskas risk-based behavioral health contract with annual revenues of approximately $100 million. We remain on track for a go-live date of September 1st, 2013. Regarding the Public Sector pipeline, there have been some delays, but we still anticipate RFPs for the state of New Jersey ASO Adult Behavioral Health program as well as programs in Texas and Maryland, all in early 2014, with 2015 implementation dates for all three of these contracts. In our Radiology Benefits Management segment, second quarter 2013 segment profit was $20.6 million, an increase of $2.8 million over the second quarter of 2012. This increase was mainly due to net favorable prior period care development recorded in the current year quarter of $2.3 million, as well as the net impact of new business and favorable care trends. These increases were partially offset by favorable contract settlements recorded in the prior year quarter of $4.4 million. We continue to see growth in our radiology segment, including market and product expansion for our key commercial risk customer, which were implemented on July 1st. Momentum around cardiac product expansion continues. We have produced very strong results for our initial customer in the management of outpatient left heart catheterization, and we implemented this program in two additional markets for this customer on July 1st. Second quarter segment profit for the Pharmacy Solutions segment was $16.2 million, a decrease of $4.5 million over the second quarter of 2012. This decrease is primarily due to retroactive revenue adjustments recorded in the prior year quarter of $2 million, as well as implementation cost incurred in the current year quarter to support new business. Our pharmacy pipeline is robust with many opportunities in both the Medicaid and commercial segments. Specifically for the PBM product, we continue to see interest in our services from Medicaid MCOs and employers and we are currently in advanced discussions with a number of potential customers. For our fee-for-service Medicaid product, the procurement processes for several state Medicaid POS program have been delayed until late 2013 or early 2014. Regarding other financial results, corporate costs excluding stock compensation expense were $5.3 million less than in the second quarter of 2012. This decrease is primarily due to investments in our growth initiative which were included in corporate expenses in 2012 that are now reflected in the individual business segment in 2013. Excluding stock compensation expense, total direct service and operating expenses as a percentage of revenue were 16.6% in the current year quarter as compared to 16.9% for the prior year quarter. This year-over-year decrease is mainly due to our ability to hold increases in administrative expenses below our revenue growth rate. The effective income tax rate for the quarter ended June 30th, 2013 was 40.7%, which is comparable to the prior year quarter. Turning to cash flow and balance sheet highlights. Our cash flow from operations for the six-month ended June 30th, 2013 was $86.9 million compared to cash flow from operations of $75 million for the prior year period. Cash flow for the current year period includes the positive impact of a shift of restricted cash into restricted investments in the amount of $31.2 million, which is reflected as a source of cash from operations and the use of cash from investing activities. Cash flow for the prior year period included the negative impact of a shift of restricted investments to restricted cash in the amount of $19.5 million. Absent these transfers, cash flow from operations for the current year period totaled $55.7 million compared to $94.5 million for the prior year period, representing a decrease in cash flow from operations of $38.8 million. The decrease in cash flow is primarily attributable to net unfavorable working capital changes between periods of $48.7 million, and an increase in cash tax payments of $14.2 million, partially offset by the increase in segment profit between periods of $24.1 million. The net unfavorable impact of working capital changes between periods is largely due to increases in management incentive payments, accounts receivable and pharmacy inventory levels, as well as the net increase in restricted cash requirements associated with the companys regulated entities. As of June 30th, 2013, the companys unrestricted cash and investments totaled $281.9 million, which represents the decrease of $20.3 million from the balance at December 31st, 2012. Approximately $54.1 million of the total unrestricted cash and investments at June 30th, 2013 related to excess capital and undistributed earnings held at regulated subsidiaries. The companys restricted cash and investment balance at June 30th, 2013 of $341.6 million reflect a decrease of $5.8 million from the balance at December 31st, 2012. Relative to full year 2013, we are maintaining our guidance for net revenue in the range of $3.3 billion to $3.5 billion, net income of $90 million to $108 million, and segment profit of $245 million and $265 million. Taking into account the impact of share repurchase activity through July 24th, 2013, but not considering any potential future share repurchases, our guidance for fully diluted EPS is still a range of $3.27 to $3.93. We continue to expect same-store normalized cost of care trends for the 12-month forward period of 6% to 8% for commercial behavioral health, 0% to 2% for Public Sector, and 3% to 5% for Radiology Benefits Management. In summary, were pleased with our results for the second quarter and our continued progress on a strategy growth initiative. Barry and I are now available to answer questions. And Ill turn the call back over to the operator. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session (Operator instructions) Our first question comes from Dave Styblo of Jefferies. Go ahead, sir. Your line is open.
Dave Styblo  Jefferies: Good morning, guys. Thanks for the color on the call. Had a couple of questions. The first one was just a follow-up on Maricopa. I think you had mentioned the hearing is set for August 12. Wondering what should we expect out of that. Is there going to be some sort of definitive answer or is it something where the process could continue to drag on for several months after that?
Barry Smith: The hearing is scheduled for August the 12th and that we dont know at this point in time what the outcome of that event will be. There is a lot of discussions that will be had, and were putting together materials right now. But its really unclear at this point what the  how long this will take to resolve. It could be resolved in a short time or it could take a very long time. We just dont know at this point.
Dave Styblo  Jefferies: Okay. As a follow up to that, just wondering a little bit more about the second quarter, how that compared to your internal expectations and if you can help us reconcile. Obviously, the beat was  the 2Q earnings was well above consensus. Curious how that reconciles with EPS for the full year remaining the same. I know you guys called out a few different items moving back and forth between investments, but if you guys just help us understand. If the Street was just not properly modeling the second quarter or if there was additional expenses kind of being lumped in that took out some of the 2Q outperformance.
Jon Rubin: Well, I mean first of all, Dave, we dont give quarterly guidance. So I cant specifically comment on any specific expectations from the quarter. But I will note that, quarter-by-quarter, there are always going to be puts and takes that impact the results and make the quarter-to-quarter comparisons difficult when you look at things sequentially. I would, in answering your question on that and also commenting about the second half of the year, note a couple of things that are important. One being that, we did in the first half of the year, both in the first and second quarter, have a number of issues that Id characterize as non-recurring or being out-of-period. And these issues include prior year development and other things weve noted in the call including some contractual settlements and retrospective care adjustments. Order of magnitude for the first half of the year, those amount to about $20 million in total. So thats one thing to consider. The other thing that weve talked about is our model at this point still assumes that the Maricopa County Behavioral Health contract will transition away on October 1st. And as I noted in the first quarter call, the impact of that, including projecting expected severance level is approximately $19 million. So those are some of the items Id consider as youre sort of reflecting on the results and guidance.
Dave Styblo  Jefferies: Okay. Thanks guys.
Barry Smith: Great. Thanks, Dave.
Operator: Our next question comes from Carl McDonald of Citigroup. Go ahead, sir. Your line is open.
Carl McDonald  Citigroup: Great, thank you. First question is just clarification. Barry, in your comments on the Ohio Behavioral Health Medical Homes, you talked about $30 million in potential 14 revenue. And then, Jon, I think when you were talking about Iowa you mentioned $100 million incremental revenue numbers. So if you could just straighten me out on what those were.
Barry Smith: Yeah, that was the Iowa program, not Ohio, but to Jon.
Carl McDonald  Citigroup: Sorry.
Jon Rubin: Yes. Really, Carl, so there are two separate initiatives that we commented on. The first was what Barry commented on, which is the integrated behavioral health-led home initiative, and that was around $30 million in annualized revenue. The $100 million includes that plus an additional program that manages services for members who need support for daily living, so home-based services, which is the incremental amount. So the two of those add to the $100 million.
Barry Smith: Its a significant contract expansion and so we couldnt be more delighted with that. But importantly, it demonstrates the same operating capabilities as we now or now are demonstrating in Florida and yet in other states. So its an exciting expansion for us.
Carl McDonald  Citigroup: Okay. Then more of a big picture question in case youre interested in going there. In the press release, you talked about positioning the company for continued growth. Assuming the Maricopa situation doesnt change. Do you see any scenario where you could grow EBITDA in 2014 or would the right way to think about next year, be it with the two big contract losses or the EBITDA will be down to some extent?
Jon Rubin: Carl, its Jon. At this point, were not prepared to talk in any specifics or even directionally about 2014. Well certainly do that as we always do on the October call to give some directional color. So at this point, I wouldnt comment beyond just saying weve highlighted what we know at this point about 2014 both in terms of some of the areas of growth like what we just talked about in Iowa and have talked about losses. But well get more specific as we go to next quarters call.
Carl McDonald  Citigroup: Okay, thank you.
Barry Smith: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Raskin of Barclays. Go ahead, sir. Your line is open.
Josh Raskin  Barclays Capital: Hi, thanks. Good morning guys. First question is just on the MCC plan down in Florida. You got started enrolling in Broward, I know, in June. First question is this, what sort of membership base did you start off with and how do we think about the ramp-up in membership there?
Barry Smith: Thanks, Josh, and good morning. Were starting off in Florida with a very small base and well grow into it incrementally. We likely wont see a lot of traction until 2014. But it was important to get that start because it allows us to participate in the ITM process and hopefully receive a good result later this year in that, to start those specialty plans for next year. So again, starting out very minimally, but growing and its performing almost exactly as we anticipated it would at the beginning here.
Josh Raskin  Barclays Capital: Okay. And I know youre saying minimal. But obviously, theres huge revenue per member per month and, obviously, per member per year. So would you think about 1,000 lives as sort of success before we turn the calendar page or how do we even put sort of a parameter around that?
Barry Smith: Yes. Well, we havent really indicated what we believe the growth will be through the end of the year. For these initial lives, we do have  theyre largely TANF lives to start with. So the revenues wont be material through this year. We would expect to see a significant ramp-up in 2014. But again, we havent indicated our given guidance on that growth or the revenues for this year.
Josh Raskin  Barclays Capital: Okay. And you said performing largely in line. Does that just mean in terms of contracting and building out or have you actually processed a couple of claims and see sort of the early week or two mainly on pharmacy or something like that thats giving an indication that even costs are in line with what you saw?
Barry Smith: Yes, Josh. All of the above. We had to go through the entire build out of virtually every aspect of a health plan to get to the licensee procedure, including all the ACA reviews, ACA 1 and ACA 2. That required us  those were all required to be able to take our first enrollees, which weve done. And weve already started to process claims and do all the things the health plan would do to manage utilization and to process claim. So we do have that data now and were beginning to build that, which is just great experience as were going through the ITM process there in Florida and get ready to launch in a pretty significant way in 2014. So, yes, all of the above.
Josh Raskin  Barclays Capital: And then just a separate question on the Massachusetts experience. Obviously you guys had to walk away due to inadequate rates. Maybe just a two-part around that, is one, does that change the way you prepare for other state opportunities, i.e. are you going to do more diligence around providers and negotiations, et cetera, first up? And two, what was the states reaction when you came to ask them and said, "Hey, look, we thought we could build a network at a cost of X, but its really going to be a cost of Y"? I mean, clearly, their end result was, were still going to pay you for X. But Im just curious, was there any negotiating sort of at the end there when you let Massachusetts know what your cost for coming in at?
Barry Smith: Let me answer that last part of the question first, Josh. I think that, number one the rates were a combination of both the state Medicaid program and CMS. And both clearly have a strong desire to see the program be successful. And we are going to face with both the state officials as well as with CMS and we get extensive discussions. Were all very positive and I think we all wanted to see the same positive result. The reality is, and again, its different from state to state, youve seen one state, youve seen one state, is that the provider network contracting environment was simply  turned out not to be very positive in the state of Massachusetts. I think that with the expertise of Fallon Total Care or the Fallon Community Health Plans, Hughes is the CEO there, has become and good friend. These are good high quality players who know the state well. We went into the joint venture with Fallon because they understand the state and understand the nature of those networks. Early on, I think with these duals programs its challenging to understand the ultimate result. I think that in the state of Massachusetts, we were asked, as well as all the other entities that were bidding, to provide the network prior to having the finalized rates. So I think it put people in kind of a difficult situation of committing to a program or not fully committing to a program, but indicating the network prior to having really the clout of having a finalized rate to negotiate against. So in this particular case, a number of those who won the right to participate in each of these counties have dropped out of the program because theyve seen similar network challenges as we did with Fallon. And these are very significant healthcare knowledgeable managed care entities in the state of Massachusetts. So I think that the net result here is that, going forward, I dont know that we wouldve done anything differently knowing what we know today, simply because it was not knowable until we went through that process. Other states, therell be some challenges in other states, not necessarily that were participating in. But I think there might be some challenges in California and in other states, maybe in Illinois that will be similar in terms of the network challenge. Where theyll end up we dont know. But its a game of chicken when it comes right down to it with the network providers and the rates that are established. So will CMS put more pressure on some of the provider networks, will that be effective? We just dont know. But it will be an interesting thing to see play out.
Josh Raskin  Barclays Capital: Barry, on that point, are you recommending to new state partners that maybe they publish final rates before all contract negotiations, et cetera, in state or do  I mean, it sounds like that would be a helpful tool for you to go to the providers and say, "Hey, look, heres what the rates were assuming," right? Is that something that you see more important?
Barry Smith: Yes. That guidance would certainly be very, very helpful to us. And the project reality is typically youll build out a network with a proviso that you can go back to the network when you receive the final rates to renegotiate, to fine-tune those rates to make sure there are the proper economics in place to be successful over the long term.
Jon Rubin: The other thing Carl that Id add is that  Im sorry, Josh, that Id add is that with the benefit of having gone through the process with Massachusetts particularly with CMS, our actuaries have a much better understanding now of how the CMS rating process works, which is pretty predictable as we go forward. So I think that will help us a lot to make those up for an assessment as well.
Josh Raskin  Barclays Capital: Right. Okay, very helpful, thanks guys.
Barry Smith: Great. Thanks, Josh. Our next question comes from Ana Gupte of Dowling & Partners. Go ahead, your line is open.
Ana Gupte  Dowling & Partners: Yes, thanks, good morning. So just following up on the last question again. It sounds like a piece of it was the network rates you were getting in Massachusetts, a piece of it was the overall actuary or the soundness of the rate against that network. What was sort of the margin implication of what netted out in Massachusetts and what are your target margins in the initial phase and then in steady state for the complete care type business?
Jon Rubin: Hi, Ana, its Jon. First in terms of margins. I mean, it is going to differ by state in many cases that we approach, Medicaid, and they all have their own nuances. But as weve talked about before, were largely talking mid-single digits in terms of profit. Relative to Massachusetts, there is always a range because these are new programs. But our projections were that we couldnt get it to a profitable position over the three-year period. So obviously, that means there was a gap, at least, in that mid-single digit range.
Ana Gupte  Dowling & Partners: Okay, so its still a positive contribution margin though, but not in your mid-single? Is that how I should read that?
Jon Rubin: No, Im saying, Im sort of an all-in basis. We werent able to get it to a profitable position. So, no, there was not a positive outlook.
Ana Gupte  Dowling & Partners: And then in Florida for the SMI, how is that looking, how is that shaping up to you, you think?
Barry Smith: Florida looks significantly different from two perspectives. Number one, there isnt the kind of provider density in terms of negotiating power. Its far more diverse in Florida. And we already have relationships clearly on the BH side in Florida, and it built out very successfully the provider network. So were in a fundamentally different position, I think, in Florida from those two perspectives. We are working through the provider, the ITM. And so, we would anticipate the rates to be based upon the unique care characteristics of that SMI population. Thus far, from what weve seen in Florida, our expectations of network performance are right in line. And so, again, our experience is still very limited because were just schooling up the enrollee base, but weve seen no surprises in Florida thus far. So we wouldnt expect similar circumstances weve seen in Massachusetts, although we dont have the final rates for the ITM for the final special needs population established yet.
Ana Gupte  Dowling & Partners: Got it, thanks. Just switching then to the Maricopa, understood that August 12 is someone uncertain. Could you give us any color on what factors might swing the decision one way or the other? And lets just say it does not go your way and stay is vacated, what recourse do you have going forward then? Is that something youre just going to use delay tactics for a while?
Barry Smith: Well, our arguments have remained the same at the very beginning. We believe very strongly that the entity that was awarded the contract is not qualified legally since they have an [inaudible] there. One of the sponsors of that plan that won is actually a provider of care and that is not legally  was not legally permitted in the RFP process. The process was changed during the RFP time and they also didnt adhere to the requirement to be licensed as an HMO by the date specified in the RFP. There are numerous issues there legally that we feel are very valid today and we remain as enthusiastic as we were from the very start about the basis for our protest. In terms of the process, again, we have the hearing set for August the 12th. Were busily preparing for that important date. Again, we have no understanding of what will result yet until we go through that process. But let me just take you through the process here that might give some additional light. Well have that hearing on the August 12th. This is with an independent administrative judge by the Department of Administration. So we believe it will be a fairly  we hope that it will be a fairly unbiased judgment of the protest arguments. If for whatever reason that does not go our way, we do have another opportunity to go to appeals, to the Superior Court of Arizona, in Arizona there and go through the same argument process with those folks. Then if the superior court denies the protest, we then have the right to appeal to the Arizona Supreme Court. And given our argument and the strengths of our arguments, were prepared to go all the way to the Supreme Court if required because we believe that we should have won that award. There is also an issue of ongoing bias in favor of the winning bidder and that goes through both the process, as well as these legal arguments and scoring errors in the RFP evaluation. We believe that we are on very strong and solid ground. But again, we wont know the result until we go through the process. So hopefully thats helpful, Ana.
Ana Gupte  Dowling & Partners: Yes, thats helpful. Thanks. So it sounds like youre pretty optimistic and then you do have the process of appeal all the way to Supreme Court. So you sound like you could even run through the duration of the contract. Is that fair 
Barry Smith: Well, no, no. I dont mean to indicate that. We really have no  we express no sentiment whatsoever, positive or negative. We simply believe our arguments are very sound and were hopeful that were going to win in this process, but we really dont know. So we dont want to convey optimism nor negativity. We just dont know at this point.
Ana Gupte  Dowling & Partners: Okay. Well, thank you. Appreciate it.
Barry Smith: You bet. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Fidel of Deutsche Bank. Go ahead. Your line is open.
Scott Fidel  Deutsche Bank: Thanks. First question. Just wanted to ask about how youre thinking about potential exchange driven enrolment in 2014, particularly relative to a number of your Blues customer and given that the Blues are going more aggressively into the exchanges. And then, how are you thinking about sort of pricing with the Blues customers with those commercial customers for 2014, just given the potential that we could see some higher utilization amongst the new enrollees into the exchanges? Sort of similar to what you saw with some of those young adults that came on to the parents plans, aged under 26, initially, earlier last year.
Barry Smith: Sure. We are working very closely with our Big Blues clients, in particular, all of our health plan clients, to engineer the proper product and levels of product given the various middle plans. One of our big clients as you know is Blue Shield with California and weve had a team working extensively with Blue Shield, and we believe that theyre going to be very successful on that, the individual and small group product, exchange product they have. In terms of the underwriting and kind of risk assessment, we do have also our underwriting team very actively engaged with them to make sure that its priced properly given the anticipated utilization. The product, interestingly, will evolve we believe overtime to be more automated, deliver very high value dependent upon the level, the middle plan level. So again, a lot of extensive work has got into this. Clearly, over the next year, when we see the activity level in the exchanges, that product will likely continue to evolve and it will evolve pricing as we have the experience. But we feel quite comfortable and confident in what we put forward with Shield and others in terms of both pricing experience and product desirability in the market.
Scott Fidel  Deutsche Bank: Okay. So the bottom line is youre definitely thinking about some of those initial utilization patterns as youre rating those products for the first year.
Barry Smith: Absolutely, absolutely. And clearly, its going to be different from area to area, but you raised a good point. Were watching it very closely.
Scott Fidel  Deutsche Bank: Okay. I just wanted to ask a second question just on the Radiology segment. And the margins there just continue to defy gravity even after you had repriced some of that business last year. And just if you can talk about some of the factors that are driving such favorable results and how is this affecting renewal pricing at this point just given that you continue to way exceed your long-term margin target in the Radiology Benefits Management business?
Jon Rubin: Yes, Scott, its Jon. I mentioned a couple things. One is youre correct. The trends in Radiology as we outlined last quarter have continued to run favorable even to our internal expectations. And I dont know if Id say its gravity-defying, but certainly theyre saying. As you think about the drivers of that, its really been twofold and both have worked to our advantage. One, weve seen the presentations, meaning the utilization or request for services continue to be low. Its upticked a little bit, but still has been low. In addition though, our team has been working over the last couple years to improve the effectiveness of our care management processes and we measure that by clinical yield, meaning, how much impact do we have on the request that come in. And that has actually trended very favorably as a result of the great work that the radiology team has initiated. So both of those have worked to our advantages as we move forward. As we talked about or as I talked about a little earlier, we still are pricing at the same level in terms of trends based on our forward-looking view. Were serving at 3% to 5% range for our trend as we look forward. And while we do anticipate that the trends will come back to a more normalized levels going forward, as we pointed out, they have not yet, and we continue to see the favorability.
Scott Fidel  Deutsche Bank: Okay. And I just have one last question. And just thinking about the potential here for interest rates to start rising from the historically low levels over the next couple of years, and just the current capital structure, dynamic. Just interested in your thinking about, have you considered being more opportunistic around the capital structure just given the continued favorable interest environment and that may not continue for that much longer? Or would you think about adding that onto the balance sheet being more  having a prerequisite first of having visible M&A or something like that before youd want to take that type of approach? Thanks.
Jon Rubin: Scott, a couple things, just following on to your question. One being, if you recall, we did extend our credit facility over the past year, really, to give us the flexibility and take advantage of the favorable interest rate environment. So thats one. Two, we absolutely will factor in the interest rates and availability of funds as we think about our capital decisions going forward. At the same time today, we really wanted to reserve our debt capacity to give us the financial flexibility that we think well need with the opportunities we have ahead, to invest in growth and potentially to pursue acquisition. So thats been our strategy and were maintaining it.
Scott Fidel  Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our last question comes from Michael Baker of Raymond James. Go ahead, sir. Your line is open.
Michael Baker  Raymond James: Thanks a lot. Looks like theres been some pickup in PBM M&A activity. I was wondering if youve seen any impacts on pricing or timing relative to your plans there.
Barry Smith: Yes. We are as focused as ever on the acquisition front in the PBM world. There has been some recent action. Were following those things closely. There was a recent announcing of Envision with TPG. We believe that it is a segment that is still very, very attractive and we remain very optimistic. We believe that with both capital structure and with our internal expertise, we are uniquely positioned to look at these acquisitions and have them be synergistic as we acquire them. And so, were in active discussions and will remain so in this arena. So were enthusiastic about it. Its full throttle forward.
Michael Baker  Raymond James: And then in terms of your communications with the PBM consultant community, which points of differentiation are you highlighting?
Barry Smith: The real difference between the traditional PBM market and what we have to offer is far more in-depth, sophisticated clinical content and interfaced with both the patient and with the prescriber. Historically, the PBM world is operated kind of in a vacuum with great operating systems and great capabilities, but unless you interface directly with a provider and with a patient in a very meaningful way, particularly for these very high cost medications that are in the specialty world, you really cant have the best possible impact. And so when we talk about Magellan Total Drug Solutions, were talking about being able to manage the cost of a drug no matter if it had been historically in the medical claims spin or in the PBM world, no matter where that individual received that medication, either in the physicians office or through their home. And we also interface very closely with the plan sponsors to aggregate their medical data so that we can more easily evaluate the clinical appropriateness of the medication for the individual. We also, from a cost standpoint, dont just look at the unit cost of a drug by itself. We consider the rebate potential, the ability to shift within a therapeutic class, along with the appropriateness in a therapeutic class of drug, as well as unit cost. So its a combination of very sophisticated protocols for unit cost including rebate and other economic incentives, appropriateness from a therapeutic standpoint, but also appropriateness from a distribution channel. Whats the best channel to get that drug? Were agnostic, whether its mail service or through the network, chain store network, an independent network.
Michael Baker  Raymond James: And do the consultants at this point seem willing to adjust their scoring mechanisms to give credit for that different approach?
Barry Smith: Yes. The consultants that weve interfaced with  and were expanding that even as we speak by hiring new folks who focus on the consultant/broker market, we think theyre critical in selling to employers and somehow plans. And so they do seem to be very receptive to that message. Its fundamentally a different kind of product that they have seen historically. So again, I wouldnt say that weve got massive exposure yet, were just building up that sales force to be able to tell our story more effectively.
Michael Baker  Raymond James: Thanks for the update.
Barry Smith: You bet. Thanks, Michael. Well, wed like to thank you today for your participation in todays conference call. We look forward to speak with you in October when we discuss our third quarter 2013 results. Take care. Bye-bye.
Operator: This concludes todays conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-23 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Edmund E. Kroll - Senior Vice President of Finance & Investor Relations Michael F. Neidorff - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President William N. Scheffel - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer K. Rone Baldwin - Executive Vice President of Insurance Group Business Unit Mary V. Mason - Chief Medical Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division David A. Styblo - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Scott J. Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Thomas A. Carroll - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Carl R. McDonald - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Brian Wright - Monness, Crespi, Hardt & Co., Inc., Research Division Brian Wright
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Centene Corporation's First Quarter 2013 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Edmund Kroll, Senior Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Edmund E. Kroll: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on today's call. Michael Neidorff, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Bill Scheffel, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Centene, will host this morning's call. The call is expected to last about 45 minutes, and may also be accessed through our website at centene.com. A replay of the call will be available shortly after the completion of the call, also at our website, at centene.com or by dialing (877) 344-7529 in the U.S. and Canada or in other countries by dialing (412) 317-0088. The playback number for both of the call -- call-ins, is 10026527. Any remarks that Centene may make about future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provision under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in Centene's most recently form -- filed Form 10-Q, dated today, April 23, 2013, and other public SEC filings. Centene anticipates that subsequent events and developments will cause its estimates to change. While the company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. As a reminder, our next Investor Day is Monday, June 17, 2013, in New York City. Please mark your calendars for that. And also, later this morning, at 10:00 a.m. Central Time, we'll have a webcast of Centene's annual shareholders meeting available, and you can access that link at centene.com in the Investors section of our website. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Michael Neidorff. Michael?
Michael F. Neidorff: Thank you, Ed. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining Centene's first quarter 2013 earnings call. During the course of today's call, we will discuss our strong first quarter results, our growth opportunities, including the implementation of the Affordable Care Act, ACA, and Centene's business environment. I will then turn the call over to Bill Scheffel, who will provide further detail on the quarter's financial results. First, a few comments on the quarter's results. Premium and Service revenues increased 53% year-over-year to $2.5 billion. The health benefits ratio improved 90 basis points sequentially to 90.4%. Please note the new business HBR improved 260 basis points sequentially to 94.1%. Flu cost in the first quarter of 2013 were $0.20 higher than in the first quarter of 2012. This was consistent with our expectations. Flu cost moderated in February and March after peaking in January. During the quarter, we experienced a slight reduction in medical trends across our existing business. This included inpatient, premature births and certain outpatient costs. The HBR in Hidalgo showed some limited improvement sequentially, as our medical management efforts gained traction. At the same time, we feel it is too early to conclude that the lower utilization experienced in the first quarter will continue throughout the balance of the year. Thus, we are maintaining our full year 2013 medical trend estimates at the previous level. The G&A ratio improved 150 basis points year-over-year and 10 basis points sequentially to 8.3%. Importantly, the 8.3% includes a normal level of performance-based compensation. Membership increased 25% year-over-year to 2.7 million lives. Finally, cash flow from operations was just under 2x net earnings. We believe we are well-positioned to meet expectations for the balance of the year. In addition, we feel that we can achieve increased profitability in 2014 upon the commencement of the ACA. Our future pipeline remains extremely robust at roughly $250 billion through 2016. Approximately $100 billion of this is within our existing geographic footprint. We view the Medicaid expansion component of the ACA as a natural extension of our core business. While not every state will go through with the expansion, we estimate that there is approximately $20 billion opportunity across our existing markets. Centene's experience with high-acuity populations support our ability to compete for the $30 billion dual eligible opportunity within our existing markets. The exchange market represents the largest growth opportunity for Centene over the next several years, estimated at $52 billion in our existing markets. Our unique experience with hybrid gives us a competitive advantage. Centene will be selective when executing the initial exchange strategy. We will focus on providing coverage at the low-income level in a subset of the existing states. Now onto the industry tax. We continue to believe appropriate congressional action will exempt Medicaid from this tax plan. However, we are engaged in constructive discussions with our state customers to include the tax in our rates, should Congress fail to intervene. Now on for state updates. Kentucky. We still anticipate exiting Kentucky in July. Our best judgment is that the premium deficiency reserve currently on our balance sheet is adequate to cover our remaining tenure in Kentucky. In March, we exhausted our administrative appeals, clearing the way for us to pursue our legal actions. These include the declaratory judgment action on the issues of our right to terminate the contract and the measure of liquidated damages, if any. The court has issued a scheduling order, setting a hearing in May. We recently filed a separate lawsuit in Franklin County Court, seeking damages against the Commonwealth for the losses we sustained. Please note that given these matters on litigation, we will comment no further on them. Texas. The Texas Legislature has completed the necessary steps for supplemental funding of the Medicaid program. The funding is under review by regulatory bodies, including CMS. The amounts are consistent with the assumptions in our previous guidance. The appropriate contract amendment should be finalized in the second quarter. The rate relief currently being processed is intended for deficiencies in the Rural Service Area. We also continue to work with the state in evaluating overall rate adequacy for the regular September 1 rate adjustment. Kansas. We commenced operations in Kansas on January 1. We ended the quarter with just under 134,000 members. We anticipate membership to moderate by 5% to 10% over the course of the second quarter. We also expected to remain at that level going forward. New Hampshire. We continue to work with the state on initiating the managed care program. The timing will depend on the status of the ongoing regulatory approvals and resolution of litigation between the states and hospitals. I would now like to discuss upcoming contract commencements. Ohio. Our success of the procurement in statewide expansion in Ohio takes effect July of 2013. In addition, the Ohio dual eligible program is set to commence in September, and we will operate in 3 regions. We anticipate ending the year with just over 200,000 total lives in Ohio. Illinois. We are -- we were selected to serve dual eligible members in the Greater Chicago area. We are still engaged in discussions with the state on implementation activities, including the start date. California. We were recently notified by the state of its intent to award Centene a Medi-Cal contract for recipients in California's rural expansion program. We expect this program to begin in the second half of 2013. This is an important win for Centene, as it positions us for future opportunities in the largest Medicaid program in the country. Massachusetts. Last month, Centurion was notified that it had been awarded a contract to provide correctional health care services in the state. Centurion is a joint venture between Centene and MHM Services, a national leader in providing health care services to correctional systems. Operations are expected to commence in the third quarter of 2013. Florida. Centene was recommended for a contract in 10 out of the 11 regions in Florida's Medicaid long-term care program. Enrollment is set to roll out by region, beginning in August of 2013 to March of 2014. Switching to the M&A front. We closed our acquisition of AcariaHealth, a comprehensive specialty pharma company on April 1. The acquisition is consistent with Centene's strategy of expanding the breadth of our specialty company offerings. Specialty pharmacy is an important and growing category within overall health care spending. It is especially important to Centene, given the growth of our high acuity membership. In closing, our view of 2013 remains positive and we are maintaining our full year 2013 earnings guidance. As Bill will discuss, we have updated our guidance to reflect new contract wins and the closing of the Acaria acquisition. The new guidance also includes costs associated with each of these items, which were not reflected in our prior guidance. We look forward to updating you on our June 17 Investor Meeting in New York. I will now turn the call over to Bill.
William N. Scheffel: Thank you Michael, and good morning. For the first quarter of 2013, Premium and Service revenues were $2.5 billion, representing a 53% increase over last year's level of almost $1.7 billion. This increase of approximately $880 million results from the addition of 3 new states: Missouri, Washington and Kansas, and from a full 3 months of revenue related to the 2012 expansions in Louisiana, Mississippi and Texas. As noted in our press release, our revenue from new business, with less than a full 12 months of operations, amounted to 35% of Premium and Service revenues in 2013 compared to 20% in 2012. Our consolidated health benefits ratio for 2013 was 90.4% compared to 88.2% in 2012. The increase in our health benefits ratio between years is primarily caused by the higher level of new business, which has a higher HBR than our existing business. For Q1 this year, our HBR for new business was 94.1% compared to 88.4% for our existing business. Last year, our HBR for new business was 90.7% and 87.6% for our existing business. Our 2013 results include the pharmacy carve-ins in Louisiana, beginning November 2012, and in Texas, beginning March 2012. It is important to remember that pharmacy has a higher HBR than our overall HBR, causing the consolidated loss ratio to increase when we add additional pharmacy business. Also, during the first quarter this year, we incurred approximately $27 million of flu cost versus $8 million in the first quarter of 2012. Over half of the quarter's flu cost were incurred in January, and as anticipated, significant declines were seen in February and March. We estimate that higher flu cost this year accounted for a 60 basis point increase in our consolidated HBR compared to last year and decreased earnings per share by $0.20. Sequentially, the consolidated HBR decreased from 91.3% to 90.4%. The decrease is due to the additional cost recognized in Q4 related to the Kentucky premium deficiency reserve and lower medical cost in Q1 across several of our markets. Both the fourth quarter of 2012 and the first quarter of 2013 had a high level of flu cost. Our general and administrative expense ratio was 8.3% in Q1 this year compared to 9.8% last year and 8.4% in Q4. We continue to benefit from the increased leverage resulting from our revenue growth. We spent approximately $0.09 in business expansion cost in Q1 of this year compared to $0.15 last year, and incurred additional performance-based compensation cost this year, including both cash and equity-based awards of $0.14 per share compared to last year. Investment income decreased from $5.3 million to $4.5 million between years, reflecting the lower level of returns on new investments and reinvestments. Interest expense increased from $4.8 million last year to $6.6 million this year as a result of the $175 million of senior notes issued in the fourth quarter last year. Excluding the amounts attributable to noncontrolling interest, our income tax rate was 39.5% in 2013 compared to 33.5% in 2012. The 2012 rate was favorably impacted by lower state taxes and the favorable tax impact from the exercise of incentive stock options. Our diluted earnings per share for the quarter was $0.42 compared to $0.45 last year. Diluted shares outstanding were $54.3 million this year versus $53.5 million in 2012. At quarter end, we had cash, investments and restricted deposits of $1.7 billion, including $45 million held by unregulated entities. We continue to maintain our risk-based capital in excess of 350% of the authorized control level, excluding our Kentucky Health Plan, where we are maintaining the state's minimum level. At quarter end, our total debt was $533 million and our debt-to-capital ratio, excluding our $75 million nonrecourse mortgage note, was 31.9%, which is a decrease from 32.7% at year end. We had no borrowings on our $350 million revolver at March 31. And last month, Standard & Poor's affirmed their rating on Centene of BB and revised the outlook to stable from negative. Our medical claims liability totaled almost $1.1 billion at March 31 and represented 42.4 days in claims payable, which is an increase of 1.3 days from year end. In the press release, we presented the roll forward of our medical claims liability for the last 12 months. That analysis shows positive prior period development related to the March 31, 2012 reserve balance of $2 million, $14 million, excluding the impact of the Kentucky retroactive claims. This is lower than we normally experienced, and is impacted by additional claims incurred in the Texas expansion areas and for Celtic. This was a unique situation in our prior period reserve development for the June 30, 2012, September 30, 2012, and December 31, 2012 periods, have all developed more consistent with historical amounts and each are in excess of $40 million of positive development at this point. First quarter cash flow from operations was $43 million, which is 1.9x net earnings for the quarter. And on the 1st of April, we closed on the purchase of AcariaHealth. The cost of the acquisition was approximately $146 million, and was funded by cash on hand of $55 million and the issuance of approximately 2.1 million shares of common stock. Excluding transaction cost of approximately $0.06 a share, we anticipate the acquisition will be neutral to 2013 earnings. Our 2013 guidance numbers have been updated to include the Acaria acquisition and the RFP awards thus far in 2013, including Florida long-term care, California, Arizona acute care, and Centurion in Massachusetts. We expect Premium and Service revenues of $10.1 billion to $10.4 billion, diluted earnings per share of $2.60 to $2.90, our consolidated HBR of 88.0% to 89.0%, and a G&A ratio of 8.8% to 9.3%, our effective tax rate, 40% to 41%, and the diluted shares outstanding increase to 56.0 to 56.5 million shares. These numbers are our GAAP estimates and include the Acaria transaction cost. Our current estimate of business expansion cost for 2013, which includes startup cost for Florida, California and Massachusetts and also the Acaria transaction cost, is $0.58 to $0.65 per share. Operator, you may now open up the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question will come from Josh Raskin of Barclays.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Question on the Texas rate increases that you guys talked about, it sounded like you got legislative approval, et cetera, and just looking for CMS sign off. Should I assume, therefore, that they were not, in your opinion, completely finalized and therefore there was no retroactive impact? It looked like in your 10-Q, the exhibits pointed to a March 1 retroactive date, but did you include any of that in the quarter?
Michael F. Neidorff: Bill, go ahead.
William N. Scheffel: In Texas, it's still going through the process for the rate approval, and so we expect that to be finalized in May. The amendment that was filed, really, was related to other items in the contract, nothing really to do with rates, and so there was no rate impact, no rate increase included in the first quarter from what is being considered today. We received the rate increase September 1, and that's been in there for fully -- for the fourth quarter and the first quarter.
Michael F. Neidorff: And Josh, as I was going through this whole process, it's prudent just to not talk a lot about it.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, that's fair. And you guys will have an update in May, it sounds like?
Michael F. Neidorff: Yes, we will.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And I assume you guys have in your guidance that the preliminary rates that you've seen are going to be trended forward, right? I mean, I assume that's at least baked in.
William N. Scheffel: I think it's fair to say that our guidance numbers all along that we provided in December and February and today have all assumed certain rate adjustments in Texas, and that's proceeding consistent with the guidance that we've previously provided.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then just on Acaria, I'm just curious, how is that going to flow through from an income statement perspective? Is that considered fee revenue or were some of that in premiums? Or how should we think about that? And then just a slight nip, but the share count's up 1.2 million to 1.3 million even if I adjust the 2 million shares for an April close. I would have assumed that would have been up a little bit more. Were there some buyback or some change in share count other than that?
William N. Scheffel: Well, with Acaria, there's no results of operations for that until starting in the second quarter, right, beginning April 1, and that will be considered primarily service revenue, not premium revenue, when it is recorded. So the shares were not issued at March 31, were not outstanding and were not included in our numbers at March 31 or any of the reported results. They are included, the estimated impact of having those shares outstanding for 3 quarters of the year, in our guidance number for the use of shares outstanding for purposes of calculating earnings per share.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Yes, I know. That's what I was talking about. I would assume 2 million shares at 9 months is 1.5 million shares. It seems like the share count what not as much so was there some buybacks or something else in there that...
Michael F. Neidorff: No buybacks.
William N. Scheffel: There are certain share activity that occurs primarily from the exercise of options or from the vesting of stock awards that occur, and so that's -- we don't have any unusual activity other than the stock award activity.
Michael F. Neidorff: And I'll remind you, 40% of the purchase price was cash, with 60% -- approximately 60% in stock.
Joshua R. Raskin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Right. And I guess, more importantly, it sounds like revenues are a little bit higher; MLR, unchanged; G&A, a little bit better, and then the offset from the share count, I guess, with Acaria. I think you mentioned the startup cost around Acaria making it sort of neutral. So would you say in terms of the actual guidance, that $2.60 to $2.90, would you think that within the range, you'd be trending a little bit better than you were previously just based on the components of guidance?
Michael F. Neidorff: Well, I guess, what we said is we saw some improvement in trend, modest small improvement in Q1, but it's probably really prudent to not anticipate that continuing, and so we're going to stay pretty much with that guidance of $2.60 to $2.90, Josh, and let it play out another quarter or so.
Operator: Our next question will come from Peter Costa of Wells Fargo Securities.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Question on the -- just first, could you clarify a little bit more about the prior period unfavorable development for Celtic in Texas, exactly what caused that, and expand that a little bit better for me, if you would?
Michael F. Neidorff: I think what I said, Peter, was that we gave in our press release the roll forward of the claims liability reserve as of March 31, 2012. At that point in time, the Texas expansion only had 1 month of results in there. And so what we've seen since that point in time is that the prior period development, let's say, excluding the retroactive claims in Kentucky, which kind of changes things a little bit, was only $14 million. Normally, we would see $40 million, $50 million that would occur a year later. So the positive development that we have is less than what we normally incur and see. And so -- but as you recall, in June of last year, we did record additional reserves for a number of things and pulled down our guidance for all of 2012. And what we're saying is when we now look at the hindsight analysis with respect to the reserves for June, September and December, they're all developing normally compared to our experience that we've historically seen, and the amount of positive development is in excess of $40 million for each of those 3 periods.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Got it. Okay, and then can you talk about how your contracting is going for the exchange membership that you're expecting to get? You laid that out as one of the bigger opportunities, going forward, at $52 billion in your markets. Can you talk about how your contracting is going on with the hospitals there in terms of rate?
Michael F. Neidorff: I think it's going well. Maybe, Rone, you want to make a comment on it?
K. Rone Baldwin: Yes, as Michael mentioned, we do expect to be on the exchanges in a subset of the places where we have Health Plans today. And we're entering into contracts with hospitals in line with the kind of the expectations that we set in terms of reimbursement rates, and I don't think it's appropriate to go into a lot of details about the specifics of it, but we're pleased with where we're landing in line with our expectations in terms of the contracts.
Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And so are those rates relatively close to your Medicaid rates with these hospitals or are they closer to where commercial rates would normally be?
K. Rone Baldwin: Well, again, I don't think it's appropriate to go into a lot of detail, but we're landing at what we think is good rates with respect to where we're ending up on reimbursement rates with -- and it's certainly not exactly at Medicaid rates, but I wouldn't say it's exactly commercial rates either. So I think we're pleased with where we're ending up.
Operator: The next question will come from Chris Rigg of Susquehanna.
Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: I just wanted to come back to the G&A ratio in the quarter. It was about 8.3%, and then for the rest of the year, it looks like you're expecting a big step-up. Can you just sort of help us understand what's driving the big step-up in the latter 3 quarters of the year? And was there anything that was delayed in the first quarter that you had been expecting and that's causing the sort of seasonal shift?
Michael F. Neidorff: No, there was nothing delayed. We have the new businesses that are being brought up in the second, third quarter. Bill, you want to add something there?
William N. Scheffel: Well, I think the primary changes you're going to see, beginning April 1, is the addition of Acaria, and so they will have a different level of G&A cost in that business than we have for the rest of our mix, so that's certainly one aspect that causes that. And then with respect to business expansion cost, I think we said we had $0.09 in Q1, but 58 to 65 in the rest of the year. So that will cause there to be a higher level of that in the remaining 3 quarters of the year. So I think those are the primary drivers of the increase in our G&A ratio for the whole year versus where we were for Q1.
Michael F. Neidorff: And closing cost.
William N. Scheffel: And closing cost for Acaria of $0.06 also get recorded in second quarter, which is the remainder of the year.
Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay, and then just to follow-up on Peter's question a little bit on the reserve development. I know you gave the roll forward. I just to make sure I -- can you help us understand what the development was in the first quarter if we just sort of isolated it to one period?
William N. Scheffel: We don't really try to do that on a quarter-by-quarter analysis in the current period. I think what we're saying is that the reserves were lower in terms of the amount of prior period development in March 31, 2012. But the actions that we're taking in the second quarter of 2012 seem to have taken effect so that we're already showing positive development on the June 30 numbers of over $40 million. So I think that issue related back to that period of time when we were just starting up in Texas and a few issues in Celtic, which hadn't risen to the surface, really, at that point either.
Michael F. Neidorff: I think, what's important in the technique gives you a good view of what occurred at that period of 12 months before in that quarter, and it said that we're adequately reserved, but we did not have the excess. It also shows that the action we took in the second quarter was appropriate, and it's built up and it's where it should be. So it's really just a way that we test ourselves, and you need to look at and say, "Yes, they were -- they continue to be adequately reserved historically, and it becomes a pretty good metric for you to take a look at in that regard."
Christian Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay. And then just one last question, and I'm not sure what you think [ph] about it, but when I look at the latest disclosures on Kentucky in the 10-Q compared to what's there in the fourth quarter with the 10-K, I guess I just want to -- what if the declaratory relief is not granted next month? [indiscernible] to operate the contract through the end?
Michael F. Neidorff: Let's recognize with litigation, there's nothing to be gained by saying what we'll do or not do. We will be in front of the judge. We'll see what he says. We'll see what he's reasoning, and we'll work on it from there, but to say we're going to do this and that before -- I think if I was a judge, I wouldn't want to hear somebody standing in front of my bench saying that.
Operator: Our next question will come from Matt Borsch of Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Could you just elaborate a bit on the discussions that you're having with states on the industry fee and their willingness to include that in rates in the event that Congress does not take action?
Michael F. Neidorff: Yes, I think we saw Florida is going to add a line for it. Other states recognize the actuarial soundness. There's been a lot of press, watching it elsewhere, that it's going to cost the government about $15 billion because it's going to have to come back in the rates, and then the states will be billing that back to the federal government again. So it becomes very circular, and we anticipate that the states understand that if it's not changed that there's going to be that cost to the state, and hence, to the federal government when they bill it back. The states then goes -- all of them have written letters to their delegations in Congress and elsewhere, stating their stand with this issue, and we'll just continue to let it play out. Those have been in commercial, and we'll -- well, we are still cautiously optimistic that it will be resolved. And I guess I'll characterize we've not seen where -- legislatively, people tend to do things way ahead of when they have to. That's not a snide remark. That's just a realistic look at what to expect. They rather do the things right now that they can.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes, the real world. And on a different topic, the softer utilization trend that you alluded to in March, is there any further granularity you can give us on that? Did you see a decline in the hospital days year-over-year or births or outpatient visits? How did it manifest itself and is there anything you might attribute it to?
Michael F. Neidorff: Yes, I just think, as Bill had said, we saw some slight declines in inpatients. We saw the premature birth rate decline, but we also have healthy start for new baby, a lot of programs that may be taking hold, and we -- but I can't say it's going to continue in that, but some outpatient services were down. It was -- there were a lot of bits and pieces across the entire market in the various states, and that's about as granular as it will be safe to give without misleading, but I think there's a trend there that yet has to prove itself in another quarter or 2.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, got it. Last question, the Arizona contract loss, is -- have you done any back analysis to figure out where -- if there were metrics on which you could have done better or was it price rate based?
Michael F. Neidorff: Well, I think, anytime you're in that situation, even when you win, you always look back and say, "I could still have done even better." That's part of the mindset of the company. I mean, in rates, there are a lot of different factors. Arizona is clearly recognized for making a lot of changes, and you've seen them across even bigger changes than this. The fact that this went that direction, I could have found a lot of different little things and we're just -- we're doing that analysis. Our internal audit department has individuals who are charged with reviewing all our peer responses, and see where we could still further improve. So that's an ongoing process, Matt. .
Operator: The next question will come from Sarah James of Wedbush Securities.
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: I wanted to get a better understanding of what was impacting your new versus existing business MLR? So on the existing, I'm trying to come to a run rate. It's been pretty consistent, the last 6 months, 88.4, 88.5, but then that has excess flu cost, some positive development, and I'm not clear if you're putting Kentucky in the existing bucket by now, but maybe there'll be a step down when that contract ends. So can you talk a little bit about where run rate on existing business should be?
Michael F. Neidorff: Do you have some detail there?
William N. Scheffel: Yes, I think that the Kentucky business has been in more than 12 months so it's in the existing business at this point. But Kentucky, because of the premium deficiency reserve amortization or whatever, it really has minimal impact on our overall numbers. I think as I said, we had about $41 million, I think, of premium deficiency reserve at 12/31 on our balance sheet to cover the remaining 6-month period. About $23 million of that was used in the first quarter, leaving $18 million for the second quarter. So that's all performing to our expectations at this point. With regard to an HBR run rate for our existing business, I think it has been -- there's always ups and downs in terms of seasonality, the level of flu that's included in there versus the new business. So I wouldn't say anything unusual there. I will say that Texas will move into the existing business column for the second quarter, and we're not anticipating to see a significant -- we're expecting to see a slight decline in our HBR in the second quarter, even with Texas moving into that bucket.
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: And are you referring to the Hidalgo STAR+PLUS contract there?
William N. Scheffel: That's part of it. Well, we have a large expansion in Texas, which was included in the new business until -- again, until the second quarter, but it's been in there for a full 12 months.
Sarah James - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: And on the Hidalgo contract, was that the primary driver of the decrease in the new business MLR coming down or was there another state? And are there any kind of ongoing negotiations with the state around rates for that specific contract?
Michael F. Neidorff: Well, I'll deal with the rates and turn it over to Bill. We said -- I think, in my comments, I said that we will continue to work with Texas in evaluating the rate adequacy and so that's -- this is sitting here in April. The next increase is due in September. We have these real-time dashboards and things, so as time goes along, as we are close to September, we'll be able to look and demonstrate what our trends are in a realtime basis, and work very constructive with the states. So that's the time we'll really talk about that. Bill, do you want to pick up the driver of the new business in Hidalgo Star?
William N. Scheffel: Yes, I think Hidalgo was just one part of the overall Texas expansion and we did get a rate increase in Hidalgo in September 1. So I think as the state's gone through their rate analysis in Texas, there was virtually no rate change in the Rural Service Area on September 1. That's what's currently being considered. Much of what has been in the new bill is for the Rural Service Area. So I think that in the fourth quarter, just on our overall HBR versus the first quarter, we said we added, I think, around $10 million of additional premium deficiency reserve for Kentucky in the fourth quarter, which we didn't do in the first quarter, so that causes some of the decline from quarter-to-quarter.
Michael F. Neidorff: And I wouldn't want you to, through the call, thinking things have fully normalized in Hidalgo. I mean, we -- it's still a work in progress. And as we've said many times, it's a matter of doing things on a sustainable basis and balancing our efforts to manage to care in a quality cost effective way, and then work with the states where additional rates are still needed.
Operator: The next question will come from Dave Windley of Jefferies.
David A. Styblo - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: It's David Styblo, filling in for Windley. I had a kind of a follow-up on the utilization, the soft utilization trends you guys spoke about earlier. Can you talk a little bit more about when you start to see those? Were those consistent throughout the quarter? Did those [indiscernible] soften even as we were heading out?
Michael F. Neidorff: Well, I think what we said is, across the quarter, we saw some consistency in it. Now we had the flu cost in January. It was still high. Then we saw some mitigation of that as the quarter unfolded, and our experience tended to mirror the -- or follow that, what the CDC was seeing across the country. There's a lot of consistency there. Things like premature birth rates and that, that you get peaks and valleys in any quarter. So to say that versus other inpatient versus other outpatient services, it's hard to pinpoint and say if there was a fixed trend we're headed down and was continuing into April. That's why we're saying that that's the cause, not the cause, but the reason for some of the experience we're seeing in the HBR, but it's too early to say that, that will continue. And so therefore, we think it's prudent and appropriate to maintain the -- it's our expectation of our previous utilization levels.
David A. Styblo - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. As a follow-up, if that softer trend that you're seeing continues, is that enough to get you to the upper end of the guidance range or exceed it? Or how do we think about that in comparison to the other pivotal points that might push you to the lower end or the higher end of guidance? I suspect those would be in the new business.
Michael F. Neidorff: I want to be as helpful and as transparent as we can, but I would say, right now, our experience and how we look at it, going forward, keeps us about where we are in that range. And that if we see continued improvement or maintain a lower level in Q2 or Q3, that would be the time to talk to you about where in the range we would fall or tighten the range. As I think I said in my comments, it's just too early to declare that based on the Q1 data. Even though we're looking at some real-time data through our dashboard, it's still just a little bit early.
David A. Styblo - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's fair. And then finally, on lowering the SG&A outlook by about 20 basis points, is that more of a function of leveraging the new business now that all the transactions are in and new awards are in? Or is that more a function of Centene kind of being ahead of plan in terms of just their operating expense run rate?
Michael F. Neidorff: Well, I think, really, we've said all along, our goal is to leverage our incremental volume and we maintained cost reduction programs on an ongoing basis. And as you're expanding and growing, that's the time to focus on what your expenses are, not just adding more and saying more of the same. So what we're really doing is we're -- we continue to have everybody focused. And just because we've always done something doesn't mean you should continue to, and we're using systems and other things to never sit where we're at across the plans, especially companies, everywhere you look.
Operator: Our next question will come from Ralph Giacobbe of Credit Suisse.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I may have missed it. Did you guys -- did you give what Texas MLR was in the quarter?
William N. Scheffel: No, we haven't given the specific HBRs by state at this point.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, okay. And then, I guess, second question, if exchanges sort of do shakeout higher than Medicaid rates with providers, can you talk about your protection from getting charged that amount on your current book of business? I guess, will you have a separate carve out exchange product? And are you concerned at all around and how do you protect yourself in terms of future negotiations?
Michael F. Neidorff: Well, I mean, the exchange product is very different -- not very different, but the rate setting is different for the Medicaid versus the exchange, and Rone and his team has been -- with the help of Rob and others, are renegotiating effective rates for the book of business we're anticipating, which we told you was at the lower end of the spectrum. And so it's just a matter of working on it and dealing with it and working with the ACA rules and regulations, and figure out the size and what's an appropriate range. And I think with our actuaries, both internal and with our external actuaries, we'll be in business, very responsible. And of course, as we've always said, we want to always return to it's not how big you are, but we'd rather be a little smaller and profitable so we are willing to do that. But we believe we're well positioned. Rone's done a lot of work in the analysis work with everybody to get us where we need to be in the ranges.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, and then have you actually locked in contracts with providers at this point in terms of exchange?
William N. Scheffel: Yes.
Ralph Giacobbe - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just my last one, can you help us maybe parse out the revenue components maybe by contract, if at all possible, for the increase in that full year premium guidance? So obviously, the premium guidance went up. So I'm just trying to get a sense of the components of what potentially has shaken out better or incremental to what you knew sort of last quarter?
Michael F. Neidorff: Go ahead, Bill?
William N. Scheffel: I think the primary item that's new is the Acaria revenue for 3 quarters of the year, and then we're making estimates with respect to the start dates in the membership levels and premium levels for some of the newer business coming on in the second half of the year, including in Ohio and in California, and so -- and the Florida long-term care, which will start in August, I think it is. But we'll come in region by region for over a period of, I think, 8 or 9 months. So I think that it's our normal estimate -- estimation process of what we think those numbers will be and membership levels will be, which is included in our revised revenue guidance that we've given.
Operator: The next question will come from Justin Lake of JPMorgan.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: First question, I just wanted to get some clarity on Texas. Specifically, can you give us the level of those rates? I apologize if you mentioned it before and I missed it.
William N. Scheffel: I'm sorry, the level of the rate?
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: What was the rate increase that we should expect you to get in Texas?
William N. Scheffel: Well, we haven't really given a specific number at this point in time. The state's still working through their process. I mean, we have our own estimate as to what that's going to be, which is factored into our guidance numbers. But I think that until the process is completed, we don't have a rate amendment, for example, yet from the state. That won't occur until May. So we've done our own analysis on what they've been talking about, but until that point in time, I think, we're not quoting a specific percentage.
Michael F. Neidorff: It's not wise to front-run anything, and future rates or rates people work on, that's doubly true. There's a whole process that goes through our actuaries, their actuaries. It's very constructive process in Texas. They want to ensure that it's adequate, and I think they know that we ask for what's really needed, and not trying to see how high we can push it, and we've demonstrated that to them over many years. And they've demonstrated to us that they're -- they've acted in a very responsible way over all the years, so that's why we have a good relationship down there. We have a lot of respect for the director of Medicaid and others down there who work hard to get it right, and it's not always the easiest political environment they have to work in, but they worry about the quality of care for the recipients and that those who are providing get adequately reimbursed.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And what you've said is that you -- the rates, the way you understand them, are in line with what you had built into the original guidance. Is that correct?
Michael F. Neidorff: Yes, that is correct.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, and the retroactivity, how far retroactive are they going to go back? So when they come out...
Michael F. Neidorff: We were talking to them. They understand the issues. They understand where we've had rate issues versus utilization. And Bill wants to add something?
William N. Scheffel: Yes, I think what they're doing is looking at a particular fiscal year and then making a budget decision on paying additional rates for a certain period of time. i.e., the time of June, July and August to make payments, which apply to a greater period. But without any details of a rate amendment or anything, right now, we're just assuming that that's going to be part of the June, July and August revenue that we received.
Michael F. Neidorff: And the safest thing is they don't go through their process. They're responsible. They do a good job, and as quickly as we know and can responsibly report it, we'll try and let you know. We will be meeting again early June, which seems a long way off, but we all know it's really tomorrow. So hopefully -- I would hope and it's our hope that we have some resolution at that time.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. Then last question on Texas. Just the -- as you think ahead, I think you mentioned that their -- the typical rate cycle starts in September. So you're negotiating, not only this retroactive look back, but also the forward rates for September. Is there any -- is there an expectation that you're -- the more they give you early on or what they're giving you was fixed was going to lower...
Michael F. Neidorff: No, I think they all look to us for some real-time utilization information off our dashboard and other things, and to talk now today about what we're looking for in September, I think we need to let the other adjustments come and settle in, look at what that does to the total cost picture and revenue picture. And then as we get into the late July, August period, that's the time to be sitting down and getting very serious about what the data looks like because there will be enough in there to tell, to try and go now. I think with our real-time systems, we have an advantage so we don't have to take 3, 6 months old data and trend it as much as you would if you didn't have it. So I think we're in a position, the actuaries and ours, to use that real-time data to be more realistic at the time they set in the rates.
William N. Scheffel: The state, obviously, will look at the rates for the entire state, and all the managed care organizations and in their process. We're one piece of that. We provide our input and work with their actuaries to give them the data that we're seeing from trends and everything to make sure that's taken into account, but it would really be the state, obviously, working through their normal process.
Michael F. Neidorff: And as we've said historically, the state works constructively, and I think the activity you've seen since last September continues to demonstrate that.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Absolutely. One last question, your commentary on exchanges, specifically, your commentary around your product set that's going to look to address in lower income population or targeted for that population. Is there -- I mean, I'm just not aware of any way to specifically target lower income population. I mean, I understand that you can offer certainly a very narrow network product. But beyond that, is there a way to target, let's say, 250% or less of the MPL? Or is that just who you're going to market to? Or is that where the hospitals are going to be around in places where there's a lot of that population? Can you explain that to me?
K. Rone Baldwin: Well, I think as we have covered in the December Investor Day and introduced a little bit of our exchange strategy, we view this as an extension of our focus on uninsured people, particularly with the Medicaid base. So there are people that do churn out of Medicaid in terms of losing eligibility and then are looking for a private market solution. So there's a natural affinity in terms of our strategy for exchanges and the type of people that we've historically served and will come out and be looking for potential exchange solutions out of our Medicaid base. That's one lever. Certainly, network is a second one. We are building our network on the same set of providers that are providing people with care to our Medicaid members. So that is another way that basically, again, you tend to attract our target population with respect to things. We will be initiating certain marketing efforts and certain sales efforts that will again be built upon the types of people that have traditionally provided support and guidance to people that are looking for Medicaid solutions that will again be weighted more towards the lower end of the income continuum. And with respect to how we're looking at our product design, we're looking at a product that is going to provide a comfortable transition from what people have historically had their care through Medicaid in terms of not being used to copays, not being used -- or large copays, not being large, used to large deductibles and co-insurance levels. Again, try to offer a product that offers people a comfortable transition from that type of care or reimbursement to what will be offered on our exchange products. So through a series of those sort of levers, we feel that we are going to pull in and attract that lower income population that's eligible for subsidies on the exchanges.
Michael F. Neidorff: And I think also, I would remind you, we have some practical experience with the hybrid product in 3 or 4 states so that we have understanding how some things -- kind of what works in that area. So I won't say anything more than that from a competitive standpoint.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, so you don't want to share with us what the maybe a reasonable target? I mean, the bids are due, I know, in a couple of weeks. You don't want to share with us a reasonable target [indiscernible]?
Michael F. Neidorff: Let's not get ahead of ourselves. There's something [indiscernible] after the years we were doing this, in some things, there's no advantage to get ahead of yourself. But thank you for your questions, thanks.
Operator: The next question will come from Kevin Fishbeck of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, great. I wanted to go to flu for a second. The -- it sounded like you said that flu was -- there's no real difference between flu in the new market and existing markets, is that correct?
Michael F. Neidorff: Bill?
William N. Scheffel: I think that we incurred that across the country. Texas was our largest market, and the largest market where we saw flu. So I think that we haven't attempted, really, to split the flu out between the 2 that much [indiscernible] overall...
Michael F. Neidorff: Anything you'd add, Mary?
Mary V. Mason: I would agree. I would agree with what you said earlier, Michael, that, really, our experience mirrored the CDC.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. Was there anything as far as the product design, as far as ABD? Because the ABD Medicare MLR improved pretty significantly, certainly, compared to the TANF increase in MLR. I want to see if there's some thought about flu disproportionately impacting the TANF versus the ABD and Medicare.
Michael F. Neidorff: I dont think you could make that. I dont think that's the case.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then moving over the Illinois duals. Last quarter, I think when you gave the update on Illinois, you kind of gave Q4 as the implementation date. And then this quarter, you said that the date was still kind of under review. Do you feel like that might flip into Q1 next year?
Michael F. Neidorff: When you're working with states, it's very difficult to pinpoint it, and I think the approach we took in getting that information was really where it needs to be.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then just following up on the exchanges, can you give a little bit more color on the states that you're targeting? And then since you're talking about your experience and the hybrid program is giving you a leg up, I mean, the hybrid program membership has been declining. Can you just remind me -- is that just the repricing that you've started last year...
Michael F. Neidorff: Well, it's a combination of things. We've been using that as kind of a test market so to speak, and you're trying different things, which can move the membership up, down, as you try. I mean, the -- it would never be great, big significant membership. We knew that so it gave us that opportunity. And let's just say that in terms of what states, we're working through those, and when we file, it's going to be a subset loan of the current state. It won't be all 18, but there is a subset. And I think in some Investor Days, you've seen, we've talked about where the intensity and membership is, and the largest shares of market that would be there. Well, that's probably a good point to start, look at which states have the largest potential market and go from there.
Operator: Our next question will come from Anna Gupta [ph] of Dowling & Partners.
Unknown Analyst: So just continuing on the medium term growth drivers, the number of your states have expressed ambivalence about doing the Medicaid expansion. So as you are planning or doing scenario planning so you can operational-ize some of this and it's not that far ahead, can you give us some color on how you see the potential addressable market, assuming they do go for Medicaid expansion, assuming they do nothing or they opt for the hybrid and to what extent is your [indiscernible]
Michael F. Neidorff: Yes, let me -- I think part of it is we know there's those states who've announced they're going to do it, and when we're in that market, so be it. We know that other states are still looking at innovative approaches. And the innovative approaches require CMS approval. But in some cases, we'll talk to the states on how our system do that, if that's what they want to do, but it's -- there's a lot of political and other business issues that states are dealing with that will determine which states do it, and when they do it, we'll be there if it's one of our states.
Unknown Analyst: And do you think the Celtic-type offering, is it portable? And that if you ended up doing based on the Arkansas model to close, for example, would your profitability be in line with what you'd like it to be and how would that compare?
Michael F. Neidorff: I think that we are very capable of doing the Arkansas-type model. I think, if we're going to be in exchanges, we're going to be at the low end of exchanges, and that's really what you're talking about. That's something we -- will be a sweet spot for us.
Unknown Analyst: Okay, great. And then on the duals, there's been some talk on the baseline rate in California and some actuarial concerns around what that might be. Can you comment on that at all? What sort of margins are being targeted in Ohio and Illinois? Is that likely to have any impact?
Michael F. Neidorff: Do you want to say anything or add on that?
William N. Scheffel: I think it's fair to say there's a lot of discussions going on around the country with respect to rates for duals. So those conversations are starting obviously between CMS and their respective states and then extending into the plans in certain markets. So I think it's premature to kind of comment on those as it works through. But I think that our understanding and expectation is there will be a balanced discussion on rate adequacy amongst those 3 parties, CMS, the states and the plans.
Unknown Analyst: And that goes also with the forward expected trajectory of savings? Do you think that's going to go in line with what you all think is achievable?
William N. Scheffel: I think, obviously, it's going to depend on what -- we need to get more visibility on expectations, both in kind of the initial year and in the out years. But yes, I think everybody has an interest in achievable savings and a sustainable program.
Operator: The next question will come from Scott Fidel of Deutsche Bank.
Scott J. Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: First question, just if you can maybe give us some thoughts on the trajectory of the MLR in the 2Q relative to the back half? And specifically, are you thinking the MLR can get back to within the guidance range in the second quarter as the Texas rate increase starts to materialize or do you think that's more of a 3Q event?
Michael F. Neidorff: Bill?
William N. Scheffel: I think that we -- from a seasonality standpoint, Q2 is usually one of our better quarters. And so I think as we're looking at this -- our overall HBR that we're looking at for the remaining 3 quarters falls more into the guidance range that we have indicated, and that we'll obviously benefit from certain rate increases that we have assumed that will occur, starting in the second, third quarter in Texas, but overall, we do think it will be -- the remainder of the year will fall within the range.
Scott J. Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. Then just a follow-up question, just wanted to just get some more color on the disclosure that you included in the Q on contributions to the subs relative to capital. And it looks like you're forecasting you've going to have around $270 million of capital contributions over the remainder of the year to the subs. Maybe if you can just give us some color on -- are there any particular subs where you're expecting to direct most of that capital? And then just in terms of financing that, it looks like highlighted using the revolver to fund a portion of that. So just interested in maybe the mix of the financing of that between the revolver and from unregulated cash flows.
Michael F. Neidorff: Well, we have strong cash flows, and we have more than adequate capacity within the revolver. And again, as far as stating our current forecast, Bill, do not show us drawing the whole revolver, anything close to it?
William N. Scheffel: Right, we've been fortunate in our internally generated funds. It really covered most of the increase that we funded over the last 1.5 years or so in terms of the increase in revenues from 2012 of almost 60% and 25% or so, we're looking for this year. So we will put in over $1 billion in capital in that period, most of which we've put in $220 million, I think, in this first quarter already and the revolver balance is 0. So I think we've shown the ability to self-fund most of that, and we do have the revolver out there to fund the remaining. We did issue the $175 million in notes in the fourth quarter of last year, but that's really been the only issuance that we've had. We're very comfortable with our debt-to-cap ratio at this point in time, given the low-cost of debt, so we would expect to continue down that path.
Scott J. Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, and then just one last question. Just on Kentucky, can you remind us whether you did end up getting a rate increase? I think some local media had said that all the plans did get rate increases when some of your peers decided that, but I'm not sure if you guys have publicly talked about that yet, so just interested if...
Michael F. Neidorff: We really have not talked publicly beyond saying where we are in the course and the administrative reviews, Scott. It's just...
William N. Scheffel: We did not get a rate increase in 2013 in Kentucky. Those were separate contract amendments for the other 2 plans, and we do not have a contract amendment.
Operator: The next question will come from Tom Carroll of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Thomas A. Carroll - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: So just a couple of quick ones. Could you update us on how much remains in the PDR that was established? And Bill, I think you said it was $41 million at year end. Kind of where is that today? And then secondly, with the visibility on all the new business, I mean, my question was going to be do you anticipate having to raise more capital, but based on your answer to the last one, it sounds like that's no, but maybe just some clarification on that.
William N. Scheffel: Sure, the remaining premium deficiency reserve at March 31 is about $18 million, which is consistent with our expectations that we had at the end of the year when we revised our numbers in 5 or 10-K. So that's proceeding according to plan at this point in time. The other question with respect to the new business, we -- it takes about 12 months of revenue to -- for that to run out before all of the capital that you need for a new area is -- needs to be fully deployed. So our current projections are, as we add this new business, particularly in the -- we added Kansas on January 1, and we'll add some other states in the second half of the year and programs, that gets factored in quarter-by-quarter, and our current projections certainly allow us to cover that through internally generated funds and the use of our revolver.
Michael F. Neidorff: I'll also remind you that we have said at several different occasions that acquisitions for stock would be a way of adding equity to the balance sheet. And Acaria is probably a good example where we started that, and obviously, any acquisition we do won't be for that purpose. It has to be something that strategically we want to move into, but that's another way to add the equity without being dilutive to earnings.
Operator: The next question will come from Carl McDonald of Citigroup.
Carl R. McDonald - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Specialty margin looked like it was 26% this quarter, which seems unsustainably high. So could you just talk about what drove the specialty results this quarter and where you think a sustainable margin would be for specialty? How do you factor in the Acaria deal as well as the new Massachusetts contract?
William N. Scheffel: Let me try to address that. I saw your note early. I think with regard to our income statement, if you're looking just at service revenue and cost of services, that's a fairly small number, $33 million in revenues for the quarter. And I think that the improvement in our margin with respect to services really comes from a number of our separate Specialty Companies, including Nurtur and Sympatico and OptiCare, and so I think it's actually a $3 million difference so I don't -- percentages are not necessarily indicative of the whole trend. In our segment, footnote in the 10-Q, when you look at earnings from operations divided by our revenues, I think we improved our margin from 4.4-something percent to 4.7% year-over-year. So I think that's more indicative of the additional volume that we've received from the membership gains over the year and increasing the revenue from the health plans where we serve those same customers at the specialty side.
Carl R. McDonald - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And so would you view the current earnings stream as being a good run rate for go forward?
William N. Scheffel: I think that the current run rate that we have shown, particularly in the segment footnote, is reasonable and appropriate for going forward.
Operator: Our next question will come from Brian Wright of Monness, Crespi, Hardt.
Brian Wright - Monness, Crespi, Hardt & Co., Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions. Can you give us the SG&A ratio for Acaria specifically?
William N. Scheffel: We don't give the specific ratios, but let's just say it's higher obviously, than our average of 8% or 9%.
Brian Wright - Monness, Crespi, Hardt & Co., Inc., Research Division: In the 20s range?
Michael F. Neidorff: Well, we don't give that, Brian.
Brian Wright - Monness, Crespi, Hardt & Co., Inc., Research Division: Well it's just that it's a whole new business for us so it's kind of just...
Michael F. Neidorff: I know. Let it settle down as our business falls in, and what we see now and where it is, as the revenue grows, will be different. So let's give it some time before we start to maybe jump into this, and I want to be careful. You can mislead by giving too much granularity too soon, and that's something I want to stay away from.
Brian Wright - Monness, Crespi, Hardt & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just as far as Kansas, that's a new market. Is that kind of in your new typical 90% kind of range for new market?
William N. Scheffel: I think each market is different, and the 90% that we talked about in the past with regard to within reserves, the 90% in the first period of operations, probably it's closer to 92% today when you consider our re-class of medical management cost that we did a couple of years ago. Having said that, Kansas, in the first 6 months of operations, where we have some continuity of care provisions and have margin build, we're running in the high-90s.
Brian Wright - Monness, Crespi, Hardt & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, and that's just for 6 months?
William N. Scheffel: Well, it's only been up for 3 months so...
Brian Wright: Expect that for the first 6 months?
William N. Scheffel: The first quarter was there.
Brian Wright - Monness, Crespi, Hardt & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then -- okay, and then just lastly on Kentucky, you ended the last year with a 255, I think, RBC ratio there. I would think with the premium deficiency reserve kind of buckets, is it reasonable to think that you're still in the same range then, for Kentucky?
William N. Scheffel: I think we'll probably be in excess of 200%. How much above that, I dont really know.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference over to Centene Corporation's Chairman and CEO, Mr. Michael Neidorff for his closing comments.
Michael F. Neidorff: I just want to thank you, all, for tuning in. And we look forward to talking at the Investor Day and at the end of Q2. Take care.
Operator: Thank you. The conference has now concluded. We thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-05 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Ed Kroll  SVP-Finance and IR Michael Neidorff  Chairman, President and CEO William Scheffel  EVP and CFO Jesse Hunter - VP, Operations
Analysts:  Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group Josh Raskin  Barclays Capital Ralph Giacobbe  Credit Suisse Justin Lake - JP Morgan Carl McDonald  Citigroup Peter Costa  Wells Fargo Securities Scott Fidel  Deutsche Bank Brian Wright  Monnes Crespi & Hardt Scott Green  Bank of America Merrill Lynch Melissa McGinnis - Morgan Stanley David Sagalov - Jefferies  
Operator:  Good morning and welcome to the Centene Corporation Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2012 Financial Results Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ed Kroll. Please go ahead.
Ed Kroll: Thank you, operator and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us on todays call. Michael Neidorff, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Bill Scheffel, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Centene Corporation, will host this mornings call. The call is expected to last about 45 minutes and may also be accessed throughout our website at centene.com. A replay will be available shortly after this calls completion also on our website at centene.com or by dialing 877-344-7529 in the U.S. and Canada or in other countries by dialling 412-317-0088. The playback number for both of those calls is 10023301. Any remarks that Centene may make about future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provision under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors including those discussed in Centenes most recently filed Form 10-Q dated October 23, 2012, and other public SEC filings. Centene anticipates that subsequent events and developments will cause its estimates to change. While the company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. As a reminder, you can find our 2013 earnings release dates on our website in the investor relations section. Also our next investor day is June 17, 2013 in New York City. Please mark your calendars. With that, Id like to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Michael Neidorff. Michael
Michael Neidorff: Thank you, Ed. Good morning everyone. And thank you for joining Centenes fourth quarter and full year 2012 earnings call. In general, fourth quarter results were consistent with our guidance provided at the December 14s investor day when excluding higher than expected flu costs.  I will provide more color on the flu epidemic shortly. My comments today will include an update on the key issues and other topics discussed at our investor day. I will also talk about our recently announced acquisition Acaria, a strategically important specialty pharmacy organization. I will then turn the call over to Bill for details on our fourth quarter and full year 2012 financial results.  At our December investor day, we noted higher than expected medical costs associated with a much earlier than normal and more intense flu season particularly in Texas, which is our largest market. At that time we took down our 2012 guidance by approximately $0.15 to $0.18 per share to account for additional flu costs. However the flu hit even harder in the fourth quarter than originally anticipated. The fourth quarter included an incremental $0.30 flu costs compared to the fourth quarter of 2011. That was $0.11 above our expectations.  Our initial read of January indicates a flu costs are similar to the levels experienced in December 2012. Our original planning anticipated higher flu costs in the first quarter of 2013 compared to the fourth quarter of 2012. Flu related costs are just one component of our total medical costs. Additionally, the most recent CDC data suggests that the flu season peaked in mid-January. Recognizing this we have not changed our annual guidance.  Next Kentucky, we believe the states Medicaid program is not sustainable in its current form due to structural and policy flaws. The Kentucky loss was $1.71 per share in 2012. In October of 2012, Centene notified the Kentucky cabinet for health and family services that it was exercising a contractual right that it believes allows the company to terminate its Medicaid managed care contract effective July 5 2013.  Centene has also filed a formal dispute with the cabinet for damages incurred under the contract. That dispute is currently on appeal to the finance and administration cabinet. In addition, Centene has filed a lawsuit in Franklin Circuit Court against the Commonwealth of Kentucky seeking declaratory relief. On January 23, 2013 the Franklin Circuit Court denied the Commonwealths motion to dismiss the case and retain jurisdiction of the lawsuit. The court stayed proceeds pending a formal written determination by the finance and administration cabinet, which is expected in late March. Recognizing that this case an administrative appeal and litigation we will make no further comments.  On the Texas, as we discussed at our December investor day, we experienced higher than expected medical costs in the fourth quarter in Texas. This was related to the off-cycle transfer of high acuity members in Hidalgo service area from (inaudible). In addition, we experienced higher than anticipated utilization in in the in-patient category in the rural service area. The 4% state-wide rating increase effective September 1 did not reflect the impact of these two issues. The Texas legislature is currently in session and supplemental funding for the Medicaid program is expected to be passed in the first quarter. We continue to work with the state to obtain and ensure premium adequacy.  I will now discuss Centenes new business and growth efforts (ph). The Mississippi managed care program expanded from approximately 50,000 members to 150,000 members effective December 1, 2012. Centene is one of two managed care vendors in the state. At year end, we increased our membership to 77,200. The state also notified us that we will be sole-source vendor for a foster care program that will commence during 2013.  On January 1, our Kansas health plan began operation under a state-wide contract covering TANF , ABD duals and non-duals, foster care, long-term care and CHIP beneficiaries. The state has indicated they are pleased with the initial development of the program. Our membership is currently at 119,000 lives and reflects approximately 33% share of market.  In Illinois, we expected to commence and expanded managed care service area during the second quarter. In addition, we were selected to serve dual eligible members in the Greater Chicago area. This program is expected to begin in the fourth quarter of 2013. Were also exploring further expansion opportunities in Illinois. We currently expect to commence operations in New Hampshire in mid-2013. New Hampshire will represent Centenes 18th state with health plan operation.  Our successful re-procurement and expansion in Ohio takes effect July of 2013. We were also selected to serve members in the state dual eligible demonstration program in three regions. This program is expected to commence in the fourth quarter of 2013.  Our Florida subsidiary was notified last month that it has been recommended for a contract award in 10 of the 11 regions of The state's Medicaid long-term care program. Enrollments will be rolled out by region beginning in August of 2013 and continuing through March of 2014.  On the M&A front, we recently announced a definitive agreement to acquire AcariaHealth, a comprehensive specialty pharmacy organization for $152 million. The Acaria acquisition is consistent with Centenes strategy of expanding the breadth of our in-house specialty company offerings. Acarias experience with high cost specialty drugs will allow us to better serve the needs of high acuity members. It will also enable our PBM to offer integrated pharmacy solutions to our customers. Acaria provides a national platform and experienced management team which brings strong relationships with pharmaceutical companies as well as expanded access to limited distribution high cost drugs.  Specialty pharmacy is a very important cost category for Centene. We expect to increase specialty pharmacy spend to approximately $300 million in 2013 and believe this will continue to increase going forward. We anticipate that this transaction will close in the fourth quarter of 2013. Excluding one-time transaction costs, we expect this deal to be neutral to EPS for the first 12 months of operation.  Now let's discuss the growth opportunities for 2014 and above. Our future pipeline remains extremely robust at more than $250 billion through 2016, approximately $100 billion of this is within our existing geographic footprint. We view the Medicaid expansion as a natural extension of our core business. While not every state will go through the expansion, we estimate that there is approximately $20 billion opportunity across our existing markets.  Centenes experience with specialty needs brand (ph) and other high acuity populations supports the companys ability to compete for the $30 billion dual eligible opportunity within our existing markets. As I previously mentioned, we have already won two dual eligible contracts. Our advanced medical management and predictive modeling tools are key advantages for us in lowering costs with this high acuity population.  The exchange market represents the largest growth opportunity for Centene over the next several years, estimated at $52 billion in our existing markets. Our experience with the exchange market gives Centene a very competitive advantage. Were already participating in high grade programs in Indiana and Texas as well as the Massachusetts connector. This allows us to move beyond traditional Medicaid and serve the uninsured and uninsured populations  In summary, while 2012 represented challenges in certain markets, we believe we have the necessary steps taken to put us in a strong position (inaudible) in 2013 and beyond. And with that, I will turn the call over to Bill.
William Scheffel: Thank you, Michael and good morning. For the fourth quarter of 2012, premium and service revenues were $2.3 billion, an increase of 58% over the last years fourth quarter. For the year ended December 31st -- December 2012 premium and service revenues were over $8.2 billion, an increase of 59% year-over-year. The increase in premium and service revenues in 2012 is driven by several factors.  First, the addition of five new states during the last two years, Illinois, Kentucky, Louisiana, Missouri and Washington. Second, expansions in three states during the last two years, in Texas effective February 2011 and March 2012, and Arizona long-term care effective October 2011 and the Ohio pharmacy (inaudible) effective October 2011. And then also in the fourth quarter of this year, pharmacy benefits were carved in Louisiana effective November 1 and the Mississippi managed care program was expanded to cover additional membership categories December 1. Premium  Premium taxes grew significantly to $429 million in 2012 from $160 million in 2011. This is the result of certain states significantly expanding their hospital and provider tax assessments. We are paid these amounts and then immediately passed through the payments to specified providers.  Our health benefits ratio was 91.3% for the fourth quarter compared to 85.9% in the fourth quarter of 2011. As we previewed during our guidance meeting on December 14, we have experienced a high level of flu related costs, particularly in Texas during the fourth quarter. Flu costs more than doubled in December over November and the increase will flu costs between years is estimated at $0.30 per share fourth quarter over fourth quarter.  During the third quarter we recorded a premium deficiency reserve related to our Kentucky health plan. And in the fourth quarter we experienced a higher level of claims receipts for all their days (ph) of service and recorded an additional expense of approximately $10 million related to Kentucky. We believe the increased level of claims receipts was due to the one-year timely filing period starting to take effect and due to our announcement that we have initiated actions to exit the Kentucky market. Excluding the Kentucky health plan operations, the fourth quarter HBR was 90.7%.  In Texas, as Michael indicated, we continue to work with the state to obtain appropriate rate adjustments for certain products or geographic areas. We expect this process to be finalized in the first quarter.  For the year ended December 31, 2012 our consolidated HBR was 91.6% compared to 85.2% in 2011. Excluding the Kentucky operation, our HBR for 2012 was 89.6%. As we discussed at our investor day in December, we have presented the impact of new business and existing business in our press release today.  For the fourth quarter approximately 35% of our revenues come from new business, those in operations less than a full 12 months. And our HBR for new business was 96.7% in Q4 compared to 88.5% for the existing business. And based on existing known business, we expect the percentage of revenue road for new business to decline in the third and fourth quarter.  Our general and administrative expense ratio was 8.4% for the fourth quarter compared to 11.0% in the fourth quarter of 2011. The decrease in the G&A ratio reflects the benefit of our additional scale and a lower level of performance based compensation expense, which lowered our ratio by 60 basis points. And we incurred approximately $0.11 in business expansion costs in Q4.  For similar reasons, our full year 2012 G&A ratio decreased to 8.6% compared to 11.3% in 2011. Investment and other income was $3.4 million in the fourth quarter this year compared to $4.0 million in last years fourth quarter, reflecting the continued low level of interest rates. For the year investment and other income was $36 million in 2012 compared to $13.4 million in 2011. The increase between years primarily relates to the $19 million in gains recorded in the third quarter of this year.  Interest expense was $6.1 million in the fourth quarter, compared to $4.8 million last year. During the fourth quarter we issued an additional $175 million of senior notes priced to yield 4.29%. For all of 2012 our interest expense was $20.5 million compared to $20.3 million in 2011.  Our income tax expense for the fourth quarter of 2012 represented an effective tax rate, excluding non-controlling interest of 38.8% compared to 36.5% in 2011. Given the consolidated pre-tax loss from operations, the effective rate for the whole year is not meaningful.  Diluted earnings per share for the fourth quarter were $0.17 compared to $0.57 for the prior year. For the full year, earnings per diluted share were $0.03 per share versus $2.12 in 2011. Ill call your attention to the table in the press release detailing certain of the 2012 unusual items. At December 31, we had cash and investments of $1.6 billion, including $37 million held by unregulated entities. We have estimated our risk based capital percentage, excluding Kentucky, to be in excess of 350% of the authorized control level. For Kentucky, we expect to maintain a minimum required capital level through our July 5 exit date.  Our total debt at year end was $539 million reflecting the additional $175 million in senior notes issued in the fourth quarter. There were no borrowings under our revolver at December 31. Our debt to capital ratio at December 31 was 32.7%, excluding our non-recourse mortgage note. The medical claims liability totaled $926 million at year end. Our days in claims payable was 41.1 days, a decrease of 1.7 days from September 30 and a reflection of a lower inventory level at December 31. Our cash flow from operations was negative $29 million for the fourth quarter with total $279 million for all of 2012.  For 2013 annual guidance, we have maintained the guidance numbers provided on December 14. Premium and service revenues $9.7 billion to $10 billion, diluted earnings per share $2.60 to $2.90, consolidated health benefits ratio 88% to 89%, general and administrative expense ratio 9.0% to 9.5% and diluted shares outstanding of 54.8 million to 55.2 million shares.  Now there are number of moving parts for 2013 which have not yet been incorporated into our guidance numbers. We expect to close on the Acaria acquisition late in Q1 and we have not included any of their business in these numbers. We currently expect to issue approximately 60% stock in consideration for the acquisition. In addition, we would expect to incur about $0.06 in transaction costs upon closing of the transaction.  The state of Florida has recently announced their recommendations for the long-term care program. This program will roll out from August of 2013 to March of 2014 and we have not as yet included the revenue and medical costs related to this program. However, we have included the start-up costs for this program in our estimate of total business expansion costs for 2013 which total $0.50 to $0.60.  Flu costs have continued to be high in January, similar to December levels. Depending on how this plays out for the full quarter, we could certainly see an impact of this in our first-quarter earnings. But as noted, we are not changing our annual guidance.  With that, operator, you may now open up the line for questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) The first question will come from Chris Rigg of Susquehanna Financial Group .
Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group: Just want to come back to the guidance for the year. When we think about sort of a fully baked outlook for 2013, including Florida long-term care, including Acaria, do you think that the $2.60 to $2.90 directionally is flat, up or down?
William Scheffel: At this point I would say its flat. I think we said we didnt expect to have any particular level of accretion for Acaria in the first 12 months. There will be, we said, $0.06 for transaction costs and Florida long term care, the business expansion costs have already included the startup costs for that, we would expect that the amount of revenue and medical costs we would have particularly in the fourth quarter would not be a meaningful adjustment. 
Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group: And then I may have missed it, but did you disclose the Kentucky loss ratio in the quarter?
Michael Neidorff: We have not specifically talked about what that is. I think that it continues to be high as we said we booked the additional $10 million, so its well into the hundreds. 
Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group: And then last question, more of a big picture question. We all can kind of agree that the industry tax on the Medicaid side doesn't make a lot of sense. But as of right now it's still scheduled to roll in the next year and you have a rate -- rate cycles obviously -- Georgia, Texas, Florida all come on in the second half of the year. I guess is it your expectation that in the absence of adjustment that the rates that you will see will have some sort of pro rata adjustment to sort of make you whole on the industry tax? Or do you actually think there is some margin erosion potential over the short-term as rates will not reflect the industry tax that begins January 1 of next year?
Michael Neidorff: I think that is a couple of factors. One, we continue to work that issue in the House and Senate. Obviously when the passed the bill, there was no reconciliation between the two bills, and everybody we talked to are well aware of it and the fact that its one thing commercially, its something else in government services, which have to be actuarially sound. So I believe that we will be able to work the states at appropriate rates to keep them actuarially sound vis--vis that particular task because we have no choice. But we also have the states working with us and agreeing by and large that  something we have to change on it.
Operator: Our next question will come from Josh Raskin of Barclays.
Josh Raskin  Barclays Capital: Just wanted to make sure I understood, Bill, did you say -- I'm just curious what you said about the flu costs embedded in the first quarter. Did you say youre anticipating a similar impact as you saw in the fourth quarter, meaning maybe an incremental $0.30? Or were you saying you have a normal season and then the flu could be an issue again? I just want to make sure I heard that right.
William Scheffel: So what we have seen so far is the month of January flu costs have been similar to the level you have seen in December. And as I said, in the fourth quarter Decembers costs were twice as higher  more than twice as high as November. So were coming into this year with an elevated level to start with but we have seen in more recent weeks we started to decline. So we had built in a larger amount for Q1 and based on what we see right now, we believe that this level of flu will be higher than we originally anticipated. But given our current estimates we believe that will be absorbed within our current range of our guidance estimate $2.60, $2.90. But it doesnt mean that first quarter results in and of themselves will not be slightly impacted by higher level of flu costs. 
Michael Neidorff: Josh, it appears that the flu peaked earlier this year because of the earlier stride in the fourth quarter of last year. And our medical department, Mary Mason and others say weve not seen twin peaks in the flu historically. And so as we said we saw it starting to dissipate, the CDC did the second week in January. Their experience is tracking with what we are seeing in our markets, Texas being the large one. So at this point, as Bill said, it may have some  it may have us (inaudible)
Josh Raskin  Barclays Capital: And would you be surprised if your earnings were up year over year in the first quarter? Should we interpret that to mean you would expect your earnings in the first quarter to be down on a year over year basis?
William Scheffel: I think thats a reasonable assumption right now. 
Michael Neidorff: It doesnt mean that  the flu is so episodic. That it becomes a little more difficult to project than other costs where you have more history, or a different former history. 
Josh Raskin  Barclays Capital: And then just second question. I am a big fan of this new existing market, same store versus new store metrics you guys are giving. As I look at the metric in the fourth quarter, it looks like what I will call same-store MVR was up 390 basis points, but the new business was up 360. And I certainly understand the new business is still at a higher level. But I am just curious what drove the same store? Was that flu costs in Texas? I am just trying to figure out what exactly is in new store.
William Scheffel: Well, I think in new stores, you also get pharmacy carve-ins which is occurred in Texas and some other things which has a higher HBR effect for that element of the costs. And so I think that what we see is for the existing stores, youre going to have an increase because we have higher mix and acuity levels in terms of the SSI tact numbers weve added over time. In the new stores youre obviously impacted significantly by Texas and Kentucky.
Josh Raskin  Barclays Capital: I guess I was just surprised, I thought Texas and Kentucky would have -- the new store numbers would have been up more significantly year over year than the existing. Or I'm just trying to figure out what drove the 390 basis point existing same-store number up.
William Scheffel: Youre talking about for the existing or for the new?
Josh Raskin  Barclays Capital: For existing. So the 88.5%?
William Scheffel: Right, again I think a lot of that has to do with the fact that the type of members that we have been adding, and that you have rated it as a higher HBR for example on ABD book of business, it would be a TANF book. Weve added a lot of higher acuity membership over time and thats what caused the existing HBR to be higher.
Operator: Our next question will come from Ralph Giacobbe of Credit Suisse.
Ralph Giacobbe  Credit Suisse: Just wanted to go to Texas. Youd previously talked about getting back to a normalized margin in 2013. I guess is that still the goal? Can you help us with sort of the timeline for resolution and whether it would be retro and maybe what guidance assumes?
Michael Neidorff: I think we still anticipate the state, its membership normalizing during the course of the year. We know the state recognizes the issue, they gave us the letter which we shared in a conference in December. How they handle, whether on a going forward basis, or actual basis that should be determined. Its in the legislation now, theyre working through it. And as soon as we know something we will be glad to share.
Ralph Giacobbe  Credit Suisse: In terms of the guidance assumptions for rate, have you guys talked about that?
Michael Neidorff: The guidance weve given annually anticipates appropriate action on the part of the state.
Ralph Giacobbe  Credit Suisse: And then maybe can you provide some color on the Florida long-term care RFP? I think one of your competitors noted that they felt that underwriting was tight in certain counties and that the target loss ratio was kind of 93% to 95% or something like that along those percentages. Obviously you were awarded kind of 10 to 11 regions in the state. Can you maybe talk about your comfort around underwriting in the state and your ability to sort of run these contracts profitably?
Michael Neidorff: I think historically we have always said that were not  numbers that we dont believe are consistent with the well managed business and appropriate medical loss ratio, we see it that way. We went after the service areas we believed we could manage, we had to (inaudible) with the state. We also think they had a very thorough process they went through. So having went through that process we feel good about it. Jesse, anything you want to add about the  how we look at it actuarially?
Jesse Hunter: Just maybe a couple of thoughts, Ralph, one is as you look  similar to point that Bill just made, with respect to ABD and some of the other populations, youve got much higher premiums associated with affordable term care business. So as a result the allocation between medical costs and administrative costs is different but that doesn't necessarily mean that long term margin expectations would be different. So I think that its fair to say that HBRs will be higher for long-term care product, that doesn't necessarily mean that the margins would be lower over time.
Operator: Our next question will come from Justin Lake of JP Morgan.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan: First, in terms of the MLR guidance for the year, can you guys break out, given that you are going to be reporting this new store same store number, can you give us what your guidance implies in terms of the new store, same store MLR?
William Scheffel: At this point, weve not decided to give guidance numbers on the same-store existing new business MLRs, I think our plan is to report that each quarter but not necessarily to give look -- forward-looking information on that. I think what we have said is that as a percentage of business, we know that some of the new business will roll into the old business during 2013 such that we get to the end of 2013 second half, closer to 15% to 20% of the revenues coming from new business versus 35% that we saw in Q4.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan: Is there any way to even just share with us then what you think the same-store MLR would be on a reasonable basis, let's say for the year, even if you don't want to comment on the new store?
William Scheffel: I think we said on investor day that there was about 500 to 700 basis point differential in the MLRs between new and existing, I think that relationship has been there for several years. We would expect that to continue going forward. And this is about as much as I can say on it.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan: And then on the acquisition, I apologize if I missed this. But net of all of the transaction costs and the stock issuance can you give us an idea of what you think the accretion is going to be on the deal?
Michael Neidorff: The initial year its breakeven, neutral to earnings in the first 12 months. 
William Scheffel: Excluding the $0.06 of transaction costs that we would expect to record upon closing.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan: So thats ex the transaction costs, will actually be dilutive to $0.05 to $0.06 for the year?
William Scheffel: Yes.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan: And then just lastly on the flu, can you tell us what your flu number was last year in the first quarter?
William Scheffel: I think that last year was a very low season for flu, and so thats now we baked into our guidance. So I think it was less than $10 million in Q1 last year for actual flue costs.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan: And whats baked in -- remind me what's baked into the guidance this year?
William Scheffel: Well I think our original guidance had a much higher level than that for Q1, and weve bumped that up even more given that  so weve seen for January. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Carl McDonald of Citigroup.
Carl McDonald  Citigroup: Just wanted to run through the premium deficiency reserve in Kentucky. So if you ended third quarter with $63 million, you added $10 million in the fourth quarter that you had already disclosed, so that got you to $73 million, ended the year with $41.5 million. It looks like you've applied $31.5 million in 4Q, is that the right interpretation? 
William Scheffel: I would agree with that math. Yeah I think we added additional $10 million in the fourth quarter, as we talked about for additional claims costs that we had come in and we ended up at December 31 with $41 million which really covers our estimate of the premium deficiency reserve from January 1 to July 5. 
Michael Neidorff: And they did change a few of the policies as well as  theyve eliminated or the retroactive assignment for SSI numbers, for example, wont change in the program.
Carl McDonald  Citigroup: So I guess I mean, that gets to my second question which is if the out-patient was over $30 million in 4Q alone and you only have $41 million left on the premium deficiency reserve. Are those changes that have been made big enough that $41 million will cover those losses or would you anticipate that we may see that the premium deficiency reserves have to be increased again?
William Scheffel: I think right now thats our best estimate for 2013 and I think particularly when you compare 2012 to 2013, we would expect that Kentucky would have a minimal impact on 2013 after consideration that we got to 41 million of premium deficiency reserve, there could be $3 million or $4 million of exit costs and other things that prop up during the course of year which we've estimated in our costs  in our original guidance. But if were off we wouldnt expect it to be up a whole lot compared to as Michael said I think our loss in Kentucky operations for 2012 was $1.71. 
Michael Neidorff: Now there if you remember, and Carl, when we see something that could impact the guidance or we had some information, we've never been bashful about it, putting it out there and making the appropriate adjustment as we see. 
Carl McDonald  Citigroup: But in terms of the Kentucky exit timeline, I know youre not going to opine on likelihood, but just  Id just be interested in the milestones on some of the timeline. Basically just want to understand if its possible that you can get out by July? And so if the decision in late March is an example where to go against you can maybe just walk through next steps in terms of that timeline.
Michael Neidorff: At that point, were back in quarter and well work through it quite expeditiously. I wont say any more except I would emphasize that the court did retain the jurisdiction. They stayed any action on us versus dismissing it to start over. So I think we have a judge who understands the issue in terms of timing and the impacts, so its hard to say any more beyond that.
Operator: Our next question will come from Peter Costa with Wells Fargo Securities.
Peter Costa  Wells Fargo Securities: Can you go through sort of the capital requirements that you are expecting over the next year and a half or so as we get into 2014 and the premiums start to grow? Do you think your capital position is good enough for that? We have just taken a little hit to capital here this quarter; can we talk a little more about that.
Michael Neidorff: I will start off and Bill can pick it from there. As we have indicated that we believe that we have adequate capital through our cash flows, positive cash flows and our revolver to cover our capital needs for the balance of the year. 
William Scheffel: I think that as we've seen over the last year and a half the growth that we put on the books obviously requires funding at the subsidiary level for statutory capital. That will continue in 2013 and as we said our cash flow for all of 2012 I think was $279 million, something like that, we would expect that in 2013 it will be even greater than that given the operations that we have. So a lot of the capital requirements are met through internally generated funds and as we said the revolver that we have is unused at 12/31 and its a $350 million revolver expandable to $400 million. So the acquisition that we talked about is funded quite a bit with stock which will not really dilute our capital ratio very much and other acquisitions that we talked about we also look to include a meaningful portion of equity as part of those.
Peter Costa  Wells Fargo Securities: Do you foresee your internal cash flows generating all the capital requirements for the next year and a half? Is that accurate?
William Scheffel: Were particularly looking at 2013. 2014 is little less clear given Medicaid expansion and exchanges and how things fall out there in terms of what the requirements are. And so I think we can probably be in a position to better update 2014 once we get into the second half of the year and have a better look at how things are going to progress in 2014.
Michael Neidorff: And then you also have some high acuity, long-term care things coming in which will have  should have significant cash flow associated with that.
Peter Costa  Wells Fargo Securities: You didn't talk very much about Louisiana. Can you give us a little update on the performance there?
William Scheffel: I think Louisiana has rolled out in three phases beginning in February through June and then it added the pharmacy carve-in effective November 1, so at this point in time it's been up and running for a reasonable period of operations and seems to be performing within our expectations. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Scott Fidel of Deutsche Bank.
Scott Fidel  Deutsche Bank: Thanks. First question just if you can talk about how discussions are progressing on the primary care provider parity rules and it looks like WellCare gave an update that they had been negotiating a bit on that in Florida. So maybe if you can update on Florida specifically and then more broadly how those discussions are proceeding. And then whether you expect that the capitation rates that you'll receive for that will fully cover the costs of moving the provider rates up to in parity Medicare.
Michael Neidorff: I think the best comments, its a good question, as we are in active discussions and working through those issues. And its best not to front run those situations. 
William Scheffel: Other than  we expect those to be neutral to us at the end of the day and we will accommodate whatever needs they happen from an individual states perspective but we really dont expect it to have a net impact to us.
Michael Neidorff: Were very conscious of it, its all considered everything we are doing. And the panels are working through us very appropriately, methodically.
Scott Fidel  Deutsche Bank: And then just a second question just taking together some of the comments that you have made so far on the flu costs in 1Q and whats incorporated into the outlook. Is it fair to say that it sounds like you are still comfortable with your range of guidance, but that does have a pretty wide range to it? So if the flu kept up with the level that we have seen a bit in January that youre comfortable with guidance but likely more towards the lower end of that $2.60 to $2.90 range?
Michael Neidorff: I think what we said is that we saw earlier more intense start in Q4 with the flu. We saw it continuing in January but weve also seen it start to tail off in the second, third week of January which is in earlier tail off than we have historically seen. And that  so we feel that we are appropriately refunded on the year and I'm not commenting or giving any consideration to the ranges, within the full range, I am not saying its at bottom end, or higher end of it. Its within the range and all the facts we have not seen a double peak historically, the twin peak in flu development, Mary Mason, our Chief Medical Officer will tell you. And so were comfortable with the guidance we had to this point and if we thought something else, wed tell you that.
William Scheffel: To date there are number of moving parts within the year for the whole years guidance. And at this point in time based on everything we see were comfortable maintain that guidance at this point.
Michael Neidorff: As Bill commented, you see the same-store new store, the new store has gone from 35% as we sit here today and tailing off towards the end of the year at 15% with improvement in the MLR. We gave some guidance 500 basis point swings in MLR between old and new. So all these things have been considered and we put the range out there to reflect the moving parts.
Scott Fidel  Deutsche Bank: And then just had a follow-up question on the Florida long-term care contracts. And just first, what are the initial length of the initial contracts that you are in discussions regarding Florida LTC? And then if the pricing does not prove to be sufficient, and just given some of the commentary that we have heard from your peers on this front, what would be the process through which potentially you would then have an opportunity to sort of renegotiate pricing? So basically how long is the initial term for the pricing and then how long is the overall initial term for the contracts?
Jesse Hunter: So weve got  as you expected in a lot of these contracts, the duration of the contract is multi-year and there is some flexibility on that front. But the pricing is annual pricing. So unlike what we have seen in Kentucky for example this will be an annual pricing kind of process that would be reflective and going through the actuarial assessment and determining actuarial soundness based on the performance of the program, and that could be both at the aggregate level and at the individual company level.
William Scheffel: We are in this product already in Florida and so other states. So we have some comfort level with it and we have been operating in Florida for several years working with the rate environment. And the issue of moving members to stay at home and community setting versus in a facility is the objective in these types of programs. And so were comfortable that particularly given that we participate in 10 regions, we have scale of this program within the state of Florida which allows us a little more room to maneuvre.
Michael Neidorff: I will also just add, going back to when we first won  the first bidding on RFP on Georgia and when (inaudible) they did it on price, they came through well on us. And there are other instances in the connector where they said all  its so low and were not giving the state back money, because of the surprise that was there. So there is a certain pattern when people dont win they talk about the ones that won did it on price. And there is enough history there to say that we are conservative and reasonable and experienced when it comes to that. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Brian Wright of Monnes Crespi & Hardt.
Brian Wright  Monnes Crespi & Hardt: Could you give us a little more details on the process of the -- I guess supplemental rate increase discussion at the state legislature in Texas?
Michael Neidorff: Once again Brian, weve had good  weve had very constructive discussion, it was back to them realizing what occurred in Q4, how it occurred and they have insurance about it. They have worked with us, they have put the numbers forward to the state and it is a wise man that stays out of the middle of those discussions. And I would not want to say were not being wise about it. And I appreciate what youre trying to do and I respect that but when legislation involves especially I can do is sit back and let the state who needs the funding deal with legislatures and not trying to express opinions on it. I am sure you understand that.
Brian Wright  Monnes Crespi & Hardt: I just wanted to make sure -- does the guidance assume any supplemental increase in Hidalgo?
Michael Neidorff: Yes, yes, we have confidence that the state recognizes it and it does assume appropriate supplemental funding to Hidalgo and appropriate action in the rural market as well.
Brian Wright  Monnes Crespi & Hardt: And just one last one if I can. When does the legislature finish the -- like when do they normally adjourn for this act (ph)
Michael Neidorff: Its the last week in March. Id just remind you if they passed it, then the state has to work through and through by service area, by sales and we would hope that they are able to get that information, and the amendments to the contracts with any stores, toward the end of the quarter. Whats important is that they will have dealt with it in an appropriate fashion. It all starts there.
Operator: Our next question will come from Scott Green of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Scott Green  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: First, just a follow-up on Florida. Looking at the RFP scores it looked like the technical scores for Centene were about average, but then you kind of leapfrogged some of your competitors during the invitation to negotiate process, which potentially implied that you were pricing lower. So I know in other markets you have explicitly talked about some utilization savings that were assumed. So is there any number like that you could give us for what utilization savings you assumed in Florida or how you might have been able to use your incumbent claims data to underwrite there just to get us more comfortable with the process?
Jesse Hunter: Yeah, I think one of the things thats important here obviously we are still relatively early with respect to the announcement and there is a lot of activity. I dont think theres total visibility on the technical scores on that the why. But we will continue to evaluate those things as we go through, as everybody else along the shore. But really the process that the state went through I think is important here and Michael referenced to the diligence that ACA went through, the state of Florida went through in this process. So there was the technical response. But there is also on a region specific basis oral presentations and that is candidly the best for us to represent our experience in serving this population, and I think that was ultimately reflective in the outcome of the scoring process. So there is both technical and then there is oral presentations where we think we did quite well. And then there is a pricing component and I think just to reinforce what you already know Scott that there was  this was not bid rates, there was a range that the state had provided. And so the state had set the actuarial range and there is really questions of where people came out within that range that was set by the state.
Michael Neidorff: You have also said upfront in asking the question, we have experienced in the market that we will be able to demonstrate to state what we can do in that market specifically. I think they have an appreciation of our systems and the capacity we have. We are managing higher acuity members and so all those things came into play and I think we had the  the large reception (ph) was the right outcome.
Scott Green  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And separately, could you tell us what the status is of the Georgia Medicaid contract? I thought the state might have been working to add a couple optional extension years, but I'm not sure. How long is that supposed to -- goes to the Georgia Medicaid contract?
Michael Neidorff: I dont know that they had to disclose anything to us specifically in terms of any extensions and the people, Rob and others who manage the existing market health plans figured they have not disclosed anything beyond what we know now. 
William Scheffel: It appears to be another year out still. Thats been that way for a couple of years.
Michael Neidorff: There is a fundamental that all states dont like to do (inaudible), they dont have to. Particularly have four months, working saving the money again part of the outcomes they want all those things that they tend to not want to do unless there is some procurement law that makes  there are some states that recognize the savings and have decided to expand it. As we see very aggressively Texas and others were glad to participate in that. So as it relates to Georgia its kind of stay tuned and you will probably know the same time as we do.
Scott Green  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So for now you are not expecting an RFP there in the area near term?
Michael Neidorff: The honest answer is I am not expecting one -- but I am not expecting one. I expect that the state to change its mind and do something based on its budget area issue and their fiscal year starts in July. So as they look at it they can make appropriate decisions. We will encourage them every chance we get to expand what they cover.
Scott Green  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Lastly, looking at the fourth quarter MLR if you exclude flu in Kentucky it looks like it would be a little bit above your 2013 guidance range. So maybe you could just walk us through the main drivers to get you from where you are in the fourth quarter 12 to the midpoint of your guidance, which is 88.5% for 13.
William Scheffel: I think the primary thing is that the rates in 2013 should be improved in Texas, it is our largest market, they have some pretty big impact, and just in general weve had rate increases will be applicable into the second half 2012, going into 2013 the whole year. And the fact that some of the older  the newer markets will start to mature and where weve had original margin built up and other things like that will no longer to be necessary. So we expect those to be more normalized margins.
Michael Neidorff: Yeah we were starting to see some normalization until 6000 plus members move from another plan to us off  9000 excuse me. And the state is well aware of that as we told you and they are evaluating appropriate rates and responses to it. So there were some moving parts that rolled into that Scott that made it little more difficult to get a straight comparison.
Operator: Our next question will come from Melissa McGinnis of Morgan Stanley.
Melissa McGinnis - Morgan Stanley: I know we spent a lot of time on the Texas rates today, but maybe just to ask the question a different way. Help us get comfortable with your guidance range, which is a range. How many months could you sustain receiving the current rate you are receiving and not put at risk your current guidance range?
Michael Neidorff: Did you say how many months would it be without any adjustment?
Melissa McGinnis - Morgan Stanley: Could you go through March with nothing, because you go through July with no update. In what way would it become a true risk to your guidance if there is not a typical lay (ph) on the legislature?
Michael Neidorff: Melissa, were in the middle of negotiating rates with the state and legislation. I could say anything other than we need them as soon as possible. I would not want to go beyond that. I mean weve asked to the states what we need and theyre responsible for timing and way. So we obviously will always work to minimize expense with the state, save them as money as we can do all the things they expect us to do. But well, no, you dont worry about it if you dont give us rates until June or July, thats not the case. We obviously are working with the state because we need the rate approved now.  By the way, they also recognize that and we fully expect them and the legislature to provide that rate adjustment. There is no reason to believe it wont happen.
Melissa McGinnis - Morgan Stanley: And then maybe a longer-term question. We are 11 months out now from the implementation of health reform. And Michael, from your perspective or your conversations with the state, do you think that on 1/1/14 there is going to be an orderly enough process whereby new Medicaid eligibles are all enrolled or enrolled in a very short period of time? Or is this something thats going to be more like an eight quarter or 12 quarter rollout to full implementation across like the newly eligible lag (ph)
Michael Neidorff: I think that  and our people managing this process have to presume that it will be ready to go 1/1/14. I dont think  they may delay some of the steps along the way, when weve had our internal discussion. But we expect that and have to work against and plan to be there for 1/1/. I think to not do that will be foolhardy. So we expect a 1/1/ implementation, were working very hard against it with the states, and the states are anticipating their reduced savings that they will get to the funding from the federal government 100% for that membership. So they have every reason to push it as fast and hard as they can. And the states were in absent one understand what's sound policy and what's a sustainable program and we think that those states will continue as they have, historically they have worked with us in a very responsible way.
Melissa McGinnis - Morgan Stanley: Sorry, I might have been a little bit unclear in what I was asking. Setting aside the risk that all of reform is delayed in some way out of state, what I really meant is like inside of Medicaid programs sometimes people who are eligible don't realize they are eligible sometimes until there is a medical event or something and they are in the ER and they get signed up for Medicaid. Do you think there is going to be enough public outreach to get the majority of eligibles enrolled assuming we have a 1/1/14 go live that they are in day one? Or is this going to be something that like seeing the enrollment as they realize it over a period of two to three years?
Michael Neidorff: I will let Jesse and others add to it but obviously the last time I saw was 12 million or more eligibles that are not enrolled in this country. So there will always be an element of that. But Jesse, what do you want to add in terms of ---
Jesse Hunter: No, Id say its a fair question and obviously (inaudible) great visibility on it at the moment. But I think its a reasonable expectation that given the amount of awareness and got more focused communications that will happen between now and 1/1/14 on a state specific basis I think there would be a higher kind of take up rate if you will out of the gate. But as Michael said, its certainly not going to be 100% out of the gate. Those things will continue to take hold over time as people become more aware of the programs and the moving parts associated with the programs and how it affects them personally. 
Operator: Our next question will come from David Sagalov of Jefferies.
David Sagalov - Jefferies: Thanks for taking my questions; I am just filling in for Windley while he is traveling. I had a follow-up kind of in terms of the guidance. It sounds like your updated guidance reflects incremental costs for both the flu and of course the Florida long-term care business expansion costs. So, I'm curious about what that suggests for the underlying guidance? Are you suggesting that the core business is improving enough to absorb those costs, or is it more of a factor that that guidance might be a little bit more biased to the low end of that range?
William Scheffel: I think that when we talk about guidance on December 14, there were questions about what  how much conservatism was built into our guidance numbers, and I think thats part of the issue here that we have a range for guidance and weve allowed for an estimate of $0.50 to $0.60 for example for business expansion costs and the long-term care program expansion costs included into that number now. And we do believe that the basic underlying businesses are sound and performing well. Flu, weve got some visibility to that right now for Q1 and feel comfortable with maintain our guidance given what we know at this point in time. And we feel for the whole year that the guidance numbers we gave are still the appropriate amounts to retain and the level of conservatism that we have built in I think allows us to retain that guidance. 
Michael Neidorff: I think just kind of answer the same thing in a slightly different way. On the flu, weve given you the substantiation of why we believe its adequately planned to this point in time because of the fact that it has peaked in these states that were going to look at. We did anticipate in December winning some of the long-term care where we currently operate, have a current operation and we plan the $0.60 expense to bring it up because long-term care does have more nurses, more case managers, I think we have the experience to know what that is when we plan for. So I would say the guidance as is out there reflects what we thought then and we see no reason to change it at this point in time.
David Sagalov - Jefferies: So you are saying -- when you gave your mid-December guidance that you had contemplated some potential buildout for the Florida long-term care even though it wasn't announced at that point?
Michael Neidorff: Right. You have to make certain assumptions and we were much more comfortable doing that than coming in.
William Scheffel: As we just said the $0.50 to $0.60 that we had for business expansion costs included a number of known things, it also included placeholders for a other things that were in process and little bit of the unknown to be determined.
David Sagalov - Jefferies: If we could just circle back to the quarterly progressions, especially kind of looking at the first quarter and thinking obviously higher flu costs this year. But is there some easing in some way on Kentucky or are there other factors to help offset that or just to help directionally? Are we certainly looking at something that should be down year over year? Are there any other offsets that would help get that closer to perhaps being flat year over year?
Michael Neidorff: Of course, its our policy to give annual guidance as opposed to quarterly and so our help (ph)  Bill, I think you can add to it but I am going to say weve said that we are maintain annual guidance, we are saying that there are some  there were some incremental expenses in Q1 that we believe will be offset during the course of the year. And I think that summarized what we already said.
William Scheffel: I think that Q1 has a number of open factors with respect when tax rates are going to be impacted, so thats part of the biggest question of just timing. We believe it will be in there for the full year but how much is required in Q1 and it will depend on the actions taken and how everything tied up there.
Michael Neidorff: It goes back to that issue of are they going to approve everything else but when -- it has to be signed, sealed and delivered for revenue recognition purposes. And we anticipate the state understands that would do all they can to do to achieve it but in the interest of candor, you can see something swinging from quarter to quarter but on the full year we expect it will be there.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen that will conclude our question and question session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Michael Neidorff for closing remarks.
Michael Neidorff: Well, I thank you and as I have said  as I said at the investor day 12 is behind us, it was from a growth standpoint and positioning us for 13 will prove to be a very good year from that perspective and we are really looking forward to reporting and believe were well-positioned for 13. So well talk to you in another three months or so. Take care and thank you.
Operator: Thank you sir. The conference has now concluded. We thank you for attending todays presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-23 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Ed Kroll  SVP-Finance and IR Michael Neidorff  Chairman, President and CEO William Scheffel  EVP and CFO
Analysts: Peter Costa  Wells Fargo Securities Chris Rigg  Susquehanna Ralph Giacobbe  Credit Suisse Joshua Raskin  Barclays Capital Sarah James  Wedbush Justin Lake  JP Morgan Scott Fidel  Deutsche Bank Carl McDonald  Citigroup David Windley  Jefferies & Company Brian Wright  Monnes Crespi & Hardt Scott Green  Bank of America Merrill Lynch Michael Baker  Raymond James 
Operator:  Good morning and welcome to the Centene Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) After todays presentation there will be an opportunity to ask questions. (Operator Instructions) Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ed Kroll. Please go ahead.
Ed Kroll: Thank you, operator and good morning, everyone. Im Ed Kroll, Senior Vice President, Finance and Investor Relations for Centene Corporation. Michael Neidorff, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Bill Scheffel, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Centene Corporation, will host this mornings call. The call is expected to last approximately 45 minutes and may also be accessed throughout our website at Centene.com. A replay will be available shortly after this calls completion also at Centene.com or by dialing 877-344-7529 in the U.S. and Canada or from other countries 412-317-0088. The playback number for both dial in, both replays is 100 188 06. Any remarks that Centene may make about future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provision under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors including those discussed in Centenes Form 10-Q dated October 23, 2012, today and other public SEC filings. Centene anticipates that subsequent events and developments will cause its estimates to change. While the company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. With that, Id like to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Michael Neidorff. Michael?
Michael Neidorff: Thank you, Ed. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining Centenes third quarter earnings call. This morning I will provide an update on the issues discussed at our June Investor Day and on our second quarter earnings call. I will then briefly discuss our quarterly results and certain macro issues, before turning the call over to Bill for detailed financial results. Let me begin with Kentucky. Our focus has been and will continue to be one that our members receive the highest quality of care by the most cost-effective means. Two, that our provider networks receive fair compensation. Three, the plans meet statutory financial requirements. And finally, our shareholders receive a fair return on the capital employed. We are proud of the positive improvements in health care outcomes we achieved in Kentucky. These include a 94% decrease in doctor shopping for narcotics; a 53% increase in hemoglobin A1C testing for diabetes; a 30% reduction in pharmacy costs; a 30% decrease in one-day hospital admissions; a 30% increase in well-child visits; a 23% reduction in hospital re-admissions and a 17% decrease in medical surgery costs. In our two decades working with states, this is the first time we have failed to achieve a partnership with a state. We have experienced significantly higher than expected medical cost in Kentucky. This is due to an unprecedented amount of retroactively assigned members. Secondly, fraud risk adjustment methodologies, thirdly, policies that are inconsistent with a successful managed Medicaid program, and finally, significant data book issues. We have tried to work with the state on these issues and while Kentucky has offered some changes, they were not enough to cover the higher than expected costs. I might add that this is not only Centenes issue. It is our understanding based on statutory filings that the three plans combined lost just under $300 million in the first half of 2012. We believe this raises serious concerns about the sustainability of the program. Our Kentucky experience has taught us to be cautious with states that are, using managed care for the first time. Yesterday, we filed a lawsuit in Franklin Circuit Court against the Commonwealth of Kentucky seeking declaratory relief as a result of the Commonwealths failure to completely and accurately disclose material information. As expressed in our press release, we will use and exhaust all available administrative and legal remedies to ensure the review of our grievances with the state. We believe we have a strong case, but will not comment further while these legal matters are pending. Next, lets discuss Texas. Our Margin Improvement plan for the Hidalgo expansion area is proceeding as expected, including the increased STAR+PLUS business we took on in the last two months of the quarter. Our HBR in Hidalgo is tracking in the mid 90% range. Our medical management efforts have gained traction, and we continue to move towards normalizing margins in Hidalgo in 2013. We previously indicated that we expected a 3.7% state-wide rate increase. Due to member mix, we received 4% effective September 1. Now for an update on Celtic, in June we reported a high level of medical costs in our Celtic individual business. Our corrective actions to improve performance included a new national network contract, which took effect July 1. We are also putting in place targeted rate increases in the second half of 2012. Our HBR has improved from over 100% in Q2 to the high 80s in Q3. I would remind you that our Hybrid Celtic business in Massachusetts is performing in line with expectations and is not experiencing the same margin pressures we have reported in the balance of the Celtic book. Next, third quarter financials, GAAP EPS for the third quarter was $0.07 per diluted share. As you can see on Page 1 of our press release, this is comprised of several components. Earnings from operations excluding Kentucky are $0.78. Third quarter loss in Kentucky operations is $0.31. This resulted in adjusted earnings of $0.47, which is in line with the forecast incorporated into our previously communicated annual guidance. The other three items, the $0.69 Kentucky premium deficiency reserves, the $0.21 gain on sales of investments and the state tax relief of $0.08. Premium and service revenue growth was strong in the third quarter, increasing 75% year-over-year to $2.2 billion. We ended the quarter with 2.5 million members, representing an increase of 55% year-over-year. This included a Medicaid membership increase of 63% to 1.9 million, ABD membership increase of 126% to 76,900 lives; long-term care membership increased 66% to 7,800 members. Medicare membership increased 29% to 4,000 members. As you can see, we have continued the growth of our high acuity membership which will be beneficial as more states move long-term care, ABD and dual-eligible recipients in the managed care program. The third quarter HBR came in at 93.3% compared to 85% in the third quarter of 2011. However, excluding the impact of the Kentucky operations, the HBR is 88.7%. The 370 basis point year-over-year HBR increase is mainly due to new markets, including the Texas expansion, as well as the Commonwealth of Missouri, Washington on July 1 and the phase-in of Louisiana between February and June of 2012. The Missouri and Washington launches are tracking in line with our expectations. We expect relative stability in the Missouri membership going forward. Washington should ramp up to over 50,000 lives by the end of 2012. Now a brief discussion of our rate outlook. Our composite rate increase for the first nine months of 2012 was approximately 2%. While Georgia and Florida are yet to be determined, we believe the full year of 2012 rate increase will come in at 2%. Now moving to a couple macro issues. Our views of the election outcome and the effect on managed care have not changed. Regardless of the election results and the fate of the ACA, we believe Centene is well positioned to maintain significant growth. States continue to move recipients out of the fee-for-service and into managed care. We remain committed to helping states effectively manage their beneficiaries health outcomes while reducing expenses. The growth outlook remains more robust than ever with an approximately $45 billion pipeline through the end of 2013. We expect our new Kansas brand to commence operations January 1, 2013, and New Hampshire to begin late in the first quarter of 2013. We are pleased that Ohio selected Centene to serve Medicaid members in a dual-eligible demonstration project. This is set to commence in the second half of 2013 and is our first major dual-eligible contract. We continue to believe we are well positioned for future opportunities in this category. Centene is preparing for the 2014 Medicaid expansion and continues to have conversations with states on future hybrid and exchange opportunities. We look forward to our December 14, 2012, meeting in New York City when we will provide guidance for 2013. I will now turn the call over to Bill, who will provide further details on the third quarter of 2012 financial results. Bill.
William Scheffel: Thank you, Michael, and good morning. For the third quarter we have provided the detail of the component of our results in our press release, and Michael has covered these at a high level in his comments. I will address each of the items included in the press release table as I go through our financial results in more detail. For the third quarter of 2012 premium and service revenues were $2.2 billion compared to $1.3 billion in 2011 an increase of 75% year over year. The $950 million increase reflects the addition of four new states between years along with the Arizona and Texas expansions and the Ohio pharmacy carve-in in the fourth quarter last year. Premium tax was approximately $200 million higher in the third quarter of this year compared to last year, as one of our states paid us approximately $180 million during the quarter to immediately pass through to specified providers. Our reported health benefits ratio was 93.3% for the third quarter. Our HBR, excluding Kentucky, was 88.7% with Kentucky increasing the consolidated HBR by 460 basis points. This is due to a third quarter HBR of approximately 115% in Kentucky before the premium deficiency reserve, resulting in the operating loss of $0.31 per share and the recording of a $63 million premium deficiency reserve or $0.69 a share. As discussed in our release and in Michaels comments, we have taken actions to terminate the Kentucky contract effective in early July 2013. Our premium deficiency reserve calculations assume that we will operate at approximately the same level between now and July 5, 2013, adjusted for expected changes in the program such as decreases in revenue from risk adjustment. The premium deficiency reserve will be released over the next three quarters including approximately one third in the fourth quarter of 2012. Looking at Texas, our largest market, we received a 4% overall rate increase effective September 1st. And as we discussed at our Investor Day in June, we have been working to reduce the higher utilization levels seen in the March 1st expansion areas particularly the Hidalgo service area. For the third quarter our HBR in the Hidalgo service area was in the mid 90s and this includes the cost incurred in mid August and September from the members we added as a result of consumers switching plans due to dissatisfaction with their previous managed care organization. At Celtic, we reported a lower HBR in the third quarter compared to the second quarter as a result of a change to a lower cost provider network and other actions. We also have implemented or applied for a rate increase in a number of states. In summary we believe the actions we discussed during our Investor Day in June have been substantially implemented, and coupled with the recording of the Kentucky premium deficiency reserve demonstrate that we are addressing the issues which have developed in 2012. Sequentially, our HBR excluding Kentucky decreased from 91.1% in Q2 to 88.7% in Q3, a decrease of 240 basis points. This reflects overall improvements in most of our operations, particularly in Texas and in Celtic between quarters, offset somewhat by an increase in Georgias HBR related to an adjustment to account for changes in the third quarter in the states handling of premium adjustments related to retroactive membership deletions. Our general and administrative expense ratio was 8.2% for the third quarter compared to 11.3% in the third quarter last year and 8.2% in the second quarter of 2012. The decrease in the GNA between years reflects the additional leverage we have gained through our revenue increase along with lower performance-based compensation expense, which lowers our G&A ratio in the third quarter by approximately 50 basis points. Our investment and other income was $23.2 million in the third quarter this year compared to $2.7 million in last years third quarter. The increase is a result of two items, which generated $0.21 of benefit in the third quarter. First, we recorded a gain of $17.9 million related to a convertible note agreement which we entered into in 2008 with a third party to provide funds for investments in Medicaid and Medicare related businesses. During the third quarter we reached agreement to sell our interest in this investment for a specified amount. The investment is secured by the underlying operating businesses. The second item relates to a gain of $1.5 million we recorded in the third quarter from the liquidation of approximately $75 million of investments held by our Georgia Health Plan. As discussed during the second quarter, we had receivables of $221 million at June 30 from the state of Georgia, primarily as a result of the deferral of our capitation payments. During third quarter we received additional capitation payments from the state of Georgia, which reduced our receivables to approximately $100 million at September 30, which reflects one month of capitation payment along with receivables from the State for deliveries and other items. Interest expense was $4.9 million in the third quarter compared to $4.6 million in the same quarter last year, reflecting higher average borrowings. Our income tax line item reflects a benefit of $9.5 million for the third quarter this year compared to expense of $18.5 million in Q3 of 2011. We expect to have an effective tax rate of approximately 40% for 2012. We have a pre-tax loss in Q2 and Q3 but an anticipated profit for the full-year. Additionally, the third quarter benefited by approximately $4.6 million, or $0.08 per share, from a clarification from one of our States which applied to several open tax years related to items included in the State income tax calculation. Our earnings for diluted share was $0.07 for the third quarter compared to $0.55 in the same period last year. Excluding the Kentucky operations and the investment gains in State tax benefit, our earnings for diluted share from operations was $0.78 for the quarter. At September 30 we had cash, investments and restricted deposits of $1.5 billion, including $36 million held by unregulated entities. We have estimated our risk based capital percentage, excluding Kentucky, to be in excess of 350% of the authorized control level at September 30. For Kentucky we expect to maintain the minimum required capital level. Our total debt was $395 million which included $40 million of borrowings under our revolver. Our debt-to-capital ratio was 25% at September 30, excluding our non-recourse mortgage note. The medical claims liability totaled $919 million at quarter end, an increase of $311 million from December 31. Our days in claims payable, calculated without the expense and liability for the premium deficiency reserve, was 42.8 days compared to 41.4 days at June 30. Our cash flow from operations was $317 million for the third quarter. The large increase this quarter reflects the decrease in the Georgia receivables and prepayment of approximately $120 million for fourth quarter capitation payments from other States. For 2012 annual guidance, we have updated our numbers as follows: premium and service revenues $8.1 billion to $8.3 billion; diluted earnings per share on a GAAP basis $0.56 to $0.66; consolidated health benefits ratio 90% to 91%; general and administrative expense ratio 8.5% to 8.8%; and diluted shares outstanding 53.6 million to 53.8 million shares. Our EPS guidance reflects actual results for the first three quarters, including the impairment charge for Celtic of approximately $0.50 that we took in the second quarter. And the third quarter items discussed this morning, including the $0.69 charge of the premium deficiency reserve and the $0.29 in benefits from the sales and investments from the state tax benefit. Approximately one third of the premium deficiency reserve is expected to reverse in the fourth quarter. Compared to the guidance we gave during our second quarter call, operations other than Kentucky have performed slightly above expectations. While Kentuckys results have deteriorated due to additional retroactive assignment of members and an unfavorable risk adjustment change beginning October 1, these items have been considered in calculating our premium deficiency reserve. Our implied fourth quarter guidance for EPS is $0.70 to $0.80 per diluted share. During the fourth quarter we expect to incur $0.12 to $0.15 for business expansion costs, including startup costs for Kansas, which is slated to begin January 1. This compares to $0.07 per share for business expansion costs in Q3. In addition, we anticipate incurring $0.04 of exit costs in Q4 for Kentucky related to severance and retention accruals. Operator, you may now open the line for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Peter Costa of Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Peter Costa  Wells Fargo Securities:  Thanks, guys. Thanks for all the detail on the call. Can you go through a little bit whats in that premium deficiency charge, just in terms of the overall size of it? If in the quarter Kentucky cost you $0.31 and going forward youve only got $0.69 in the premium deficiency charge, why isnt it  its got to carry you for three quarters. Why isnt there a larger charge there at this point? Whats the improvement that youre expecting to see?
Michael Neidorff:  Bill?
Bill Scheffel:  Sure. I think the main thing thats happened is in the third quarter we continued to see a high level of retroactive assignment of members and so we had unfavorable development in the third quarter, which we had to accrue for from almost inception to date. Even in September we continued to see members assigned to us from November of 2011. So what we did in calculating the premium deficiency reserve, we utilized the HBR calculation that weve experienced through the life of the program to date, factoring out development from month or quarter to quarter, then that HBR is actually slightly higher in our PDR calculation for now through the end of June 2013. We know theres certain changes in the program that are occurring, and we included those in there, but overall we believe that the $0.69 that weve accrued for in our premium deficiency reserve reflects our best estimate of what the costs will be between now and July 5.
Peter Costa  Wells Fargo Securities:  Then just a follow-up to that, if I subtract the one-time items in this quarter away from your full year GAAP guidance, your new GAAP guidance is on the lower side of the range that you gave before, which from your conversation sounds like the thing that under performed here is Kentucky, and that Texas and the Celtic business both improved a little bit. So why arent we seeing a better improvement than in the fourth quarter, given that you now have the premium deficiency charge than where we would have otherwise been based on your full-year guidance? Part of it I guess would be explained by the $0.04 of costs from the exit costs from Kentucky. Then can you talk about those exit costs? Will they carry into next year? Just go through that for me a little bit; help me with the math.
Bill Scheffel:  Sure. Let me see if I can cover all of that. First Ill start with the exit costs, in our 10-Q that was filed this morning there was a discussion of exit costs that will be incurred between October 1 and all of 2013. These, primarily, relate to severance and retention accruals and lease-termination costs. Those costs are not included in the premium deficiency reserve calculation; rather theyre expended in the period for which they occur. So severance would generally be expensed in the period that you make those promises, which we would say is the fourth quarter of 2012, and retention bonuses would be expensed over the service period, which would be between now and end of June, July, whenever people stay through. So that goes  and the least costs cant be expensed until you  through using the facility thats available for others. So those costs weve estimated I think $5 million to $7 million will be incurred between now and the end of 2013. About half of that would be included in Q4. With respect to business expansion costs, I think we said $0.12 to $0.15 in Q4, a lot of that for Kansas, and that compares with $0.07 in Q3. So its quite a bit higher in Q4. I think youre right in the basic premise that Kentuckys performed worse than we included in our prior assumptions in our guidance numbers. And weve picked that up in our PDR calculation. I think that the $0.70 to $0.80 range for Q4 adjusted for the business expansion costs and the exit costs, really any differential on that is the Kentucky operations.
Peter Costa  Wells Fargo Securities:  Okay. Although the business expansion you had given previous guidance of that being $0.20 to $0.22, I think, in the second half of the year. Youre a little bit below that overall, I guess, because New Hampshire has been pushed out a little bit, but it seems like that would have actually helped you in the fourth quarter.
Bill Scheffel:  Yeah, it is. And Im really thinking of if we had $0.78 in Q3 from operations excluding the onetime and the Kentucky operations compared to the 70 to 80 in Q4. If you adjust for the differential in business expansion costs and exit costs and you pick up the fact that HBR is generally a little higher in Q4 than it is in Q3. Thats how we come up with our estimate.
Peter Costa  Wells Fargo Securities:  Okay. Are you counting anything for legal costs in there in case the state sues you?
Bill Scheffel:  We have estimates for legal costs in our numbers, yes.
Peter Costa  Wells Fargo Securities:  Okay. Thank you.
Operator:  The next question comes from Chris Rigg of Susquehanna. Please go ahead.
Chris Rigg  Susquehanna:  Hi. Good morning. Thanks a lot. Just on the, I guess, are you guys fairly confident that you can indeed contractually get out of Kentucky. I mean, how can you help us feel a little better that this isnt going to end up in a long drawn-out legal battle where you cant get out by mid-2013?
Michael Neidorff:  Chris, Id like to talk more about it, but as I included in my script, we have now filed suit yesterday in the Circuit Court in Franklin County, and on that basis, its policy, practice and wise to make no further comments.
Chris Rigg  Susquehanna:  Okay. So then, changing gears, when we think about you guys incentive compensation, at what margin, prospectively, do you guys start accruing comp for the management team, and how does that equate to a net margin on a GAAP basis for the overall company?
Michael Neidorff:  Well, we have several matrix that we look at, and various compensation is evaluated with different programs, long term, short term. Your short term is very much based on the EPS. The elements of long term are, one of them that well be using more and more in the future is total share holder return compared to a peer group that will be identified in our next proxy statement. So theres a series of measures we use for different aspects of it. So in the case of the stock, its very much EPS. In the case of short-term, theres an EPS and margin aspect to it and then long-term is total share holder return, the arrow tip.
Chris Rigg  Susquehanna:  Okay. Well, just to  in a more simplified way, so theres no incentive comp for the management team this year, at least at senior corporate level. I guess in a normal year, what type  given your run rate now, how much of  how many basis points of margin pressure would the incentive comp have on overall margin?
Bill Scheffel:  I think maybe the simplest way to explain that is youre correct; in 2012 we reduced our performance-based compensation. We still have stock comp expense in there for RSUs and things like that that have been granted and theyre not performance-based. But for 2013 we would estimate 50 basis points of costs for performance-based compensation and we anticipate including those costs in our guidance that we will provide in December when were making that presentation in New York.
Michael Neidorff:  Yeah, just a further guidance issue, you can go back to our discussion of compensation in the last proxy, half of the stock awarded is performance-based and that has been forfeited as a result of the outcome of Q2 in the year for the senior officers. As it should be. I mean, nobodys  the previous year was a good year. We did well this year, has been a difficult year for various reasons and we dont change the rules. They are what they are.
Chris Rigg  Susquehanna:  Okay. Great. Thanks so much.
Operator:  The next question comes from Ralph Giacobbe of Credit Suisse. Please, go ahead.
Ralph Giacobbe  Credit Suisse:  Thanks. Good morning. I just  maybe  and I understand youre going to give 2013 guidance shortly, but I think in previous calls youd talked about a 280 number being a relevant and decent, jumping-off point or starting point. Does that change at all in terms of thought process with Kentucky out? And then maybe just talk about the top-line growth opportunities given new contracts in Kansas, the Ohio duals and the annualized new business in 2012.
Michael Neidorff:  I think relative to the previous comments made, you all can get to the year end run rates. Bills made it pretty clear what the guidance is and thats what everybody based their last call on, so Im not going to change that any. And relative to the growth, that is a subject for December 14th, and Im not going to speculate ahead of that. Thats the purpose of that particular meeting.
Ralph Giacobbe  Credit Suisse:  Okay. Fair enough. And then you started new business in Washington, Missouri during 3Q. Just help us in terms how MLRs tracking there and how your experience has been there so far.
Michael Neidorff:  Well, we gave the insight into membership, which is consistent. And the MLR we always booked at a higher level in the 90s, as weve talked about historically for the first two, three quarters of new business. So weve been consistent with that. So nothings changed there.
Bill Scheffel:  Yeah. I think its performing in line with our expectations for those two markets at this point.
Ralph Giacobbe  Credit Suisse:  Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator:  The next question comes from Josh Raskin of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Joshua Raskin  Barclays:  Hi. Thanks.
Michael Neidorff:  Good morning.
Joshua Raskin  Barclays:  Good morning, Michael. Have you had any discussions with your current state partners around the situation in Kentucky? And be curious to see any feedback in how you juxtapose that with your 20-year track record versus your nine-month track record in one specific state?
Michael Neidorff:  Yeah, I will  Ill make only one comment. We believe in good, open discussions. The states we operate in already pardons and works with us. I think you take Texas or any of them; theyre good examples of how when therere issues we sit down at the table and are able to resolve it, not just for us, but for the industry. So thats why they have sustainable programs. And clearly when this was unfolding we had solid communications with our current states and those that well be entering. And weve already won contracts next year. So that has been received. They understand it and they continue to work effectively with us. They see it as purely a Kentucky issue.
Joshua Raskin  Barclays:  Okay. And I guess in terms of looking back at recent RFPs that you guys have been successful in, is there a part of that RFP response that you think you would have to address Kentucky had this happened earlier? I mean it doesnt sound like theres been any legal proceedings against you or anything like that. So Im not sure where or why you would have to bring it up. But is there any reason you think this could be included in future bids?
Michael Neidorff:  No. I mean I  I mean its  we have no trouble discussing it. We  its very clear. Anybody can get a copy of the complaints weve filed yesterday and understand what the issues are. So I think I have no trouble with that. Its very clear whats occurred there. And we had hoped that the state wouldve sat down with us and resolve it as every other state weve ever worked with has done. But beyond that I dont want to get into it, Josh, because of the litigation.
Joshua Raskin  Barclays:  Thats fair. And then maybe last question, I dont know if Bill has this handy, but Mississippi and Louisiana, especially Louisiana a decent size state, any impact from Hurricane Isaac in terms of volumes or impact there in your utilization this winter?
Bill Scheffel:  Nothing noticeable.
Joshua Raskin  Barclays:  Okay.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Sarah James of Wedbush. Please go ahead.
Sarah James  Wedbush:  Thank you. I wanted to think a little bit about startup costs here. As Josh had mentioned, you guys have been very successful. Youve won about six contracts starting in the second half of this year to 2013 and its about $0.40 to $0.47 so far in startup costs that have been mentioned in 2012, though wondering how much of that was in the quarter and what do we know so far from contracts that youve already won where the startup costs will continue on into early 2013.
Bill Scheffel:  In my comments I said we incurred about $0.07 in Q3 for startup costs and wed talked I think at the end of the second quarter about $0.20 to $0.22 for the second half and so were seeing $0.12 to $0.15 in Q4, and most of that is for Kansas, which will start up January 1. Theres a smaller level for New Hampshire which starts later in 2013 and then 2013 we would expect to continue to have business expansion costs from the Ohio expansion and duals going on in addition to whatever else comes out. So we will include a good estimate for business expansion costs for 2013 when we prepare our budget.
Michael Neidorff:  We give a lot more transparency than of course, Ohio, the duals were already in that state so thats important, but I think once again, Sarah, the time to talk about that in more detail is on the 14th.
Sarah James  Wedbush: Sure. I appreciate that, I was just trying to get a big, clear picture of where the run rate is right now. My other question is that it looks like Ohio may have been pushed back again, I think in the release you mentioned second half of 2013. If you have a specific month and can you speak to the reason that (inaudible).
Michael Neidorff:  No. There is no specific timing. Jesse, anything you want to add?
Jesse Hunter:  No. I think, Sarah, youre right. It has  theres some movement in the date with respect to that. We mentioned second half for 2012 and obviously theres  Ohios on the front end of these two holds demonstration programs, working with both the State and the CMS level so theres a lot to be done there and that works in process but we cant be more specific than second half at this point.
Michael Neidorff:  I think its positive. We like it when the state is in  when states recognize in our rate and go to either the given point in time and they work with us on when the effective date should be, that way theyre  it gets off to a good start.
Sarah James  Wedbush:  Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator:  The next question comes from Justin Lake of JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Justin Lake  JP Morgan:  Thanks. Good morning. First on the Kentucky exit, your contract includes a fee to exit early, I believe. Can you go over that from a potential cost perspective? And whether you would expect to have to pay this fee if youre successful in court?
Michael Neidorff:  I think as I said, I really dont want to talk about it, because of the court case. Im not going to preclude one way or the other something without going through the steps that are laid out in court. Im not going to give somewhere or presume somethings not there. Its not an appropriate discussion. I wish I could talk more about it, but that case is filed.
Justin Lake  JP Morgan:  Okay. Can you walk us through your capital needs for Kentucky in terms of exiting there? Do you think that will be net cash positive if you walk away? Then can you just give us an update on where you are from a capital perspective, thinking out lets say through the end of next year what your needs might be?
Bill Scheffel:  I think with respect to Kentucky, we are committed to maintain the required capital levels in Kentucky through our exit, which would be July of 2013. Therell be some runoff that has to occur for several months. Typically, weve had this experience in a couple of states, we will get our statutory capital back at the end of the period when weve paid down most of the claims and worked with a particular department of insurance for purposes of paying back dividends. I think with respect to our overall capital needs, as we said, right now we are maintaining a 350% RBC level. In the rest of our book of business we forecast out our requirements based on the large growth that weve had, and we continue to believe that we have available to us through both earnings and our credit lines sufficient capital to meet our requirements in the near term.
Justin Lake  JP Morgan:  Okay. And the near term would be for the end of next year?
Michael Neidorff:  Yeah. I think you look out over the next few quarters and I think youll  there are other RFPs coming up. So based on what is known today, its different near term, thats fine. Thats a quarter or two. As we add new business, then we look at it, and we look at our debt capacity, because we obviously prefer debt, and well continue to work with that basis in cash flow from our operations, which have thrown off decent cash. So I think to get beyond that, we may have more clarity in December. I would hope we have several RFPs pending, so all that will influence us. So trying to speculate beyond that gets precarious and can mislead.
Justin Lake  JP Morgan:  Okay. Can I just ask one follow-up and Ill jump off?
Michael Neidorff:  Sure.
Justin Lake  JP Morgan:  The  thinking about the fourth quarter, where you are now versus what you were  what you were talking about after Q2, the  in the second quarter I think you had told us the 70% number, and that obviously included the Kentucky losses. So if we just assume they were about $0.20 for the run rate and call that the ex-Kentucky number wouldve been $0.90. Right now youre guiding to a midpoint of about $0.75, and I know theres about $0.04 of headwind from the Kentucky exit. But that still leaves us about a dime short. And Im just wondering if you can identify what that dime was. I think it relates back to Petes question. I just want to make sure Im clear on it. Is there some higher tax rate or is there any other higher tax rate or is there any other one-time item there? Because youre talking about operations being better and yet it looks like theres something missing there.
Bill Scheffel: I think most, if not all of the differential is related to Kentucky. I think as we were preparing our calculations for the second half of 2012 when we made our presentation in June there was an assumption that what was going to be happening in Kentucky during the course of the year. There would be certain improvements. We were going to get a rate increase July 1. And so I think the basic issue is youre probably overestimating how much we had in the fourth quarter for the Kentucky loss. So, when you added $0.20 back to $0.70 I dont know that that was a good starting point for a run rate.
Justin Lake  JP Morgan:  Okay. So it was probably closer to $0.10 than $0.20 in your mind.
Bill Scheffel:  I think that I  I think thats more reasonable.
Justin Lake  JP Morgan:  Okay. Great. Perfect. Thanks a lot.
Operator:  The next question comes from Scott Fidel of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Scott Fidel  Deutsche Bank:  Thanks. Just wanted to continue on that topic, and just relevant to the 4Q. So should we basically assume that therell be around a $0.23 contribution from the beginning of the reversal of the premium deficiency accrual? So if we take around one third of what youve approved in the third quarter?
Bill Scheffel:  Yes. I think thats a reasonable assumption. And I think from our calculations that would for the most part cover Kentucky. It may not cover the exit costs, which we talked about being $0.04 in Q4. But for the rest of the operations the reversal of the premium deficiency reserve in Q4 should cover the estimated operating loss in Kentucky.
Scott Fidel  Deutsche Bank:  Okay. And then how should we think about days and claims payable in the fourth quarter, just given that youll start to drawdown some of that accrual? Should we think about DCP coming down? Or are there additional claim reserves that youll be establishing that will offset that?
Bill Scheffel:  Well, the DCP number that we provided excluded the impact of the expense and the reserve for the PDR. And so I dont know that that number would change drastically. It goes up a day or down a day in any quarter. So I wouldnt expect to be any significant change from Kentucky being in there until next summer, if that causes any impact in the overall DCP numbers. So I would expect it to stay in the same levels we are, which is the low 40s.
Scott Fidel  Deutsche Bank:  Okay. Got it. So core DCP should be in the low 40s in the fourth quarter?
Bill Scheffel:  Yep.
Scott Fidel  Deutsche Bank:  Okay. Then just a separate topic, just interested in what if anything you guys have been hearing around the industry tax? And how that will be addressed, either from the states or the federal government on any developments in terms of how theyre thinking about building in the industry tax into Medicaid rates in 2014?
Michael Neidorff:  Weve had our Washington office has had multiple conversations, both sides of the isles, both houses. They understand the issue. I think theres a lot of issues. If the ACA stands, the outcome of the election, and youre not getting a lot of people committing one way or the other, but they clearly understand it. Theres a large group that have signed onto the necessary modifications. But we can talk more about it when we get through the election in Q1 of next year, because I think no matter what happens, both sides will agree that if ACA stands, theres a lot of changes that need to be made to it to get it sustainable.
Scott Fidel  Deutsche Bank:  Okay. And then just one last question, on the ABD MLR, it looked like that continued to creep up to 97.3%. Do you have what that is excluding Kentucky? And really just interested here, because obviously mix of business wise ABD will continue to grow, especially as we get into the dual. So just wanted to know whats putting the upward pressure on the ABD MLR? Is that all Kentucky? Or is that still some of the effect of Hidalgo? Or are there any other markets as well that are pushing the ABD MLR? Thanks.
Bill Scheffel:  I think its both. The Kentucky is in the overall number, because theres quite a bit of SSI in there. I think Hidalgo is also, increase is the overall number compared to what we have in other states. So those two items probably account for most of the differential.
Scott Fidel  Deutsche Bank:  Okay. Thank you.
Operator:  The next question is from Carl McDonald of Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Carl McDonald  Citigroup:  Thank you. The open enrollment period in Kentucky just ended three days ago. Id be interested if you have any update on what your membership will look like in the fourth quarter? If not, the membership that youve assumed in setting the premium deficiency reserve for fourth quarter and first half of next year?
Bill Scheffel:  I dont think we have insight at this point in time in terms of any real changes in the membership numbers as the result of open enrollment. In our premium deficiency reserve calculations, we did not assume that there would be a significant decrease in membership between now and the end of June. Anything is possible, but our calculations did not take that into account.
Carl McDonald  Citigroup:  Okay. Second question would be just the thought process a quarter ago in not disclosing the $50 million premium deficiency reserve that youd established in Kentucky. I recognize it was just for the Health Plan business rather than consolidated Kentucky, but $50 million a decent size number also a pretty high profile topic. I wanted to understand the thinking around that?
Bill Scheffel:  The premium, we have premium deficiency reserves for statutory purposes in several of our plans from time to time. Weve never really talked about what a statutory PDR calculation or what that implies, because theres a number of things that go into that that wash out in the consolidation. So we look at it always from a GAAP standpoint, and thats what we disclose on. So if we have a premium deficiency reserve for GAAP purposes, we would disclose that. This is really I think the first time weve had a GAAP premium deficiency reserve, which was for Kentucky, and we discussed this I do believe at the end of the second quarter. We looked at that for purposes, and at that point we presumed over the life of the contract we would still break even. Obviously the results in the third quarter worsened and it didnt appear that there was going to be any improvement, and weve taken the actions that we have taken, and as a result of that, we did our calculations again in the third quarter and recorded the amounts that we did at this time.
Michael Neidorff:  I think whats also important, Carl, is right up until the point in time that we announced the PDR, we were in discussions with the state on some changes to the program that had they agreed to would have completely turned around the way things are done, not just for us, but for everybody to get that sustainable program. So as a result, there were some things we thought were particularly ourselves, but typically so  once we saw that those were going nowhere we very quickly calculated the PDR and got it out.
Carl McDonald  Citigroup:  The $200 million in capital contributions that youre expecting to make in the fourth quarter, is that just for new markets? Or does that include capital that we go into Kentucky as well?
Bill Scheffel:  That would be for all markets. Some of thats for Kentucky. A lot of it would be for Texas, where given the significant growth in Texas as we increase our trailing 12 months revenue that statutory requirement goes up every quarter.
Carl McDonald  Citigroup:  And then to follow on Justins question, any sense at this point of how much of that $200 million will come from ongoing operations or existing cash versus what we should expect for a debt increase in the fourth quarter?
Bill Scheffel:  Well, at this time we dont project out what our borrowings will be from quarter to quarter. We do believe well have a significant level of earnings in Q4 and that we would be able to have availability on the revolver to fund the differential there.
Michael Neidorff:  With some cushion remaining. Its not a case of running the debt to the maximum. So, we still are in a  well be in a strong balance sheet position at the end of the year, is our forecast.
Carl McDonald  Citigroup:  Okay. Thank you.
Operator:  The next question comes from Dave Windley of Jefferies & Company. Please, go ahead.
David Windley  Jefferies & Company:  Hi. Thanks for taking the question. Michael, in your prepared remarks you made a brief comment relative to learning from Kentucky and not  being more wary about states moving populations into Managed Care first time. I wondered if you could expound on how that influences your thoughts about pursuit of RFPs in the future. Is it simply only states that are moving populations in for the first time or what other learnings could you draw from this that might affect what you go after?
Michael Neidorff:  Oh, yeah. I have to be very careful here, because I dont want to  Im not representing my complaint publicly over a conference call. But I think there are a couple of things. You have to  you want great assurance that the data theyre giving you is complete and full. And so, we typically have done that. There is a standard of practice the way things have been done that has not been an issue up to this point in time. And as I indicated to you, this went very fast. The RP I think came out in May and they went live in November 1. And typically states will do it on a more extended basis, getting things right through discussions and I think I eluded to it before, the fact that Ohio is  where theyve had Managed Care, theyre a new population and theyre extending the period over time to get some things right and have those discussions. I think thats what you want to see. You want to see people that are working to  building sustainable programs versus having a program. And I dont go beyond that because I  as I said, were going to take the high road on this thing. And there is  and I  lets just leave it at that.
David Windley  Jefferies & Company:  Okay. So apart from Kentucky, do you  as you look at your business development efforts, do you have thoughts that you need to expand that, bulk that up, to handle the amount of the pipeline. In other words, is there a process in capacity that you need to expand to be able to handle the expanse of opportunities that are out there?
Michael Neidorff:  It was not  it was at no way, shape or form a capacity issue on our part. If you look at number of states that we have entered and you look at how weve done two, three states at one time, and more, weve had no issues. So this is not a capacity. This is just a very particular issue for Kentucky. And Louisiana, Mississippi, Illinois, I mean all the states that weve entered very successfully, to the states satisfaction as well as ours.
David Windley  Jefferies & Company:  Got it. If I could ask one last follow-up on the shift to Texas. Youve made some nice progress there. It sounds like more than you expected. Do you think that that progress can continue? Or are there any structural impediments that would cause that to plateau in the short-term?
Michael Neidorff:  We still have a very strong team there. We continue to meet with the state on issues, when and if we identify them there. Theyre very interested in ensuring that the program continues to work and that they recognize the need for the companies to be successful in doing it, to have programs. So I see no issues there. I think we said in our script that we anticipate it continue to normalize going into 2013.
David Windley  Jefferies & Company:  Okay. Thank you.
Michael Neidorff:  Thank you.
Operator:  The next question comes from Brian Wright of Monnes, Crespi & Hardt. Please go ahead.
Brian Wright  Monnes Crespi & Hardt:  Thanks. Good morning. I just wanted to get a  so if the $0.70 to $0.80 of a fourth quarter guidance includes $0.23 for the release of the premium deficiency from Kentucky, thats a bit lower than your x-Kentucky run rate in the second quarter. Youd spoken to $0.09 of it, I believe, in Kentucky run off and higher Kansas G&A. But theres still a delta there. How much of that delta is seasonal MOR higher in the fourth quarter versus a tax rate catch-up issue in the fourth, to get to the 40% for the full year?
Bill Scheffel:  I think, Brian, that the  you said, second quarter, I dont know if you meant third quarter.
Brian Wright  Monnes Crespi & Hardt:  Sorry, yeah, I meant third. Sorry about that.
Bill Scheffel:  Okay. Good. Good. Thats a little easier to  the issue there is we said we had $0.31 of operating loss in Q3 and that was exacerbated by additional adverse development, lets say, from prior in the years as we continue to receive more retros coming from that. So I think what were seeing is we dont expect Q4 to be at the $0.34 run rate going forward, more closely aligned to the $0.23 which reverses off of the PDR. And I think the differential, wed planned for a lesser amount in Q4 when we were trying to reconcile the guidance numbers in total, but we do believe that the numbers that were giving right now, Q3 and Q4, the $0.78 that we have for Q3 and then the $0.70 to $0.80 range for Q4 adjusted for business expansion costs and for the exit costs in Kentucky, and a little bit higher HBR in Q4 versus Q3, are the primary moving parts for the reconciliation. Taxes really dont play much of a part in either quarter. Theyre about the same.
Brian Wright  Monnes Crespi & Hardt:  So your view is that thats not a material difference run rate?
Bill Scheffel:  For which piece?
Brian Wright  Monnes Crespi & Hardt:  For the fourth?
Bill Scheffel:  Yeah. I think third and fourth quarter are comparable in many respects when you adjust for just a few items.
Brian Wright  Monnes Crespi & Hardt:  Okay. Thank you.
Michael Neidorff:  We have time for a couple more, then...
Operator:  The next question comes from Scott Green of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Scott Green  Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  Hi. I appreciate the questions. On Kentucky, I was just curious if you could tell us what the MLRs would have been in second quarter? And then third quarter, if you reallocated the unfavorable development to the appropriate periods?
Bill Scheffel:  Im not sure I have all those, but I would say we ran 115% in Kentucky in Q3 and it would have probably been closer to 109% and 110% without the adverse development. All those numbers without a PDR, those are the before numbers.
Scott Green  Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  Okay. And I believe the statutory filing in the second quarter was 119, but that assumed a little unfavorable development, so it may be closer to 112. Is it safe to say that you got a little bit of improvement sequentially in Kentucky on a run rate basis?
Bill Scheffel:  I think its dangerous to compare statutory numbers and GAAP numbers when youre picking up PDRs in one and not in the other. So I think Ill leave it as I just explained.
Scott Green  Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  Okay. I guess I wasnt clear. So not referring to the stat filing, do you think the trend in Kentucky ex favorable development improved sequentially?
Bill Scheffel:  Theyre about the same. Theres not much difference either way.
Michael Neidorff:  As we said, were still getting retro adds going back to next November. So tell us how many of those we are going to get next month, we could give you a sense. Thats part of the issue. Thats one of the big issues.
Scott Green  Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  Okay. Separately, in Texas, you said you had a mid-90s MLR. Just hoping you could offer a bit more detail since September 1 was the big rate increase thatll help the MLR going forward, could you tell us maybe what the MLR was in the September period with the rate increase? Was it lower than the average of mid-90s?
Michael Neidorff:  Wed much rather do it on a quarterly basis where we look at the prior period evolved maybe on a quarterly basis. So I think, Bill, it would be misleading trying to give one month.
Bill Scheffel:  Yeah, and I think in general were just trying to show that, with respect to Hidalgo, it started March 1, weve had quite a few months to try to work on the utilization levels, and then we also picked up new membership in August and September, we got a rate increase in September. So, all those things considered, we still operate in the mid-90s and our team is working very hard there to try to continue to bring down the utilization levels in that service area, which is still much higher than they are in the rest of the state and is  will continue to be a work in progress probably for several quarters.
Michael Neidorff:  Recognize that we took on, what, 9,000 lives in August and September of high intensity and were managing it down to that level. Thats important.
Scott Green  Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  Okay.
Michael Neidorff:  One more question and then (inaudible).
Scott Green  Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  Sure. Could you elaborate on the Georgia revenue issue you called out? Was that a new thing related to what AmeriGroup talked about in the second quarter of last year with membership reconciliations? And do you expect any true-up from the state from this going forward?
Bill Scheffel:  It is a similar issue that all three MCOs have to deal with in the State of Georgia in terms of how the state processes membership, retroactive membership deletions, primarily from what they consider to be duplications, and theres  it takes a while for them to process these. We make accruals for these on a regular basis every month. From time to time theres a true-up that might occur, which is particularly what happened in 2011, and then theres some adjustments in terms of how that impacts actuarial soundness and rates. And so, during the quarter there was  Georgia made some adjustments and we, in those amounts, and we reflected that in the quarter.
Scott Green  Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  Okay.
Michael Neidorff:  Its always routinely looked at every month. Okay. We have one more?
Operator:  The final question comes from Michael Baker of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Michael Baker  Raymond James:  Thanks a lot. I was wondering if you could give us some color on the  when the Ohio duals are coming, what are you doing in advance of that as it relates to medical management outreach, particularly in light of what youve learned on other dual processes so far.
Michael Neidorff:  Well, I think keep it somewhat limited. Well get what data we can and well do it through our predictive models. Well use our system capability to examine what needs to be done and well work with the state and see what information we can get on the history of these people, and just ensure that theres a solid  the medical management people work on a solid transition plan and ensure that they gain the benefits they should for Managed Care. The states working very closely with us on that.
Michael Baker  Raymond James:  And are there any differences in how youre approaching, youre reserving assumptions in front of it in light of what experience has been to-date on the duals?
Michael Neidorff:  Well, we cant take reserves until we have the members with the...
Bill Scheffel:  No, I mean its  we try to reserve for the expected costs for each individual population and this population will continue to be looking at to determine what we think the  once we get rates and expected HBR is and well try to conservatively accrue that and normally well try to build margin up in the first six months of operations of a new area or segment of a population. Im sure that will be the case in Ohio.
Michael Baker  Raymond James:  Thanks.
Bill Scheffel:  Thank you.
Michael Neidorff:  We thank everyone and we look forward to the December 14th guidance and the year-end call in February. Thank you so much. Have a good day, everybody.
Operator:  The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending todays presentation. You may now disconnect your line.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-24 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Centene Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ed Kroll. Please go ahead. 
Edmund Kroll: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. Ed Kroll, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations at Centene Corporation. Thank you for joining our second quarter earnings call. 
 Michael Neidorff, Centene's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Bill Scheffel, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Centene, will host this morning's call.
 The call should last about 45 minutes and may also be accessed through our website at centene.com. A replay will be available shortly after this call's completion also at centene.com, or by dialing (877) 344-7529 in the U.S. and Canada, or from other countries, (412) 317-0088. The playback code for both of dial-ins is 10015829.
 Any remarks that Centene may make about future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provision under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in Centene's most recently filed Form 10-Q dated today, July 24, 2012, and also our other public SEC filings. Centene anticipates that subsequent events and developments will cause its estimates to change. While the company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so.
 With that, I'd like to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Michael Neidorff. Michael? 
Michael Neidorff: Thank you, Ed. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining Centene's second quarter earnings call. 
 I want to spend most of my time this morning providing you with a progress report on Centene's return to profitability in June. Additionally, how we are back on track after a confluence of events, which caused us to lower our 2012 guidance last month. 
 Bill will discuss and walk you through the details of our second quarter financials, and then we will answer your questions. 
 The second quarter results came in as we projected at our June Investor Day. Premium and Service revenue growth was very strong, increasing 61% year-over-year, mainly due to the Texas expansion in the new states including Illinois, Louisiana and Kentucky. 
 As we indicated in our June 11th press release, medical costs in Kentucky, the Texas expansion area and our Celtic individual health business are considerably higher. 
 This resulted in an operating loss of $0.16 per diluted share in the second quarter, which is consistent with our revised projections as discussed at the Investor Day. This loss excludes a noncash $0.52 per diluted share impairment charge related to Celtic. It also reflects a return to profitability in the month of June, which was also included in our guidance. The issues that caused the second-quarter loss was state-specific, market- or product-related issues. We view these as episodic and correctable through a combination of rate increases, medical management initiatives and policy changes at the state regulatory level. Historically, we have demonstrated our capability to correct these types of issues in states including Ohio, Florida and Georgia. To be clear, the balance of Centene's portfolio continues to perform within our normalized ranges. I will now provide you with an update on these specific 3 markets and their issues. 
 First, let us discuss Texas. We won the expanded Texas contract in October of last year. This was not a competitive bid process as the rates in Texas are community rated. The state developed rates using significant managed care savings targets. In May, it became clear that these targets were inconsistent with actual trends. We were also limited in our ability to manage medical costs due to the 90-day continuity of care period. Further, unprecedented demand in many of the non-in-patient service categories became evident, resulting in an HBR above 100%. Texas has a long history with managed care and a solid track record of working towards properly aligning rates with cost trends. After actively engaging with Texas on a corrective rate, we have agreed to a 3.7% statewide increase, which includes a blended 7.6% increase for the Hidalgo service area. The new rates will be effective September 1. The continuity of care through sessions expired in the second quarter and our management or medical management initiatives are already gaining traction. Therefore, we anticipated achieving margins in our normalized range for Texas in Q4.
 On to Kentucky. The difficulties in the Kentucky market are not limited to Kentucky spirit. They are problematic issues that require leadership from the state to develop solutions. Subsequent to our June 14th Investor Day, we have had -- been involved in ongoing contact with the state on these matters. These include direct engagement with state actuaries on review of their data book, retroactive membership assignment and the methodology for risk adjustment. While there will be a series of actions required to create a successful and sustainable program, we have seen some recent progress. Effective September 1, the state will change the assignment process for retroactively eligible members. We will reduce the magnitude of our costs associated with these members. 
 We also received a 1% rate increase per our contract effective July 1. 
 Additionally, Centene's action plan dealing with policy changes with respect to ER and NICU, among others, went into effect on July 1. 
 We expect the combination of these actions to help improve our cost structure in Kentucky. However, these actions are not sufficient. As I said earlier, success in Kentucky will require changes in state policies and practices to ensure a sustainable Medicaid managed care program.
 On to Celtic. With Celtic, we have experienced a high level of medical costs in our Legacy Celtic national individual health business, which we purchased in July 2008. Earlier this year, we reached an agreement under which 17,000 members were converted from an existing carrier to Celtic's policies. This combination led to a material underperformance from what we had historically seen. 
 The upholding of the Affordable Care Act further limits the profitability of the individual health insurance business because of minimum medical loss ratios, guaranteed issue requirement and increased competition in the exchange market. During the second quarter of 2012, we evaluated the long-term prospects of this business and performed an impairment analysis, which resulted in the noncash charge I previously mentioned. 
 Centene's expectations for the future growth and profitability of the individual health business are lower and reflected in our revised guidance provided in June. 
 With respect to our action plan, we have tightened our underwriting guidelines, changed our national network provider effective July 1, and implemented rate increases in 4 of our largest markets effective July 1. 
 We anticipate additional rate actions throughout the remainder of 2012. 
 Let me now summarize our rate outlook for 2012. The composite 2012 increase is a range of 1.5% to 2%. This includes a 6.7% increase in Wisconsin, effective January 1; a 3.2% increase in South Carolina, effective April 1; a 1% increase in Kentucky, effective July 1; and a 3.7% increase for Texas, effective September 1, which as I said earlier, includes a 7.6% increase for the Texas Hidalgo expansion area.
 We are still in discussions regarding the July 1 rate update in Georgia and the September 1 rate update in Florida. 
 Now I will shift gears and talk about our growth prospects. Our growth outlook remains robust with a $45 billion pipeline through the end of 2013. 
 The issues we have seen are unique and do not deter us from pursuing disciplined and profitable growth. States continue to face budget pressures. We are seeing several new states transitioning into managed care from fee-for-service to improve health outcomes while lowering costs. Several states, which have already been using managed care, are expanding coverage to high-acuity populations, other unmanaged populations and adding new programs. For example, we commenced operations in Missouri and Washington on July 1. 
 Initial indications suggest that both markets have had an effective implementation and smooth transition. We expect to have approximately 45,000 to 50,000 lives in Missouri and expect to ramp in Washington during the second half of 2012 to between 50,000 and 60,000 lives.
 Most recently, Kansas awarded Centene a contract to serve TANF, CHIP, non-dual ABD and long-term care recipients statewide. This program should begin in the first quarter of 2013. We are set to commence operations in New Hampshire for the first quarter of 2013. 
 Lastly, we were awarded a small portion of the Florida Healthy Kids procurement, a new product for Centene in Florida. We were also awarded an additional 6 counties in the nursing home diversion program, bringing the total number of county Centene serves to 26. We are quite pleased to be adding new products and expanding our presence in Florida, a very important state for us. 
 There is a major focus on caring for higher-acuity populations, as many dual eligible demonstration projects are expected to commence in 2013 and 2014. As a result, we have added a new table, showing the number of duals, to the earnings release. Centene has a competitive advantage, as we are a multiline company and at arm's length, we contract with our specialty companies at market rates. Our behavioral business provides us with a key benefit as dual eligibles and high-acuity populations have significant behavioral needs. There continues to be a tension around the exchange hybrid market as the ACA was recently upheld. Centene is well-positioned to care for these populations as we continue to gain experience as evidenced by our growth in high-acuity exchange markets. For example, Centene's ABD recipients increased 73% year-over-year, our long-term care members increased 71%, and our hybrid/exchange programs increased 36%. 
 We believe we will pick up at least one region in the Ohio dual-eligible procurement, subject to a final announcement in August. This product is set to commence in the second quarter of 2013. 
 Finally, I'll make a brief comment on the Supreme Court decision regarding the Affordable Care Act. As I highlighted at our Investor Day, there is still the test of the election before the fate of the ACA can be fully determined. But in any event, we believe we are well-positioned to maintain significant growth by helping states improve health outcomes and reduce expenses as they move their beneficiaries into additional managed care programs. In summary, we believe that corrective actions I have noted above in the Texas expansion area, Kentucky and Celtic will allow us to return to profitability in the third quarter with further improvements in the fourth quarter. We look forward to updating you in October on our third quarter 2012 earnings call. And we thank you for your continued interest in Centene. With that, I'll turn it over to Bill. 
William Scheffel: Thank you, Michael, and good morning. As a recap of our second quarter, we reported a loss from operations of $0.16 per share and a $0.52 impairment charge related to our individual health business and Celtic insurance company. The $0.16 loss from operations is consistent with our disclosures that we communicated during our Investor Day on June 14. 
 Our 2012 revised guidance reflected a decrease of $1.19 in our EPS estimates. And our slides indicated that 60% to 70% of the reduction, or $0.71 to $0.83 per share, would impact the second quarter. And these slides continue to be available for viewing on our website. The revised EPS guidance included in our press release this morning shows our 2012 guidance both including and excluding the impairment charge recorded in the second quarter. But otherwise, the guidance is consistent with the expectations we provided on June 14. 
 Now to review the financial results in detail. 
 For the second quarter of 2012, Premium and Service revenues were almost $2.1 billion compared to $1.3 billion in 2011, representing a 61% increase year-over-year. 
 The $800 million increase reflects the addition of the Illinois, Kentucky and Louisiana operations between years along with the Arizona and Texas expansions, the Ohio pharmacy carve-in and overall membership growth. 
 Our Health Benefits ratio was 92.9% for the second quarter, compared to 84.8% last year and 88.2% in the first quarter of this year. The increase compared to last year reflects a number of issues. First, increased medical costs in the second quarter in Kentucky, resulting from the retro assignment of members and a high level of non-in-patient claims receipts during the quarter. 
 Second, for Texas, we experienced a high level of medical costs related to the March 1 expansion area. And third, a high level of medical costs in our individual health business at Celtic insurance company, especially for policies issued since January 1, 2012, related to members converted from another insurer. 
 Excluding the impact of these 3 items, the second quarter HBR would've been 88.5%, which reflects an expected increase in the HBR related to other new business added between years, which has a higher loss ratio in the initial periods of operations. And also the impact of the addition of pharmacy revenue between years, which has a lower margin compared to the total. 
 Sequentially, the HBR increased 470 basis points, which reflects the increased medical costs for Kentucky, Texas and Celtic that I just described. Michael discussed the actions which are being taken in these 3 areas, and I will comment further when I discuss the assumptions utilized in preparing our 2012 revised guidance. 
 Our general and administrative expense ratio was 8.2% for the second quarter, compared to 11.2% last year and 9.8% in the first quarter of 2012. The decrease in our G&A ratio between years reflects the leverage gain from our 61% increase in revenues along with lower performance-based compensation expense, which lowers our G&A ratio in the second quarter by approximately 80 basis points. We spent approximately $0.11 a share on business expansion costs in the second quarter, primarily related to the July 1 start-ups in Missouri and Washington. Our investment and other income was $4 million in the second quarter, compared to $2.9 million last year, reflecting higher levels of invested balances. Interest expense totaled $4.7 million this year, compared to $5.3 million last year. The decrease reflects the lower rates experienced after the refinancing of our senior notes last year and the execution of the related interest rates swap agreements. 
 For the second quarter, we recorded a tax benefit of $8.6 million on our pretax loss of $47.4 million., which takes into consideration the $25 million portion of the impairment charge, which is not tax-deductible.
 Our loss per diluted share was $0.68 for the quarter, $0.16 from operations and $0.52 from the impairment charge. The shares used in the second quarter and year-to-date EPS calculations exclude the impact of stock awards as the shares will be anti-dilutive. At June 30, we had cash investments and restricted deposits of $1,239,000,000, including $40.6 million held by unregulated entities. We have estimated our risk-based capital percentage to continue to be in excess of 350% of the authorized control level at June 30, 2012. At quarter end, our total debt was $409 million, which included $55 million of borrowings under our revolving credit facility. This was subsequently repaid in early July. Our debt-to-capital ratio was 25.9% at quarter end, excluding our nonrecourse mortgage note. 
 The medical claims liability totaled $859 million at June 30 this year, an increase of $251 million since December 31. Our days in claims payable totaled 41.4 days at June 30, compared to 44.7 days at March 31. The 3.3-day decrease primarily reflects 3 items: first, a full-quarter impact of the pharmacy carve-in in Texas, which repays approximately 70% faster than nonpharmacy medical costs; second, improvements in the payment cycle as we have increased the percentage of claims receipts electronically and have seen a reduction in time between date of service and date the claim is received. For example, the time from date of service to date received has decreased on average from 29 days in the first quarter of 2012 to 26 days in the second quarter of 2012. This has been primarily driven by faster receipt of claims in the Texas expansion area, where the state facilitates a portal for claim submissions; and third, our DCP increased due to the timing of check runs at the end of the period. 
 Based on the change in mix of our medical costs associated the pharmacy carve-in and the addition of the Texas expansion area, where we are receiving claims faster, we anticipate a continued decline in our DCP number going forward. While we are within our targeted range of 39 to 44 days, we believe the factors I just mentioned may result in reducing that target range later this year.
 Our cash flow from operations was $22.2 million for the second quarter. 
 Of note, at June 30, the state of Georgia owed us $221 million, $167 million from monthly capitation payments and the remainder for items such as delivery receivables. The state has indicated that they will attempt to catch up on their payment schedule on the second half of 2012, but this may not happen by year-end. 
 Our revised guidance for 2012 includes Premium and Service revenue of $7.7 billion to $8.1 billion; diluted earnings per share, excluding the impairment charge, of $1.45 to $1.65; diluted earnings per share, including the impairment charge, of $0.95 to $1.15; the consolidated Health Benefits Ratio, 89% to 90%; and general administrative expense ratio of 8.5% to 9%; and diluted shares outstanding of $53.6 million to $53.8 million. 
 The assumptions used in preparing our revised guidance numbers include the following: for Texas, we will receive a 3.7% overall rate increase, including 7.6% in the Hidalgo service area effective September 1, and we'll continue to make progress in reducing the higher utilization levels experienced in the March 1 expansion areas. For Texas, we have received a 1% rate increase effective July 1. We will have a reduction in the number of months retroactively assigned beginning September 1 as the state changes their assignment methodology, and we will see modest reductions in costs through the application of appropriate medical management initiatives. To put this in context, we have experienced a statutory HBR of 109% since inception. And we are forecasting an improvement of 200 to 300 basis points for the second half of 2012; and for Celtic, we have assumed a reduction in medical costs as a result of a new network contract, which took effect July 1. And we will have rate increases for certain states, where we have filed for increases which take effect in the second half of 2012. 
 I also want to note that the impairment loss represents a $0.52 loss for the second quarter. However, this would calculate to a $0.50 charge for the entire year as the diluted share count for the year is expected to be 53.6 million to 53.8 million shares versus the lower level used in the second quarter due to the anti-dilution impact. 
 Our guidance also includes business expansion costs of $0.20 to $0.22 in the second half including start-up cost for Kansas and New Hampshire. 
 Operator, you may now open the line for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Charles Boorady from Crdit Suisse. 
Charles Boorady: Question on guidance. You talked about the rate action in the state of Texas. And specifically in Texas, what are your assumptions on what you can do to improve the cost trend in the state and specifically in Hidalgo? 
Michael Neidorff: Yes. I think we've been going through and doing our standard medical management programs, from Healthy Start for Your Baby to every aspect of what we do in every other part of the state. And I just remind you that the first 90 days there was that continuity care, we could do nothing. We're now doing the pre-authorizations. We're looking at medical necessity for procedures as opposed to just simply having to pay with the state had already authorized. So it's really turning from a nonmanagement to now a full-blown medical management program that we use in every other market. 
Charles Boorady: Yes. And so based on that, and you've done this for many, many years. You've been through the continuity care period and then been able to, once they untie your hands, actively manage the care. And so you've got a lot of experience at what that can do to impact the trend. And so are you assuming a similar experience in Hidalgo now? And can you quantify that for us? 
Michael Neidorff: Yes. I think my comments in terms of -- we said it's already gaining traction we saw in the month of June. We see by third quarter -- by the fourth quarter full normalized margins within Texas including in Hidalgo county. So it would fall well within our normalized medical loss ratio, G&A and other ranges. 
Charles Boorady: Yes, but that improvement in trend, Michael, if you could just quantify it. Is that a 5%, 10%, 20%? I'm just trying to get a magnitude on... 
Michael Neidorff: Yes. Bill, you want to give him... 
William Scheffel: Yes. We haven't given specific numbers in terms of the improvements. But obviously, the impact of these initiatives, as they gain traction, will increase over the course of the second half of the year. Certainly, where we're now authorizing all of the treatments, we have a standard template that we're using for consistency across the membership. And we're applying that and looking at medical necessity criteria. And there has been a different pattern of usage in the Hidalgo service area versus the rest of the state. And so we are doing everything we can to bring bear -- to bear on that problem. But I don't know that we've quantify specifically how much that will impact the second quarter. 
Michael Neidorff: We do see it in our normalized MLR, which we have stated in guidance at, what, 86 to 88 at this point. 
William Scheffel: Well it's a little higher than the guidance. But I think that the -- because our guidance of HBR is 89% to 90% for the year. But I think that the -- we do expect to improve the trends at Hidalgo. But we still expect them to be above the statewide averages. And it'll take some time before we achieve all of the managed care savings that I think were initially anticipated by the state. And that could be an 18-month period, I think, before those are -- into that range. 
Charles Boorady: Without giving us the exact percent improvement then, maybe you can just give us more qualitatively. Will it be -- is your guidance -- are you highly confident in your ability to hit those targets based on your experience post the 90-day continuity care period in other regions [indiscernible] stretched target? Or... 
Michael Neidorff: Yes. I think I will -- Yes. I will unequivocally say yes. We wouldn't put it out there as guidance if we did not believe at this point in time that it was achievable. And so it reflects what we know we've done. And as we've said earlier, and as we said it in -- at the Investor Day, this was really -- some -- a great issue why -- which is why the state took the action that they did. And we see already some traction coming. So yes, I -- we have a high level of continuity [ph]. We have a very experienced management team down there. It's a big book of business. They have a great track record of delivering on those expectations. And I'm trying to stay away from a specific quarter-to-quarter number, but over the short- and longer-term, I see it continuing to be a high-performing state for us. I hope that helps. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Melissa McGinnis from Morgan Stanley. 
Melissa McGinnis: I just had a quick question. On the MLR where you are excluding your 3 sort of problem markets of 88.5%, how do we think about that in context relative to the initial guidance range you gave earlier this year for a consolidated MLR of 87% to 88%? Is that just some of the other new markets still pressuring the core MLR up? Is that -- is there any sign of, like, cost trend acceleration in your core book? Any color there would be helpful. 
William Scheffel: Sure. I think that the 88.5% for the remainder reflects the fact that we do have new operations in several states including Louisiana, for example, where that ramps up and we have higher loss ratios and initial periods of operations. And we can also have some continuity of care issues and we have margin build in the first part of that. So I would say that's -- the numbers that we gave in the past for 87% to 88% was the average for the whole year. And we knew in the first half of the year, it would probably be larger or higher rates and in the second half will be lower as we gain traction in these new markets. Now, again, we're adding some newer markets in Missouri and Washington in the second half, but those tend to be a little smaller compared to what we added in the first half of the year. 
Michael Neidorff: And they also were managed-care markets, where the -- so the run-in period will not be as difficult in working with the providers and the educational process. 
Melissa McGinnis: Right, great. And then could you talk a little bit, I noticed in your 10-Q there was a disclosure that you did in fact run a premium reserve deficiency analysis at the end of the quarter and didn't feel like that was necessary yet. But then there's some commentary about the fact that, while we're making progress in Kentucky, it sounds like there's still a way to go. Can you help us understand at what point or what would have to happen in Kentucky for you to at some point consider doing a premium deficiency reserve in that market? 
William Scheffel: We do analysis in several of our markets on a regular basis to make sure that -- both we do that for statutory purposes and for GAAP purposes. So the analysis that we performed at the end of the second quarter, particularly for Celtic and Kentucky, were done in accordance with the particular methodology that's required to do that. And in both cases, no premium deficiency reserve was needed at that point in time for those 2 markets. So I think in Kentucky, that's a 3-year contract. We do believe over the long term of the contract, we will make appropriate margins so that we -- at this point in time, the analysis does not indicate that we need a premium deficiency reserve. 
Michael Neidorff: And relative to the improvement, we were applying the -- in those areas that we can manage, we're seeing it starting to normalize and it has been normalizing. The issues that are still confronting us were terms of the retro assignment of members. We'll still get occasionally a member from November with the bills in a little bit the premium. And until we correct those kinds of things, we can't see -- we will not see it fully normalize and we hope that it starts to dissipate over time, but we are working with the state on it. They are, as we've said, they're taking some initial actions to make it more balanced in the assignment of these members, which is good public policy. It affects all plans equally . And we are talking now about how they do it and the fact that they really should hold us accountable from the time we learn that the member is ours. So there's things there that they're doing. I think when we get through with the analysis of the data book, it will put us in a position to demonstrate what they need to do that was not included in the data book. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Lake from JP Morgan. 
Justin Lake: First, I was hoping you'd -- with those Hidalgo rates, obviously, helpful, but I wanted to see how that broke out between these STAR and STAR+PLUS membership. Can you tell us how those rates shook out specifically? 
Michael Neidorff: Bill -- I'll let Bill follow up. There's still a lot of shifting members, where we're to give [ph] another 5,000 members or so, Bill, [ph] as we understand it. So it's difficult to try and give you that with the shifting members because it becomes a weighted thing. But... 
William Scheffel: Yes, I think ... 
Justin Lake: I was specifically talking to Hidalgo there, guys. I apologize. 
William Scheffel: Right, right. And with respect to Texas, in the Hidalgo service area, it's a blended 7.6% increase. And it's obviously much higher in the STAR+PLUS category. I think importantly though, looking at the whole state, we've got a 3.7% increase across our whole book of business. In our whole book of business is north of $3 billion in annual revenue. 
 So we think that this is a meaningful rate increase for us and we believe working with the state, we're in a reasonable position at this time. 
Michael Neidorff: I mean there's a lot of public information out there on it. And our hesitation is just simply, as I alluded to, we just learned that there's another 5,000 members coming over to the superior health plan down there. So that's going to change that weighted mix. So rather than -- because once we say something today, then it's going to mandate constant updating of that, so I would rather just say, "This is how it is at the point in time. This is what our guidance is based on. And I think that's a better position to stay in." 
Justin Lake: Okay. And you know that there's a big difference between the STAR and STAR+PLUS. The STAR being it looks like it's down year-over-year from some records we got from the state. So can you give us any color in terms what the MLR is looking like in STAR? And how comfortable you are that it looks at the state's expecting you to get the further cost savings than even was baked into the initial rates? And how comfortable you are with that? 
Michael Neidorff: Yes. I think when you look at it, on balance, we're comfortable with the balance we have in the rates now. And the -- where we saw the biggest deficiency, obviously, was in the STAR+PLUS, and they've worked hard to get where we believe it needs to be. The STAR rates we've been comfortable with, and that balance -- and in plus [ph] across the whole state. Bill, anything you want to add to that? 
William Scheffel: I think that in these discussions, which usually are actuary-to-actuary, there's the individual components are discussed. For example, there may be a belief that the in-patient portion of the cost could be further reduced in STAR compared to something else and so that's all driven into the individual rates by the -- between STAR and STAR+PLUS for Hidalgo. Overall, at 7.6%, I think that's a meaningful increase for us. 
Justin Lake: Okay. Just last question on the overall state. You talked about that, the 3.7%. And if we're doing just some rough math correctly, it looks like the x Hidalgo rate was up more than 2% year-over-year. Is that correct? 
William Scheffel: I don't think we've broken it out. We haven't really broken it out into individual pieces like that for this discussion. I think the weighted number is 3.7% for the whole state and we'll leave at that. 
Justin Lake: I guess I'm just trying to figure out though, how does that look year-over-year? Because if I remember correctly, the rate was down 2% or 3% last year. Is that correct? 
William Scheffel: Yes. September 1, 2011, the state did reduce the rates. So this certainly -- the increase that we have for September 1 this year improves the whole state. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Raskin of Barclays. 
Joshua Raskin: Just shifting gears a little bit to Kentucky. The membership was actually down sequentially, so I know you guys were suggesting that you were getting a lot of retroactive assignment. So I'm just curious what was going on with your membership that offset some of these assignments and then should we be reading into the sort of change in procedures that you're expecting a further decline in your membership as we get into September and through the end of the year? 
Michael Neidorff: Right. So let Jesse talk to that one, speak to that one. 
Jesse Hunter: Yes, Josh. Jesse Hunter. So I think a couple of things in Kentucky, obviously, we have -- in every state there is an ongoing eligibility determination so there will be people that can come on or come off of Medicaid eligibility at any particular time and you've got membership choice and other factors that could impact some movement up and down. So I wouldn't overread to your first question. I wouldn't overread the movement in Kentucky along those lines. But specifically, for retros, we do believe that we've had a disproportionate share of the retros. We've received a disproportionate shares of those. And so with this rebalancing that will be effective on 9/1, we would expect to get less new members via retro assignment and they could have a small impact on the membership side, but an important impact on the cost side in Kentucky. 
Joshua Raskin: I guess I was just under the impression that you guys were continuing [indiscernible of this retroactive assignment so [indiscernible] so I mean I understand [indiscernible] 
Michael Neidorff: You're breaking up. 
Michael Neidorff: Jesse can add to this. But I think what you're saying, I understand, but we are still getting each month the adds. We still get a larger number that -- through the retroactive process than what we would see in any other state. That means it's been as high as 52% level. I don't know for this month, but it's probably staying way up there. 
Joshua Raskin: Yes, no. It's directionally roughly half of our members, our new members, are coming in through retro assignment versus as we talked about in June in the low single-digits as an average across our other markets. 
William Scheffel: And as a reminder, what we've seen is, for that period prior to the time we've had an opportunity to manage the care for these individuals, we've averaged a 200% HBR. Once we have the opportunity to manage the care, the HBR goes way down. 
Justin Lake: Right. Now that make sense. I guess I was just thinking it just sounds like you have some pretty big offsets in terms of member choice and/or changes in eligibility to end up with a net decline in membership. I mean, is it your understanding that the entire state eligibly has gone down then? 
Jesse Hunter: No, I think the membership in aggregate has been reasonably stable. I think, Josh, though it's -- I would not expect it to be broader. Our market share has been relatively flat since the state's gone through their changes and the end of the choice period that happened earlier this year. So we are going to see some changes, slight changes from month-to-month, quarter-to-quarter as it relates to the eligibility process, number of choice, et cetera. What we're talking about is those members that initiated their eligibility process long ago, all the way back to November, we continue to see some of those members come in. And while small in number, they are big in impact. 
Joshua Raskin: Okay. I mean it's only 2,000 less sequentially, so not a big deal if those are going somewhere else. I guess second question, if I look at the second half earnings run rate, just using the midpoint of your full-year guidance, obviously excluding the goodwill impairment, you get to a number of about a $1.26 in terms of EPS. So that annualizes to $2.50 of earnings and I understand there's some seasonality. But obviously, you've got some big start-up costs in a bunch of new markets and things like that. So maybe if you could talk just, without specific numbers, headwinds, tailwinds for next year. Would you expect earnings to be better or worse than that run rate? And maybe if, Bill, you could give us a little bit of color on the third quarter? Should we say 3Q '12 is up on a year-over-year basis or not quite there yet? 
William Scheffel: Sure, Josh. I think you hit on the one thing which I did want to make sure we'd cover, which is third quarter versus fourth quarter. So that as you calculated the math for our earnings for the second half of the year, there still is the impact that this Texas rate increase goes into effect September 1. So we'll have full benefit of that in the fourth quarter and only 1 month benefit of that in the third quarter. So we do believe that you'll see a meaningful difference as the numbers are that are out there show for Q3 and Q4. And so I think if you look at Q4 run rates, and then try to look at that into 2013, I think that's a better indicator of where 2013 would -- to start to look at. And obviously, we have not done anything in terms of putting together 2013 guidance at this point. But we do think that the run rate in the fourth quarter is probably a good starting point for 2013 given the fact that we also have Kansas starting in January of '13 and New Hampshire. And [indiscernible] full year, we have a couple of other states. 
Michael Neidorff: I'd add 2 things. In part of it -- in response to the earlier question, I mean, obviously, we believe there's premium adequacy in Texas or we would not have -- we would not be saying that we have agreed to it. We would still -- we would probably still be in discussions, and we have that relationship in Texas. Secondly, I think as you look at it, Kansas as a new state has had managed care, they're adding some new populations but it's still a state that we had some great success in previous times in Kansas with the group of doctors and hospitals that understand how to do it. The other plan that we're starting up in the first quarter is New Hampshire. It's a smaller plan. So the ability to have an impact one way or another is somewhat less, so I think Bill -- what Bill said in terms of looking at what we're talking about, a more normalized fourth quarter carried through with increasing populations, full-year populations for Missouri and other plans that we've been adding, Washington, I think you could see how third Q will start to shape up and we'll give you that guidance in the middle of December. 
Joshua Raskin: Got you. So just so I make sure, and those are great points, Michael, that I understand. Bill, you alluded to some of the estimates being out there. I assume that was consensus. There's like a $0.70 number for the street. If you annualize that, obviously, you get to $2.80. Is that what you're saying in terms of a better standpoint than the $2.50 that I alluded to? 
William Scheffel: I think that -- while I'm not going to do the math for you, I think directionally that is what we're seeing, yes. 
Michael Neidorff: We'll give you a hint. 
Operator: The next question comes from Scott Fidel of Deutsche Bank. 
Scott Fidel: A question just on Kentucky. And any sense from Kentucky, from the state, in terms of how they're taking into account some of the higher medical costs and high acuity that you saw with those retro members in terms of determining your forward risk scores? Clearly, you were negative there in terms of having to pay into the other plans. And any sense on whether that can start to go back to neutral? 
Michael Neidorff: Go ahead, Jesse. 
Jesse Hunter: Scott, Jesse Hunter. So a couple of points. First on the risk adjustment, obviously, that's a quarterly calculation as we talked about before. Our risk-adjusted rates for 7/1, our risk score, if you will, is consistent for the July 1 rates with what we had for April 1. So we do not expect any changes associated with that for the third quarter. And then just -- as you look more broadly in terms of where the state is, there are some of the things we were talking about, both risk adjustment and then what the action of the state is taking with respect to the distribution of retros are both in the kind of the 0 sum category. So that shifting the membership shifting costs across the MCOs. I think our discussions with the state, as Michael alluded to in his comments, are really at the programmatic level. And we think right now, the issues affect all plans, and the program in totality is not on the successful and sustainable path. So in our conversations with respect to policy changes and other actions, that both we can take and that the state can take, it's in respect to getting the program where it needs to be. 
Michael Neidorff: I think, Scott, when we commented that the actuaries are talking with each other about the data book and what's in and what's not in and looking at how to get the data more accurate. Because we're interested in sound public policy. And as Jesse alluded to, we're not asking for anything specific for Centene. We're saying that these are program changes that should apply to the 3 plans that are there and put everybody on a level playing field. And allow us then to manage the risk in a more normalized fashion, what we call normal business practices. So that's where we hope we're headed with the state. 
Scott Fidel: Okay. And just to clarify in terms of the change in how the state's approaching the retro assignment, are they essentially now -- they're going to be shifting some of those retro-assigned numbers that you received into the other 2 plans? Or is it that the state has actually reevaluated some of their eligibility in terms of lowering the amount of members coming into the managed care program? 
Jesse Hunter: Scott, it's Jesse. At this point, what they are doing is reallocating the retroactively eligible members across the 3 plans effective September 1. So this would be a go-forward change. You're not changing broadly eligibility process, but changing the distribution. As I mentioned previously, we are getting a disproportionate share of those and we would expect going as effective 9/1 to be getting our proportionate share of those numbers. 
Scott Fidel: Got it. And Jesse, do you have an estimate in terms of like if the percentage -- what percentage of the retro members overall Centene was assuming -- was receiving prior to 9/1? And then going forward what percentage that will be? 
Jesse Hunter: Unfortunately, Scott, we're not in a position to share some of that. Those are some of the conversations that we are having as we go with the actuaries data book and other processes. So we're not in a position where we can share that at this point. But we are confident that we are getting a disproportionate share of those today. 
Michael Neidorff: Yes. It's fair to say we're asking some of the same questions, Scott. 
Scott Fidel: Okay. Then I had just one last question just on Louisiana. Michael, I know when you ran through some of the rates, you didn't mention them and it looks like there was a negative 3.7% cut there. Can you talk about sort of the environment on the rates in Louisiana and what opportunities, if at all, you have to offset that with? 
Michael Neidorff: We've had some solid discussions about it. And Jesse will fill you in on it. 
Jesse Hunter: Sure, Scott. So with respect to Louisiana there are some moving parts. And as we talk on a lot of these things, we want to make sure we have kind of finality, if you will, to rates before we talk about those. But there obviously has been discussion broadly about the rates in Louisiana. As we saw -- as we've seen in the number of markets recently, there is a question of both of the gross rate impact and the net rate impact. So what the state is contemplating in conjunction with some of their discussions with CMS on federal matching rates, et cetera, is also adjusting the state fee schedules. And so there, while we anticipate changes to the state fee schedules that would be generally commensurate with the changes in our rates. And so, while we can obviously provide more specificity to that as we get more specificity and finality to it, but I don't think it's fair to say that we would -- I'd be expecting a net 3.7% rate decrease in Louisiana. 
Operator: The next question comes from Peter Costa of Wells Fargo. 
Peter Costa: Getting back to Kentucky again. I believe at the Investor Day, you said something like 8% of your in-patient cost was tied to retroactives in November. When we were in December, and then by May that had risen to like 20% of your in-patient costs. So where do you see that going at this point? Is it above 20% now for, say, the month of November at this point? Or if we project forward to September when they start reallocating these members on a, say, more even basis, does that 20% fall to, say, back to 12% or something number like that if it spread evenly? 
William Scheffel: Well that's yet to be determined how that comes out in terms of the future months and particularly after they change the retro assignment methodology. I think you're correct. What we said is initially in the month of December we recognized 8% of our in-patient costs were from of this. And then by the time we got into May and June, it was 20%. And so I think the amount that we've got after that, while we still get some, has tailed off quite a bit. I mean we're not saying that all of our retro assignment members are going back to November today, but they go back many months not just 30 days, which is typical in other states. So I think that overall, we are encouraged that the state's changing the methodology. It should improve our situation. It's hard to quantify how much until they actually do it. 
Peter Costa: Let's try it another way. You guys said that you're a 109% loss ratio in Kentucky, I believe. And you expect that to improve 200 to 300 basis points in the second half. 1% or 100 basis points of that would come from the July rate increase. Presumably, the rest is from the 1/4 of the retros. So maybe if we double the remaining 100 to 200 basis points that's a 200 to 400 basis points of improvement sort of on a run rate basis in the fourth quarter from the retros. Is that what we're looking at? Or were there other improvements that you were expecting to get in that fourth quarter from, say, the continuity of care stuff going away and improving managed care? 
Michael Neidorff: Of course, there's other things taking place. So we talked with the state, and we mentioned earlier that we looked at in our narcotics and other drugs and things, we've been specifically bringing it in line. And our in-patient is in line. We also have, I alluded to them with my comments, our NICU and emergency room policies and practices. So we're avoiding being a one-trick act here and applying everything we can to bring it back in line. What I think what's key is once we get the retroactivity issue if we get it resolved and build that the kind of standard of practice we see in virtually every other state, then you would see that things would be normalized. That's why we said, it's not been a rate issue, it's a policy issue that needs to come in place. 
William Scheffel: Yes. And let me just -- what I said in my comments was that for guidance purposes, we have been running 109% at a statutory level since inception. And what we have forecasted for the second half is a 200 to 300 basis point improvement, which obviously takes into account the 1% rate increase in July and the impact of reduced retro assignment of eligible members and some medical management initiatives. We have tried to be somewhat conservative in forecasting marked improvements in Kentucky at this point in time. Hopefully, we'll do better, but we haven't baked in anything greater than what I've indicated of the 200 to 300 basis points. 
Peter Costa: So if I'm generous even with my numbers, I get to, say, a 104% to 105% run rate in the fourth quarter for your loss ratio. Why then do you not assume that you'd take a premium deficiency charge at this point? Are you counting on those program changes to come through from the state at this point? Or just hoping for them to come through, should I say? And what gives you confidence that you shouldn't take a premium deficiency charge or walk away from the state altogether? 
William Scheffel: It is a couple things. One is in doing that calculation, we include all the business that we do in Texas or in Kentucky, including our Specialty business and there are certain costs that are not included in that. The fixed costs are not included in the premium deficiency calculation. So again... 
Michael Neidorff: They are pretty direct costs. 
William Scheffel: Right. And so we think that over the term of the contract, we will be in a favorable situation such that we would not have a net loss. 
Peter Costa: And so in making that calculation, you're not assuming any program changes at this point? 
William Scheffel: Some minor ones, not major. 
Michael Neidorff: Until the state has agreed to it, I'm not going to -- we're not going to show that optimism. As I said, we're going through the data book and what that demonstrates, will have a lot to do with what position we take with the state going forward. 
Peter Costa: Okay. And just last question, can you go through where we stand with the Georgia RFP timing? 
Michael Neidorff: Well it's been delayed. They've added -- they've renewed it for an additional year through July of next year. 
Jesse Hunter: Peter, it's Jesse. Just to add to that, there was not, I would say, total clarity at this point with respect to what the state is going to do. We know what they're not going to do, which is, I know they've obviously come out and said that they're going to delay. There are some other questions with respect to potential populations and timing, which are very much open at this point. So it wouldn't be, I think, appropriate for us to give any more specificity than that. 
Peter Costa: Exactly, so they haven't given you any clarity at this point about what the timing will be for when RFP will come out? 
Michael Neidorff: No. 
Jesse Hunter: [indiscernible] we speculate on. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Rigg from Susquehanna. 
Christian Rigg: I just wanted to ask on Kentucky. When I think about the business prospectively, if the retro assignment members are more into line with the norms in other states, does that mean the data book errors that you guys think may have occurred would go away, essentially implying that your rates would be unchanged and your fee schedule going -- the rate increases prospectively would remain as is? 
Michael Neidorff: Yes. I'll start with that. We choose not to speculate until we've been through the data book. The actuaries have talked about it and we understand what's there with the state. I mean, we could do a thousand what-ifs and it becomes just a mental gymnastics to some degree because we have to see what the data says. Jesse? 
Jesse Hunter: I will just add to that. We're having these conversations, Chris, with the state and the actuaries with respect to the data book. Those 2 conversations are not limited to retros. 
Christian Rigg: Okay. And then in Texas, the rate increases that you guys are targeting or highlighting. Are those net of fee schedule changes or can you just remind us how your rates change relative to the fee schedule or how much your rates are tied to the fee schedule? 
Michael Neidorff: Sure. In Texas, I mean, that can change from year to year depending on what actions the state's taking. I think in this particular time, the rate increases were quoting are net increases. 
Operator: The next question is from David Windley of Jefferies. 
David Windley: I want to turn to the G&A ratio, which in the 2Q dropped a lot and below your guidance for the full year. So, Bill, wondering how we should expect that to trend over the balance of 2012? And in 2Q, I guess, I'm wondering if 2Q benefited from unwinding some 1Q incentive comp accruals? 
William Scheffel: The second quarter did benefit a little bit from unwinding some longer-term comp accruals that we had and for the second -- what we've given in our guidance is the estimated G&A ratio for the whole year. And so we do get a couple of plans adding in the second of the year and things like that. So right now, we're sticking to what's in the range. 
Michael Neidorff: And when we commented, we commented there are some costs in there about bringing up the new plans at Kansas and New Hampshire. So there's -- it's -- you can't say it's all comp or all -- there are some pluses and minuses in there. 
David Windley: Got it, okay. Would it be possible just to kind of give us a picture of how you're entering 3Q? Would it be possible to give us a picture of what June looked like? For example, what was the difference in MLR between the first couple of months of the quarter and the third month of the quarter? 
Michael Neidorff: Yes, I think what -- we've been very -- we gave you an indication, we thought it important for you to know that we returned to profitability. But we're going to stay away from any precedent on going month-by-month in talking about because that's a -- it can change from month to month. It's seasonalities and so many different things. We're better talking quarters. We want to be transparent for you and help you, but I'm afraid we might be doing a disservice to everybody trying to go that granularity. 
William Scheffel: Yes. There can be a difference between a 31-day month or a 30-day month and how many Mondays are in there or holidays and things. So an individual month's HBR is not as important as it is a 90-day would be for a full quarter. 
Michael Neidorff: Well we thought what would be important is for you to understand that the episodic issues as we refer to them in the 3 markets, the management, the approach we're taking, how we're doing it, did allow us to return to profitability. And I'm not saying just $0.01 but some reasonable profitability in June. 
David Windley: Okay. A clarification on Kentucky. The 200 to 300 basis-point improvement that you are expecting, I think, a percent of that coming from the rate improvement, is that comparing second half to first half or second half performance versus where you started at inception? Or what should we deem the comparison to be there? 
William Scheffel: Right. When I said we run 109% inception to-date, I think what we've had to do is pick up additional accruals for these retros. So I think -- we think the inception to-date is probably the best way to look at it at this point in time because that's about an 8-month period. And given the that's been the average run rate for the first 8 months, we're expecting it to be 200 to 300 basis points better than that in the second half. 
David Windley: Okay. And then the final question, as I think about the savings that you are garnering from your G&A actions in 2012, how should I think about those, say, being reinstated moving into 2013? 
William Scheffel: 2 parts. One, I think that the leverage we're getting this year from the additional revenue and spreading the costs over a wider base will continue into 2013 and should accelerate given the additional volume. However, I think the benefit that we had this year from the absence of some of the performance-based compensation will reverse because we would expect to build that back in for 2013. We indicated that's about 80 basis-point impact on the G&A ratio in the second quarter. So for next year, we would add that back in as a starting point. 
Michael Neidorff: I might just add, we understand you're working to analyze '13 and we're holding off to December because we'll have a better view of it. Because there'll be other new opportunities that will surface between now and then. So we'll be in a better position to say when it comes to G&A, what's development for other plans, that type of things as well. 
Operator: The next question comes from Carl McDonald of Citigroup. 
Carl McDonald: I'm interested in what the underlying second quarter loss ratio would've been if we excluded unfavorable development related to Texas, Kentucky individual business if there was any there? So what would that 93% have looked like? 
William Scheffel: Well we really don't get in trying to break out the amount of development in any particular month or quarter at this point. Obviously, what we've said is in the second quarter and particularly in May, we recognized additional costs with respect to the Kentucky retro assignment issue. In Texas, we didn't start until March 1, so there wasn't a whole lot anything going backwards in Kentucky -- in Texas. That was just recorded in the second quarter based on our own experience. 
Carl McDonald: Okay. And then the -- related question, if we look at the first half loss ratio, 91%, to get to the full-year guidance, you'd have to do something around 88% in the second half. So that 300 basis-point improvement, how much of that would you say is things you know already? So Texas rate increase and some of the changes in Kentucky versus how much of that is things that you still need to see happen? 
Michael Neidorff: I think most of it -- I mean, it's out there because it's things we see happening. It's not -- we're not speculating, saying, "Gee, if we were able to push this through or get this approved." No, this is -- -- that's all based on what we see will happen. 
Operator: The next question comes from Sarah James of Wedbush. 
Sarah James: Just going back to Josh's question earlier, as I think about 4Q, Texas MLR should be down with the full-quarter rate increase, Kentucky MLR is expected to come down 200 to 300 basis points in the second half, maybe a little bit better in the fourth quarter than the third, Washington and Missouri should be starting to normalize as we come out of the quarter. So if I were to use that as a general run rate starting point, does that imply based on how you see contracts now for our pricing costs at the starting point MLR for annual MLR for contracts like Kansas or the potential one region in Ohio as being lower than this year's start-up? So maybe back to the standard 90% to 100% range for a first year of operations as opposed to the 110% that we've experienced this year? 
Michael Neidorff: Yes. I think it's fair to say that... 
Jesse Hunter: Yes. I think that Kentucky was a special situation and I would put that on, over to the side. I think even Texas for the whole year will turn out to be fairly reasonable. And the new markets in general that we will get into, I would start it in 90% HBR plus or minus probably 100 to 200 basis points in those ranges each of the individual states. I think as Michael indicated, in several of these, they are already in managed care. So there's less of that issue to have to deal with. And we think the new markets we're entering are anchored on the 90%. 
Michael Neidorff: Picking up some of the dual eligibles in Ohio, it's a market that we're [indiscernible] some new service areas with the new contract, so there'll be some mitigation there of that but we really had to look at it in what we've done there, what's managed care. If there has been managed care as opposed to what we saw in Kentucky where they have had no managed care, a very provider-friendly type environment. And that makes a difference there. 
Sarah James: At Investor Day, you mentioned 1/2 to 2/3 of the shortfall in Hidalgo could come from rates, the rest from medical management. So I'm just wondering how the STAR+PLUS rates and I know it's still a range now because of this 5,000 members, but how that compares to what you thought you might get from closing half... 
Michael Neidorff: I think it's based on the fact that our guidance has stayed consistent, I would say that it is falling as we would expect it in the various markets. 
Sarah James: And last, just a quick clarification. You mentioned earlier on the call that Specialty business in Kentucky is just one of the reasons in favor of staying in the state. Could you just remind us on the size of your Specialty business in Kentucky? 
William Scheffel: I don't know if we have a specific dollar amount. But obviously we -- in Kentucky, we have our PBM, we have our Behavioral Health business, which are 2 of the larger components. We also have Health and Wellness and our Nurse Triage line. 
Michael Neidorff: Nurse Triage Line. There's a whole series of them. 
William Scheffel: And pretty much all of our normal specialty companies are being utilized in the state of Kentucky. 
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Baker of Raymond James. 
Michael Baker: Michael, you indicated the importance of behavioral health in addressing the duals. In your conversations with states, to what degree are they recognizing that? I know obviously Arizona is very far along that path and to what degree do you think they'll kind of follow in that direction in terms of how they establish RFP criteria in select vendors? 
Jesse Hunter: So, Michael, it's Jesse Hunter. I think states -- either at the state level and at the CMS level, I think there is a broad and strong recognition of the importance of integration of the behavioral health benefit. And even when you look at these integrated demonstration programs that's both integration of products across Medicaid and Medicare but also across benefits. So behavioral pharmacy and other pieces. So we think that, that will be consistent and I think it will be one of the criteria that states will look to, as well as experience but also the assets and capabilities that the companies like Centene have. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Green of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 
Scott Green: I think in Investor Day, you implied that the Hidalgo MLR might be around 110% in the second quarter. Is that how it wound up? 
William Scheffel: I think we're in that ballpark. 
Scott Green: Okay. And then you had previously disclosed that you would expect it to wind up in the fourth quarter where it would have an original guidance so that implies somewhere around 90%, I guess? And so the makeup there would be the 7.6% from the rates and then the other 13% or so or 12% from medical management? 
Michael Neidorff: Go ahead, Bill. 
William Scheffel: Yes. I'm not sure what exactly the nature of the question. 
Michael Neidorff: You're saying that if it's a 100%... 
Scott Green: I was asking if it was a 110% now and it's 90% -- in the low 90s by year-end. I guess the way you get there is this 7.6% reupdate in the fourth quarter. And then the other 12 points or so would be medical management? 
William Scheffel: Well I mean some of it is medical management, some of it is just the absence of the continuity of care provisions. So we'll benefit from the fact that in that 90-day period we were running higher, which was a lot of the second quarter. And the 110% is probably a little high for the quarter itself. But the rate increase of 7.6% in the Hidalgo area will certainly bend that trend quite a bit and then the absence of continuity of care. And then we are now authorizing the treatments across the board so we do see the utilization trending downwards as we apply our criteria. And overall, again, we still believe that Hidalgo service area will trend down to the more normal areas by the third and fourth quarters. 
Michael Neidorff: We're now directing care so that improves costs. We have utilization major issues that were there historically. And I -- if we had a lot of time, I'd give you a lot of examples, they're anecdotal, things that were done that were just incredible, why the state wanted us to come in and the plans come in. So you take the utilization, you take the ability to control, the pricing on some of these things by directing some care. The other overall savings we do, it starts [indiscernible]. It may be reducing the premium. There's a lot of that the brings -- that's all in play now. And things we said we're getting traction on. As we've said, also several times today, the rates were wholly appropriate as we renegotiated them and agreed to with the states. 
Scott Green: Okay. That's helpful. And then I have just one question on the dual eligibles. So thinking about how rates might be set at some discount versus fee-for-service, I know you're launching a number of Medicare's net product next year for duals. I was hoping if you could tell us if your bids were below the fee schedule -- the Medicare fee-for-service mark? 
Jesse Hunter: Now, Scott, this is Jesse. We haven't gotten into specific comments with respect to our pricing on the Medicare side. So we wouldn't be prepared to comment on that. 
Michael Neidorff: I mean, for competitive reasons amongst others, there's no reason to comment at this point. 
Jesse Hunter: Yes. I think just -- I mean, directionally as we have said before, the Medicare SNP business, while we have 5 states this year moving to 6 next year, yes, we still expect that portion to be a -- that product to be a small portion of the overall portfolio. And we've got significant focus on the duals opportunities across markets. 
Scott Green: Okay. And then one last question. Just trying to reconcile 2 previous comments. I think to the answer of the 1 question, you seemingly implied that $2.80 might be a rough starting point for next year. But then to another question you suggested that around $0.50 of on incentive comp would be added back. So would there just be incremental growth next year? So you feel comfortable that $2.80 is an appropriate starting point? Or should it be -- should we be thinking about $2.80 minus some incentive comp. 
Michael Neidorff: I think if we had wanted people to consider less than that, we probably would've said something different than we did. So I think, the information we gave is pretty clear from our starting point. Obviously, it's an all-in starting point. And by the way, that's not my starting point that's some of yours. I'm not saying it's not a decent starting point. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Carroll of Stifel. 
Thomas Carroll: Just a clarification. I think Peter got most of my line of questioning on Kentucky. But, Michael, I just wanted to make a clarification. You very specifically stated in your prepared remarks about Kentucky that the state really needs to make changes in order to kind of fully put that market into, I guess, longer-term profit expectations. So, and I think you said it twice, should we assume that if no changes are made at the state level, that Centene will withdraw from Kentucky prior to the end of its contract? 
Michael Neidorff: I think the -- I would make no assumptions. We signed the contracts and in the absence of a breach on their part, we live up to our contracts and we'll manage to [indiscernible]. We're at 18 states now and headed for even more over the next few years. So this can -- we're not going to just walk away unless they're in breach and don't take the corrective actions and that's consistent with the ethics and philosophy of this company. 
Thomas Carroll: Okay. So corrective action. Again, if this -- is corrective action synonymous with making policy changes that you're alluding to? 
Michael Neidorff: Right. Absolutely. The question for the state of Kentucky that we've posed to them very directly is, If you want to have a sustainable, long-term program as these contracts evaporate and go away, if you want to have people willing to come in and continue to participate, then these are things you have to do that make sense. And we are not asking for anything that's not sound policy. And there are smart people down there. They have experience, so I have no reason to believe that they would not consider and make the changes to get the kind of sustainable program they want. It's not -- if you have people that don't understand what needs to be done, then you have an entirely different environment. But here I have to believe that they're smart and capable and experienced enough to get it done. 
Thomas Carroll: Okay. And then on Washington state, I think you mentioned that you expect second half enrollment to approach 50,000 to 60,000. I guess, is that considered a starting point? We had estimated a number a good bit higher than that just given your [indiscernible] contract status. So is that kind of a fully annualized number for the foreseeable future? 
Michael Neidorff: I'd say it's a good starting point. We look at it. We're going into states where plans are already have been there. And it takes time to build our reputation and see the shifts take place. So it's just what it is. Jesse, do you want to add something? 
Jesse Hunter: Yes. Just I think it's important to note, Tom, that they had, while we were awarded the statewide contract, in the context of our building out our network and the working with the provider community and working with the state, there was one county, a large county, which we did not enter because we -- in the context of discipline on the contracting side, we could not come to terms of an acceptable and sustainable contract with some of the key providers in one of the larger markets. So as a result, our membership has been -- is lower as a starting point than what we had previously contemplated and what you or others may have estimated. But we think that, that was obviously an appropriate action for us to take given our long-term interest in the market. And as Michael indicated, that we think that 50,000 to 60,000 is a good base line and we see an opportunity to grow from there. 
Thomas Carroll: Great, okay. So that explains it. Network development is the answer I was looking for. 
Operator: The next question comes from Justin Lake of JP Morgan. 
Justin Lake: I just had one quick follow-up. Regarding the acquisition of Amerigroup by WellPoint. Your now 2 largest competitors are, it's going to be United and WellPoint, large companies, tremendous amount of scale, unlimited kind of ability to invest and come up with cash for future growth. How do you think that changes the competitive dynamic relative to, let's call it, the last couple of years where you have United but then a bunch of smaller kind of Medicaid-focused plans. Do you think that's going to have any impact in terms of how the states view this business or what kind of partners the states are looking for and how does that kind of change your view of the world going forward? 
Michael Neidorff: That's, I mean, that's [indiscernible] historically. Other larger players have looked at it from time to time. And we don't see that kind of change. I mean, we're very comfortable with what our capabilities are. I remind people we did the original Celtic and the base plan because it gives us the ability to do exchanges, hybrid products and we've been using it very effectively that way. It's some of the legacy business that has been the issue there. So this company with its specialty companies and where it is, I think, we're very comfortable with it. And I've commented historically, I see it being bifurcated with ourselves in a couple of larger players and being in a strong position to be able to deal with it. We're pushing 2.5 million lives now in this business. We're in 18 states. It's diversified. It has a lot of specialty companies. So I'm comfortable that we -- I've said in the past, we have a runway that is long enough for the space shuttle to do touch-and-gos. I've often joked about it. There's still a very long runway there. I think we have the capabilities to continue to do it. And I think as we come out of the issues we faced in Q2, it just further demonstrates that the capabilities of the team and the staff. We were able to go in 2 or 3 days after what we saw as an issue. And we -- it's company policy to always disclose as quickly as we know something. We're able to go into Investor Day within a few short days of that and give you updated guidance and know where we're at. And now here we are 30, 45 days later able to confirm that guidance. So I think it says what our overall capabilities are. That's a long-winded answer. But yes, I think we can continue to compete effectively. That's the Cliff's Notes. 
Operator: That concludes the question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Michael Neidorff for any closing remarks. 
Michael Neidorff: Sure. We thank you very much, and we look forward to talking with you at the end of Q3. Have a good rest of summer. Thank you. 
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-24 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Centene Corp. 2012 First Quarter Earnings Webcast and Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Ed Kroll, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir. 
Edmund Kroll: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on today's earnings call. Michael Neidorff, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Bill Scheffel, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Centene, will host this morning's call.
 The call is expected to last approximately 45 minutes and may also be accessed through our website at www.centene.com. A replay will be available shortly after this call's completion also on our website at centene.com, or by dialing (877) 344-7529 in the U.S. and Canada, or (412) 317-0088 from other countries and the playback number for both of those dial-ins, 10011606.
 Any remarks that Centene may make about future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provision under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in Centene's Form 10-Q dated today, April 24, 2011 [ 2012 ], and other public SEC filings.
 Centene anticipates that subsequent events and developments will cause its estimates to change. While the company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so.
 With that, I'd like to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Michael Neidorff. Michael? 
Michael Neidorff: Thank you, Ed. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining Centene's First Quarter 2012 Earnings Call.
 We delivered strong top line growth of over 40% in the first quarter. First quarter 2012 earnings per share came in at $0.45 compared to $0.46 in the first quarter of 2011. While it is not our policy to provide quarterly guidance, we did note at our December 2011 Investor Day that we expected first quarter earnings per share in 2012 to be relatively flat compared to the first quarter of 2011. In fact, on our fourth quarter 2011 earnings call, I said in part and I quote, "year-over-year flat would be good recognizing the new business and recognizing the start up costs."
 We view these quarter results as mixed, as our solid HBR came in 20 basis points higher in the top of our guided range. This was due to the continued elevation of the HBR in Kentucky market, Texas seasonality in March, as well as an uptick in medical costs in our South Carolina market driven by the Norovirus. 
 Additionally, we incurred $0.15 of startup costs in the quarter, which came in higher than our previously expected $0.10 to $0.12. This increase occurred as a result of greater business expansion activity, including costs associated with enrolling additional lives in Texas.
 In Texas, we received 300,000 members in March and an additional 70,000 in April. While not intending to set a new precedent by disclosing membership data prior to the current month, we believe that it is appropriate in this case due to the G&A impact on the current quarter.
 At the end of the first quarter, we had 811,000 lives in Texas, including the March expansion in Texas of approximately 300,000 lives. And the before mentioned addition in April of 70,000 lives. Superior's plan subsidiary has the largest market share in the state. Our view of 2012 remains positive. Actually, as Bill will discuss, we are raising our full-year 2012 guidance due to the following items: the larger than expected Texas expansion, and the commencement of operations in Washington and Missouri in Q3.
 While the first quarter was mixed, I want to remind you that historically, there is increased volatility in the first quarter and higher medical costs in new markets can take 3 to 4 months to normalize.
 Before I provide more color on the quarterly financials, I would like to touch upon some other important topics. First, state updates. Mississippi and Illinois, both of which commenced during 2011, are ramping successfully and performing in line with our expectations.
 Kentucky. We entered the first quarter in 2012 with 147 -- pardon me, 145,700 lives. While the 90-day enrollment period has expired, it is still possible that additional shifts in membership may occur. We continue to work with the state to develop sound public policies on a range of items. The first quarter HBR in Kentucky was approximately 100%. We expect a higher HBR to continue throughout 2012, which is reflected in our guidance.
 Louisiana, in February 2012, our subsidiary Louisiana Health Care Connections, commenced operations in the first of 3 of Louisiana's geographic areas. This subsidiary is a joint venture between Centene and Louisiana Partnership for Choice and Access. We had 51,300 lives in this state at quarter end. The second enrollment phase occurred on April 1.
 Ohio. Earlier this month we were disappointed that our Ohio subsidiary, Buckeye Community Health Plan, was not awarded a contract to continue serving the state's Medicaid members. This is to be effective January 1, 2013. We have filed a formal protest contesting this contract loss. It is our policy not to comment on ongoing appeal processes. However, I would like to stress that we do not believe this Ohio result is a proxy for future RFPs. All RFPs are unique and have distinctive aspects.
 Next, our recent contract wins. In January of 2012, Centene's subsidiary, Coordinated Care Cooperation, was selected as 1 of 5 plans to contract with the Washington Health Care Authority to serve the roughly 840,000 Medicaid beneficiaries in the state. This includes 700,000 TANF and CHIP lives as well as 100,000 non-dual SSI lives and 40,000 low-income adults. Centene is the only statewide vendor in Washington. Operations are set to commence in the third quarter of 2012. Our initial membership expectation for this is a range of 70,000 to 80,000 lives so certain items remain open.
 In February 2012, it was announced that Centene's subsidiary, Home State Health Plan, was one of 3 plan selected to serve roughly 425,000 Medicaid beneficiaries in Missouri. We will provide coordinated health care and behavioral health services in all 3 regions in the state. Operations are set to commence in the third quarter of 2012. Though still subject to change, our initial membership expectation is for a range of 50,000 to 60,000 lives.
 New Hampshire. We are pleased to be one of 3 companies going through a contract approval process. This opportunity reflects a transition from fee-for-service to managed care, inclusive of pharmacy, behavioral and long-term care.
 Now, onto the dual eligible opportunity. We are well positioned to serve the dual eligible market which includes more than 9 million individuals currently receiving both Medicaid and Medicare benefits. Our experience with high acuity population provides us with the tools necessary to provide quality care for the duals. Additionally, our behavioral health subsidiaries, Cenpatico, provides us with a competitive advantage as dual eligible beneficiaries are high utilizers of behavioral therapies.
 Lastly, the upcoming Supreme Court ruling in June. I do not want to spend a lot of time on the topic as it is impossible to predict the outcome. What I will say is that whatever the results, we believe it will be limited to a Wall Street event. The decision will not change or impact our states who need to improve efficiencies and to provide quality health care to a vulnerable population.
 Now, some brief comments on first quarter financials before Bill goes into further detail. As I noted earlier, first quarter 2012 premium service revenues increased 41% year-over-year to $1.7 billion. On March 31, we had 2.15 million lives representing an increase of almost 40% over the first quarter of 2011.
 The first quarter HBR increased 330 basis points year-over-year to 88.2%. This increase is primarily due to the additional new markets, especially Kentucky, which we continue to record at higher HBRs, seasonally in Texas and the virus I previously mentioned in Carolina, and our individual health business, which has been underperforming. 
 On the rate front, we continue to expect composite rate adjustments of minus 1% to plus 1%. Please note that we have an initial indication in South Carolina for a mid single-digit increase that is subject to final approval. This would be effective April 1.
 Before I turn the call over to Bill, in summary, membership increased almost 40% year-over-year to 2.15 million lives. We added more membership in Texas than previously forecasted, making us clearly the largest Medicaid health brand in the state. Revenues increased 41% to over $1.7 billion.
 Kentucky, like other new states from time to time, has volatile medical costs. We are aggressively working through the issues, as we have done historically in other states which will take more time to improve.
 We also integrated new health plans successfully in Mississippi, Illinois and Louisiana. We significantly expanded our Texas operation and through the carve-in in pharmacy and in-patient costs. We are also ramping up for operations in our newest states, Washington and Missouri.
 Importantly, we raised our revenue guidance to a range of $7.7 billion to $8.1 billion, and our earnings guidance by $0.04 to a range of $2.64 to $2.84. As new business comes online during the year and the Texas expansion matures, we expect a ramp up in earnings will occur in the back half of 2012. We remain focused on the successful execution in our existing markets as well as managing our growth in 2012 and beyond.
 We look forward to updating you on our -- at our June 14 Investor Day in New York. Thank you for your interest in Centene.
 I will now turn it over to Bill. 
William Scheffel: Thank you, Michael, and good morning. For the first quarter of 2012, Premium and Service revenues were almost $1.7 billion compared to $1.2 billion last year, which represents a 41% increase between years. This increase is driven by a 39% increase in membership between years coming from the addition of 4 new states, Illinois, Kentucky, Louisiana and Mississippi, and a significant expansion in Texas effective March 1, 2012.
 In addition, revenue increased from the pharmacy carve-ins, which occurred in Ohio last October 1 and in Texas, March 1, and also from the addition of in-patient services for the Texas STAR+PLUS product on March 1.
 As a reminder, last year we did not recognize revenue or medical costs for Mississippi in the first quarter due to CMS approval requirements. We recognized the revenue and medical costs for the January 1 through June 30, 2011 period in the second quarter of last year.
 Our consolidated Health Benefits Ratio was 88.2% for the first quarter this year compared to 84.9% in the first quarter of last year, and 85.9% in the fourth quarter of last year. Our HBR increased from the first quarter last year as a result of higher Health Benefit Ratios in certain markets, along with a mix change resulting from adding higher acuity membership and from reserving in higher levels in new markets.
 As Michael indicated, we continue to experience an HBR in Kentucky of approximately 100%. We also experienced a higher HBR in Texas between years as the result of the impact of the September 1 rate decrease and higher medical costs in March. Higher seasonal costs in South Carolina and an increased level of medical costs in our individual health business.
 Sequentially, our HBR increased by 230 basis points reflecting increased utilization in Texas, and the fact that the HBR in the fourth quarter of 2011 benefited from recording premium from retroactive rate increases for 2 states in the fourth quarter. 
 We had previously indicated that we expected to have a higher Health Benefits Ratio in 2012. First, as a consequence of the substantial increase in our higher acuity membership, which carries a higher HBR; and second from the impact of reserving in higher rates in our new markets, including Louisiana and the Texas expansion area. For the year, we still anticipate a consolidated HBR between 87% to 88%. 
 Our general and administrative expense ratio for the first quarter was 9.8% compared to 12.0% in the first quarter of 2011 and 11.0% in the fourth quarter of last year. The reduction in the G&A ratio between years reflects the increased leveraging of our expenses over a higher revenue base and reduced amounts of variable compensation expense recorded in the first quarter of 2012, offset by increases in business expansion costs between years.
 We spent approximately $0.15 per share in business expansion costs in the first quarter. This was higher than originally planned as a result of the additional costs related to the Texas membership expansion, which occurred on March 1, and again on April 1.
 Also in the first quarter of 2011, we recorded G&A cost for Mississippi, without any corresponding revenue, which increased our G&A ratio in the first quarter of 2011 by 50 basis points.
 Our investment and other income was $5.3 million for the first quarter of 2012, compared to $3.7 million in the first quarter last year, reflecting a higher level of invested balances. Interest expense was $4.8 million in the first quarter of 2012 compared to $5.7 million for the first quarter of last year. The decrease between years reflects the refinancing of our senior notes last May and the impact of the associated interest rate swap agreements. Excluding the amounts attributable to noncontrolling interest, our first quarter income tax rate was 33.5% compared to 37.6% in the first quarter of 2011. The decrease in the effective tax rate this year was primarily related to lower state taxes as the result of certain discrete tax events and a recognition of federal tax benefits from disqualifying dispositions of incentive stock options.
 Our diluted earnings per share for the first quarter was $0.45 compared to $0.46 a year ago. The 2012 results are calculated using 53.5 million shares outstanding, which has increased by 1.7 million shares between years.
 At March 31, 2012, we had cash, investments and restricted deposits of $1.13 billion, including $35 million held by unregulated entities. And we have estimated our risk-based capital percentage to continue to be in excess of 350% of the authorized control level at March 31.
 At quarter end, our total debt was $350 million and our debt to capital ratio was 21.8%, excluding our nonrecourse mortgage note. And in March, the rating on Centene was upgraded by Standard & Poor's to BB with a positive outlook.
 Our medical claims liabilities totaled $709 million at March 31, a $101 million increase from year end and represents 44.7 days in claims payable. This is a 0.6 day decline from December 31, and primarily reflects the reversal of a higher DCP level at December 31 due to the holiday processing schedule. Our targeted range for DCP remains at 39 to 44 days. 
 Our first quarter cash flow from operations was negative $32 million. And as we discussed during our year end call in February, during the first quarter of 2012, one of our states delayed payments of $71 million in premium payments, which was actually better than the $150 million originally planned by the state. We expect cash flow from operations for the full year to be in our targeted range of 1.5x to 2x net income.
 With respect to our 2012 financial guidance, we are not including any impact from the potential loss of the Ohio business in our guidance numbers. Absent a successful appeal, we would expect to record an impairment charge in 2012 of $43 million for the goodwill and intangible assets recorded on our balance sheet.
 We now expect Premium and Service revenues of $7.7 billion to $8.1 billion, which reflects a higher level of revenues associated with the Texas expansion and the anticipated start ups in Missouri and Washington during the second half of 2012.
 We are raising our earnings per share guidance from $2.60 to $2.80 to $2.64 to $2.84 for the year, which reflects first quarter actual results, the additional Texas expansion membership and the addition of Missouri and Washington in the second half.
 We are continuing to guide the Health Benefits Ratio from 87.0% to 88.0% for the year. We expect our consolidated G&A ratio to be between 9.5% to 10.0% and diluted shares outstanding of 53.8 million shares.
 We expect our effective tax rate to be between 39.0% to 39.5% for the remainder of the year, which gets us to an effective rate of 38.0% to 38.5% for the full year.
 I also would like to add that we are expecting a continued higher level of business expansion costs in the second quarter as we prepare for the start up of operations in Missouri and Washington. We estimate that we will incur $0.13 to $0.15 of business expansion costs in Q2 similar to what we experienced in the first quarter.
 Operator, you may now open up the line for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Josh Raskin of Barclays. 
Joshua Raskin: I've got 2 questions. First question, just on the guidance, the $0.04 boost to earnings per share. Is that just simply adding in the new markets, the 2 new markets plus the Texas expansion? Or is that adding earnings for the new markets and then subtracting for slightly lower earnings in the core business? I was just trying to figure out what drove the actual increase. 
William Scheffel: Yes. I think what we do is we go through a review of all of our business for the remainder of the year and sort of re-forecast, and this is the result of that process. So, I'd say it's a combination of taking the actual results for the first quarter and then, where we expect things to see for the rest of the year. Clearly, the additional revenues that we're adding for -- to our guidance numbers of $500 million on each end is a big driver of the earnings increase and which, obviously, makes up for the first quarter shortfall, let's say, and for the additional earnings from the new business. 
Michael Neidorff: As we talked about here, we see a second half -- true to the second half, as Bill just indicated, as this new business comes online we get past the continuity care, that type of thing. So there's a number of factors that affect the new business and we still will continue to focus, of course, on the legacy business, which we expect to perform within normalized ranges. 
Joshua Raskin: Okay. So, not to put words in your month, but it sounds like the changes were all incremental to the new states, and as you turn to the legacy markets was, Bill, is there any change to the forecast on the legacy markets? 
William Scheffel: I would say there would've been changes, Josh. In most of our markets, there will be updates. We put our guidance numbers together initially, we're making estimates of what membership levels are going to be, what number mix, what rates, et cetera, as we get further into the year. Obviously, we're able to fine tune those and come up with better estimates. So we run that across our whole book of business and there's pluses and minuses in terms of the whole portfolio but overall, we do expect to see a significant ramp in the later quarters of the year as we benefit from the additional membership coming on. And, again, first quarter, usually has a higher seasonality and we expect that to taper off. 
Michael Neidorff: Each plan, I mean, on a monthly basis we forecast the business looking at all the factors impacting it. And if we identify an issue, we deal with it. If we see some good things happening, we do what we can to accelerate it. 
Joshua Raskin: Okay. That's helpful. And then just on Texas, on the cost trends, you guys speak about the dashboard and breaking down sort of the cost trends and seeing realtime data. So, I guess the 2 questions are what specifically drove that? Is that the new membership? Was that the carved-in benefits of in-patient and RX? And then, just looking at the flu data, it looks like there was obviously a spike in Texas sort of that week of March 17, held off pretty quickly so have you seen a reversion back to normal levels in April yet? 
Michael Neidorff: Our dashboard is really helpful and we have that bonus with new membership coming in, in one month, 300,000 lives. It takes a while for all that to settle down and starts to normalize, so we got some confidence in it, Josh. I mean, that's like taking in -- we have some states that aren't that big, so I mean that was a big bonus come in. And Jesse, would you and Mark, anyone want to add to that in terms of... 
Jesse Hunter: Yes, sure, Josh. This is Jesse Hunter. With respect to Texas, I think there's a combination of factors and you referenced a couple of them. So with respect to our existing business, we did see some higher seasonal costs, so particularly in areas like respiratory, for example. And we've seen that before in Texas and we've seen that also be limited to the first part of the year. What we've also seen is, as we -- with our existing business, but with new benefits. So, bringing on pharmacy across the board in Texas, obviously, was a big, big undertaking. We've got some Coordinated Care and other requirements with respect to that. But also bringing on in-patient for STAR+PLUS for March 1, was a driver. So we did see some higher in-patient cost but it was in the STAR+PLUS population. So existing members, but in new benefit, so still new to the program. So those things that we're seeing and what we -- what we can use that, the dashboard for are related to our existing business, and we've identified those areas quickly. We're, obviously, taking action against those and what we don't see right now are things that would -- that we think would be persistent in Texas legacy business over the course of the year. 
Michael Neidorff: We have a very experienced management group there that have been running a big business and have the skill sets for a bigger business. And I'd also add that the -- when you see this large membership coming on and accelerating to levels beyond what your initial expectations were, there was a lot of G&A cost that was added. A lot of temporary help and other things so we were able to absorb it and service that membership well. So, could be that the combination of things, Josh that -- but nothing there that says it won't normalize at a reasonable rate. 
Operator: And our next question will come from Charles Boorady of Credit Suisse. 
Charles Boorady: Just a couple of questions. First, on medical cost trends. Can you give us some details behind the key drivers of trend and, I mean, what the overall underlying industry medical cost trends are that you're seeing? And then, what you're seeing as a company in terms of the trend, i.e. how much are you bending that industry cost curve? 
William Scheffel: Yes. I think with respect to Q1 particularly, I'm not sure this is an issue of medical cost trends across the company versus some issues in specific markets. For example, in South Carolina, what we saw particularly early in the quarter, January and February, was this Norovirus which impacted the costs in that market, but it's subsided quite a bit by the month of March. And in Texas, as we just talked about, there's some additional respiratory costs and things like that. So, overall, I don't think we're seeing anything that we'd say we see anything different in medical cost trends at this point in time than we have talked about in the past. I think they're relatively stable. In any one market in any one month, you may see some increases or decreases but I wouldn't call that a trend. And as we're guiding for the rest of the year we still think that our overall guidance for HBR of 87% to 88% is the right range for us. 
Michael Neidorff: So, as you think about it, you take Kentucky and we said that that's going to be higher and that's -- we're booking at it close to 100%. You take the other new markets and we have always classically said to the first few quarters they're at 90%, 95% and it was appropriate how new they are to managed care. And you take that with the kind of membership we've been adding, you can see where that would put -- what we could call pressure or elevation in HBR. And the fact that it's where it is, probably speaks to the fact that the rest of it is predictable and manageable. 
Charles Boorady: And you're suggesting that the growth in medical cost for the industry, for your end markets, are pretty consistent this year with what you saw last year? 
Michael Neidorff: Yes. I think there'll be some -- we'll see some pressure up, we've said that all along. But not -- I mean, that's not the key, in by any way, the largest driver of what you saw, that 230 basis point jump. That was more the new markets with some seasonality. I mean, we're pleased that that Norovirus stayed in South Carolina. I don't know how they shut down the borders around it. 
Charles Boorady: Kentucky. You talked about Kentucky. And we knew cost trends were higher previously. So I just want to understand if there's a real surprise back to there. According to the stat filing that we pulled, it looks like you booked 106% loss ratio in the fourth quarter, and you said you booked around 100% loss ratio in the 1Q. Is that the kind of improvement sequentially that you expected in Kentucky? Or did it come in a little bit above where you are hoping to get it into Q1? 
Michael Neidorff: Yes, I'll start it off and then I'll turn it over to Bill and Jesse. But I think, if you think about there's a lot of volatility in the membership, and a lot of shifting in membership taking place so that some of the tools utilities depend on were not as effective when you have that kind of shifting. Bill, you want to talk about the things that really impacted the... 
William Scheffel: Well, I think, one thing to think keep in mind, particularly when you look at the statutory financial statements, is we might have a slightly improved consolidated HBR in a market like Kentucky, after we consider our specialty companies. Because there is margin in the specialty companies which when we consolidate that with the individual states, show a lower HBR than what the statutory financial statements might show, which basically shows the benefit of having our specialty companies and the ability to use those across to all of our health plans. 
Michael Neidorff: And we charge ourselves market rates. And as we charge ourselves we would tell to any other health plan in that market. 
William Scheffel: So the margin on our pharmacy and things like that like there would be for using anybody. 
Charles Boorady: Got it. So the 106 versus the 100, not apples to apples basis, what was the sequential change in the Kentucky loss ratio and was it as good as you expected it would be knowing it takes time to get down to your targets? 
Michael Neidorff: Yes, it's pretty flat because -- it's fairly flat because as I said the membership's been bouncing around. And we think it's going to take 2, 3 or more quarters to get this normalized. It was virgin territory. They have not had managed care, and we're working through it. And we've seen this before in other states, that if you will, go back and you think about and we will normalize this. 
Charles Boorady: Got it, so just a last question, as I look at your guidance for the full year, it seems to imply an improvement in the loss ratio. Am I right in inferring that, that improvement's coming from legacy markets and so as I assume new enrollments are going to have a higher loss ratio coming in? And if I'm right about that, what are the drivers of the improvement in the loss ratios? 
Michael Neidorff: Right. Let's see, I'll start and ask Bill to pick it up. But if you think about it, in the legacy markets we have said we have predictable trend. We're working through. End markets will vary market to market a little bit. Some of the new markets with higher medical trend in the early quarters will start to normalize and then we will be bringing on some new markets, Washington and Missouri, for example, that will have higher trends. So it's a shifting mix as we grow the business. And from where we sit, it's a high level, good issue to have to deal with. I mean, you have a very viable growing business with the tools to manage the costs in the way you should. And these shifts are really more a function of cost than any other factor. Bill, anything you want to add to that? 
William Scheffel: I'd just say that we give our guidance. We try to give a full-year guidance with respect to our medical loss ratios, so 87% to 88%. It's not unusual, and particularly in the first quarter, you might be outside that range where we are at this point, 20 basis up over that. But for the rest of the year, obviously, to get back into the 87% to 88% range, we would run less than that I think at the whole year here. And that's clearly our expectation, what we would have forecast initially. As the new business matures, we will see and expect to see lower loss ratios in the second half of the year because we'll get -- it will be more seasoned and we won't have to provide additional levels of margin on that new business. So clearly for the rest of the year, we will see the ramp. As we said in particularly the second half of the year, as we've gotten Missouri and Washington online, all of the Louisiana membership will come online April 1 and June 1, Texas is on March 1 and April 1. So the benefit of all of that will certainly accumulate in this third and fourth quarters and expect to be significant contributors. 
Michael Neidorff: To point out what I said in my remarks have Mississippi and Illinois, they came online in 2011. They're normalized and they're contributing in line with where we expect to see it. And this is high acuity population. This was basically the ABD and some foster care in Mississippi. So there's a good model of where we brought it on early last year and it's normalized today. 
Operator: And our next question will come from Peter Costa of Wells Fargo Securities. 
Peter Costa: Can you talk a little bit about the rate in Texas? There was a lot of puts and takes on the rating with the rate cut, and then the carve in and the partial month, or just the partial quarter membership. Can you kind of talk about where the PMPM rates are going in Texas and what they are right now? 
William Scheffel: I think in Texas we had the rate decrease on September 1 of last year, which has flowed through. But then we had additional adjustments on March 1, which sort of, for all the new areas. And then I think on September 1, we'll have another rate change. So right now, we believe the rates in Texas are reasonable and fair. I think we worked well with the state from an actuarial soundness standpoint. And the issues that we have in there right now tend to be more just things like seasonal respiratory cost rather than they are an underlying rate problem or really an ongoing utilization problem. So at this point, we would expect the rates to be reasonable for the rest of the year. 
Michael Neidorff: I think, yes, you remember, we've been rebating a lot of funds back to the states over the years so they have that incremental move there. We just -- we probably won't be rebating as much this year as we have historically. 
William Scheffel: There's a lot of member mix issues that come into play and with that type of the membership that we have. So how many members are in STAR+PLUS, and how is STAR+PLUS having in-patient rates carved into it, the pharmacy carved in across the board. So it's a different ballgame on March 1 than was previously in terms of a lot of these factors. 
Michael Neidorff: And I'll just add I see it as a real positive to have that -- to have the law of large numbers sort of come to play as the year unfolds. So it's a nice place to be. 
Peter Costa: All right. That's kind of what I was trying to kind of nail down is, what exactly is the change in the PMPM rates? If you can kind of give us a percentage change or something... 
Michael Neidorff: I think what Bill said, that's hard to put that number out there right now. We have more membership that came on April 1 and we now have ABD, we have carved-in rates for the in-patient in STAR+PLUS, we have pharmacy coming in and that coming in too. So I want to be careful not to mislead and give you some sense to that. You can try and trend that and I would not be -- say the right way to go. 
William Scheffel: I will say with that with respect to our revenue guidance increase, over half of that is from Texas. 
Operator: And our next question will come from Carl McDonald of Citigroup. 
Carl McDonald: So, I want to talk about the specialty business. It looked like earnings in the first quarter nearly doubled versus where they were a year ago, which is a little surprising given the commentary that you had on the individual business. So can you talk about what the factors were that drove specialty earnings in the first quarter? If there are any one-time benefits or if you think $20 million is a reasonable go-forward earnings projection? 
Michael Neidorff: Bill, and then if Jesse, you want to add something. 
William Scheffel: Yes, I think the primary contributor there would have been from our PVM US Script in terms of the incremental change from last year. We have, between years, we've added pharmacy in Ohio, Kentucky and Texas. Texas is still only for one month in the quarter, but still is pretty significant. The Celtic business, our individual health business, I think what we -- we have a lower performance there than we really would like to have. But that's a small part of our business. And one of the things we're trying to explain, if you see the individual Health Benefit Ratios in our press release, there's a significant increase in our specialty HBR. That really is driven by the Celtic individual health business, not from our behavioral health business and other things that are included in there. And we would expect to continue at some level, similar level, for the specialty business on an ongoing basis. 
Michael Neidorff: Yes. I think it's just, once again, it's the benefit of being a multi-line company. 
Operator: And our next question will come from Matt Borsch of Goldman Sachs. 
Matthew Borsch: Yes. I just was hoping that you could give us a little more detail on the Celtic business that you alluded to. The -- was there some pressure on the results just geographically where you're seeing and is it more on the rate side or more on the utilization side? 
Jesse Hunter: Yes. So on that, there's a few drivers that we can speak to you and also talk about what we're doing about it. It is fairly targeted from a geographic perspective. So there are certain markets where we are seeing higher utilization so what -- where we are as a result of that. In addition to things that we were doing directly, we are also looking at targeted rate increases in those specific markets. And those would be geared towards the second half of 2012. In addition to that, we are looking more broadly at unit cost. So even though it's not specific to those particular markets there, we believe there are opportunities to get unit cost savings, which would benefit the entire book. So as we're looking at that Celtic portfolio and the multiple states that, where we do business there, we see opportunity to pick that up again, it would benefit the second half of the year. 
Matthew Borsch: All right. And just, separately, could just give us a comment and update on the Ohio Medicaid contract situation? 
Michael Neidorff: Yes, I think as I said we really don't want to comment on something that's under appeal. We're going through the process. We believe we have a strong appeal. And so I can't even speak to the timing because the state has a lot of flexibility in how long they take to get back to us. 
Operator: The next question will come from Chris Rigg of Susquehanna. 
Christian Rigg: I just want to come back to the loss ratio comments. I hear you on the second half improvement but I guess, sequentially when you have sort of a full quarter's worth of Texas, does that exert sort of upward pressure on the consolidated number, relative to Q1? Or should we still expect some improvement in the second quarter overall? 
William Scheffel: I think you'll see an improvement in the second quarter overall. We generally see second, third quarters are fairly low. They're good quarters for us in terms of the MLR. And we expect that the seasonality things that we saw in Q1 will abate and we really don't think the expansion membership, and we will record that at a 90% or so HBR to start with, but that's planned in our forecast. It was all along in our forecast that way so we really expect to see an improvement for the rest of the year. 
Michael Neidorff: It's kind of a bridge to the second half. 
Christian Rigg: Got you. And then in terms of the startup costs, $0.13 to $0.15 in the second quarter. Is there anything implied in guidance for the second half of 2012, all of things being equal, no new business one? 
Michael Neidorff: Well, I mean I'll start it off and Bill and others can jump in. But if you think about it, in the case of Missouri and Washington by example, we have all the hiring, recruiting and placement, the office setup, the systems, all those expenses without revenue. And so that's the issue and as you get the revenue coming on, you get the offset. 
William Scheffel: Yes, I would just say, with comparing first half to second half, we have a much, a greater amount of business that's coming on between Louisiana, which started February 1, to Texas expansion on March 1, and then Washington and Missouri on July 1. So those kind of accumulate to a large number for the first half. In the second half, we are anticipating fewer states to start up. We are building into our guidance some startups for let's say January 1 of '13. So we would have some fourth quarter start-up costs which we've included in our guidance and our estimates, but at a substantially reduced level than that we were seeing in the first and second quarters. 
Jesse Hunter: So, just one thing to add is we -- if we broaden the definition to business expansion costs, we do expect a reasonable amount of activity in the second half of the year. And that will be incorporated into our broader business expansion cost definition. 
William Scheffel: And that's a continued run rate that we have in terms of activity on some of those areas. 
Operator: And our next question will come from Scott Green of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 
Scott Green: First, could you talk a little bit about your experience on the new Texas markets, like the Rio Grande Valley? Maybe how that faired versus your existing membership base in Texas? 
Michael Neidorff: Yes. I think, if you think about it we have one month with several part of the membership in the month of March. And to try and say more than we have about it, we would just be hazarding some guesses. And we're getting a better feel of it. We have another 70,000 lives that came on April 1. So we had, 370,000 lives over 2 months. Although we'll take a little more time before we start hazarding those kinds of guesses. We'll make it more fact based as our dashboards and other things start to come into play. 
Scott Green: Okay, all right. So then the -- seemed like there were 2 issues you called out in Texas, the STAR+PLUS in-patient and then some flu-related costs, if I'm summarizing correctly. And where those kind of spread out evenly throughout the state? Or was there an isolated region where you saw those issues? 
Jesse Hunter: Yes, Scott. It's Jesse. The -- first, just to clarify, we were focused on respiratory issues, which are not specifically flu but still seasonal in nature. And I wouldn't comment at this point about the kind of the geographic concentration in STAR+PLUS. We have broad book of STAR+PLUS business. In-patient was new in all those regions and so I think that we're seeing that more broadly, and I wouldn't narrow it into a particular geographic area within Texas. 
Michael Neidorff: And the respiratory things is very consistent every year where some parts of the state are subject to people using various fuels to heat their homes and things and that just has an impact. And that's standard and to be expected. 
Scott Green: Okay. All right. And one last one on Texas. Is it a bit surprising for the inpatient cost to be higher than expected, considering you were managing these numbers already? So it's not really that the number came from unmanaged fee-for-service to managed care that the... 
Michael Neidorff: No. No, Scott. We were not managing the in-patient side. The in-patient was outside at privy. We're dealing with a physician at that point, outpatient services. When you pick up the whole new in-patient side there's a curve on that obviously. 
Scott Green: Okay. Could you quantify what you estimate is the seasonal impact on the MLR in the first quarter? So if it's respiratory issues. And then to the extent leap year had an impact. Could you try to quantify that for us? 
William Scheffel: I think that we really don't have a specific number that we're going to give other than to say that we, obviously, were impacted both in several markets by the seasonality. It wasn't across the company. It was really South Carolina and Texas more than anything in the seasonality side of it. And we expect that to abate in Q2. 
Michael Neidorff: And leap year, the extra day... 
William Scheffel: Things like that. 
Michael Neidorff: Yes. 
Scott Green: Okay, but, all right, so you're assuming it gets better, but you can't share by how much it will get better because of those 2 issues? 
William Scheffel: Again, I think, we're staying with our guided range rates. We are at 87% to 88%. In the first quarter we were above that, 88.2%. But we do expect, obviously, to be back in that range for the whole year. So obviously, we do expect improvement which we would have through the reduction of the seasonality. 
Scott Green: When I think about the impact of leap year, it's kind of simple just to think about 1 divided by 90 days or so. But is the impact, would it be a lot less than that if some of your costs to providers are capitated so that's a pass through? Is there any way to think about the impact of what the leap year might be? 
William Scheffel: Most of the costs are not going to be capitated. And so, we really have an additional day where our members can go to the pharmacy and get drugs filled, additional day of hospitalization, additional day of office visits, specialty, you name it. So I think your initial math is kind of similar to what we've looked at, it is an additional full day of medical costs that occurs as a result of that and it is what it is. 
Michael Neidorff: Yes, it would be better if leap year was in July or August. 
Scott Green: One last one, I guess. So you talked about some new, like Missouri and Washington coming on. That's -- it sounded like contributing to the higher guidance. So are new markets like that immediately accretive out of the box? 
Michael Neidorff: We said earlier that we will book new markets at a higher MLR. 
William Scheffel: And market-by-market, it depends based on the data book and our review of what the rates are and expectations, et cetera. But if we thought the HBR was going to be at 90%, for example, it would be accretive because our G&A load incrementally is going to be less and it would add in. So as we look at these 2 markets coming on, we do expect them to contribute for the second half of the year. We'll incur the start up costs in the first half of the year but then once they start generating revenue, there will be an immediate change in terms of the contribution level. 
Michael Neidorff: That contribution will get stronger over a period of time as it becomes more managed so... 
Scott Green: Is there a point where 90% isn't as conservative anymore for a new market if your current business is over 88% at this point? 
William Scheffel: I would say that when we look at each market, we have to take into account what our expectations are in terms of the long-term HBR, how we might have bid the rates in a particular case. And then we book what we would consider to be a reasonably conservative HBR in the initial 6 months or more of operations. With as we said in Kentucky, we're running at around 100% so we're not booking 90% in Kentucky. We're higher in some of those markets where we see that, that would be more appropriate. So overall, we think in normalized markets, 90% should be about the right number. 
Operator: And our next question will come from Scott Fidel of Deutsche Bank. 
Scott Fidel: Just had a question on Ohio. And maybe if you can help us think about the contribution that you're expecting from Ohio in 2012 as a percentage of earnings. And if you're not comfortable going into that level of detail, maybe just talk about some of the margin assumptions that you're building in. And really, what I'm trying to get at is clearly Ohio for most of the companies there they've been operating at very attractive margins, at least in 2011, due to some of the rate increases and cost improvements. So were you assuming that the margins in Ohio were or are going to start to normalize pretty significantly in 2012? Or are you still assuming that, that's going to be an above-average contributor to earnings in 2012? 
Michael Neidorff: Well each state is different in terms of their individual contributions. In Ohio, the state has been performing well. The health plan has been performing well for several years now. So it has been a meaningful contributor to the company. We're not going to get into specifics of percentages, totals or things like that. But it's a well-run operation. They have high-quality marks and overall, they're a good performer. 
Scott Fidel: It's better, should have noted that out because of particularly the consolidated margin coming under pressure this year due to all the new business start ups that there would be a fairly richer margin assumed in that business like in 2012 relative to the consolidated margin? 
William Scheffel: Well, clearly the more mature businesses, and I would call Ohio is mature, are contributing more than the new businesses which are booking at higher margins to create, to develop margins and in dealing with things like continuity of care and normality. So I think that's a good assumption, yes. 
Scott Fidel: Okay. Then, I just had a follow-up question back on Kentucky And if you think about sort of the factors that have driven you to underwrite that business at a materially higher loss ratio initially, whether it's 100% or 105% compared to that 90% traditionally. Can you help us think about sort of how much of a factor pricing is as compared to some of the mix changes you're seeing as compared to just that the cost trends are higher because it's an unmanaged market, where it didn't have managed care before. 
Jesse Hunter: Yes, Scott. I think it's obviously, it's a combination of factors there. And this was a situation where there was a competitive price. So clearly, pricing is a factor. And I think as a result of the process there where you've got your different prices across the 3 incumbents now. That's a factor, right, in terms of the actions, reactions, et cetera. So those, yes, those kind of go hand-in-hand. I think the fact that it's -- has been an unmanaged market is clearly a meaningful factor. You've got a number of populations that have been brought into managed care. You've got, including high acuity populations and then, so that's kind of normal, I would say, in terms of that fee-for-service to manage care transition. Although a little more volatile in Kentucky than we've seen in some of the other markets. And then you have, I would say, in addition to that, you have some Kentucky specific factors. Things like prescription drugs, overutilization, over subscribing, things along those lines that we've seen. And that we're working aggressively to with the state and with the provider community to address. So it's really a combination of all those things that are resulting in what we're seeing now. And obviously we're working hard to improve that. 
Michael Neidorff: I think if there's any parallels, other states we'd run into, that are really virgin territories where they got no managed care, this plan came up very quickly in a matter of 5 months or so from start to end. And we were up and running so there's some of the educational things you do upfront that's why we're booking ahead of this. But once again, we feel that over the terms of the contract, margins will be normalized and we will work out well. 
Scott Fidel: So you did a good analogue as sort of what we saw in Ohio back in '04 when that was initially launched, but with a faster implementation time that was required for Kentucky then that plans happened for Ohio initially? 
Michael Neidorff: Yes, I mean that might be a good proxy to look at. How can you -- in our own staff, it means, these -- we have to look back at some of the states. And the issues were not dissimilar than we were talking to you then about and now we're talking about the margins, the positive aspect of Ohio. So you're right on, Scott. 
Scott Fidel: Okay. And then, just one last quick question. Just on Kentucky again. It's probably a tough exercise for you guys to have done. But has there been any way to parse out sort of the utilization or acuity profile or the trends that you saw with the stayers, essentially the membership that you still have post the membership dip in the first quarter as compared to the leavers that exited to other plans during that open enrollment period? 
Michael Neidorff: I don't think we have a lot of data on that. That's... 
William Scheffel: We're looking at that. But I would say right now, it's not something that we really want to comment on. 
Michael Neidorff: You would tend to be more in the speculative side. 
Operator: And the next question will come from the location of Sarah James and colleagues out at Wedbush. 
Sarah James: I believe Ohio is looking for a bitter or a better partnership for the duals contracts that has a Medicaid contract in the state. So if in the event that the protest is not overturned, would a partnership with one of the 2 smaller awardees be something that you would even be open to? 
Michael Neidorff: Well, I think if we were going to think about it, we wouldn't talk about it at this point. But you can take that either way as a yes or no. Okay? Yes, it is a fair question but not one I want to comment on. 
Sarah James: Just thinking in theory. If someone was to pursue a partnership logistically, is that even possible seeing that the due date for the duals contract is at the end of May, but we don't really know when the protest award is going to be decided but it's probably after the dual contracts is due, so logistically, is that even possible? 
Michael Neidorff: I think it's really better to say that we have the capability to do these things within our total market basket of skills and capabilities, and never say never. But I'm not saying we're ever going to do it either. 
Sarah James: Okay. And then on the Celtic's uptick in cost, I was wondering if that's more of a utilization uptick or something that might be influenced by consumer demand for health care services? Or if it's more of a acuity or pricing issue? 
Jesse Hunter: Yes, I think -- yes, Sarah, as we've mentioned before, we are seeing an increase in utilization. So that's, I'd say, the principal driver. Yes, I think there may be some of those other macro factors, economic drivers, changing regulatory environment and other things which could be kind of a precedent factor that would be driving the higher utilization. But I think the end result is higher utilization. 
Operator: Our next question will come from David Windley of Jefferies. 
David Windley: I wanted to come at the HBR a little bit differently. If I'm interpreting your comments about Kentucky correctly, I would guess that your kind of revisit or reforecasting of the year would be -- would that carry a little bit higher cost than maybe where you were at the beginning of the year? And then your Missouri and Washington assumptions are new to your guidance and so it would seem that at least, those 3 -- excuse me, at least those 3 factors would have an upward bias to your consolidated HBR. You are keeping that constant. And so I'm interested in what the offsetting factors are to keep that constant. What are the elements that are better than your previous assumptions? 
William Scheffel: You're correct in the sense that you have to look at the overall mix to see how that gets weighted. And I think as I said, over half of the increase in the revenue guidance comes from Texas. So I think that's probably going to be the offset that you're looking for. I would agree that we've added -- we go and we look at every market and we do the reforecast for our guidance, and there are ups and downs. Kentucky continues to be at a high level. Missouri and Washington are -- or not anything, I would say, that are drastically different than where we would have been coming up on an average for the whole year. And Texas addition, really has offset that to get it back in the range. 
David Windley: Okay. And on your comment on Missouri and Washington, are you planning to initiate those or upon implementation, you would accrue those at appropriately conservative levels as you normally do, so north of 90? 
Michael Neidorff: I'd say they're 2 different markets. I don't know if they're north of 90 or but they will be appropriately conservative, yes. 
David Windley: And then final question. I think your guidance on investment income kind of off a beaten path here. But investment income is about $16 million to $17 million. You had -- your on a $20 million run rate in the first quarter. Anything we should know there? 
William Scheffel: I don't think there's anything particularly worth mentioning at this point in time. I think some of those are different investment products that we have that could be are offsetting other investment, other liabilities we have in deferred comp and some things like that where we've tried to match up some of those programs. 
Operator: And our next question will come from Michael Baker of Raymond James. 
Michael Baker: I was wondering if you could update us with respect to the birthrate, what you're seeing there? How that trended? And then historically, how closely you've seen that tied to the economy? 
Michael Neidorff: Mary? 
Mary Mason: Mary Mason. When we look across our markets we may be seeing a slight decrease in our birthrate. But this is something that goes up, that goes down. But it's staying pretty flat. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Melissa McGinnis of Morgan Stanley. 
Melissa McGinnis: To touch briefly on Centene's positioning for the duals in your early prepared commentary. And I believe health plans had to submit letters of intent by state to CMS in early April. Can you just confirm which states it is that Centene is most interested in participating and has submitted a letter of intent to CMS? 
Jesse Hunter: Yes, this is Jesse. Obviously, we are particularly interested in the duals opportunity. I won't go through kind of the laundry list of states where we submitted. But I guess what I would say is when we look at the criteria for our participation there, in our existing markets, you should expect that we would participate in those opportunities in our existing markets, or kind of pending markets, if you will. And then there are other markets which -- where we either think that the markets are potentially attractive or the duals opportunity, specifically, is attractive and we would have submitted our intent on that basis. 
Melissa McGinnis: Okay, great. And not to belabor a point, but to just really understand the MLR seasonality as we think through new businesses and core business as we get into the second half of the year. It would seem like in Q1 maybe MLR came in a little high. You did have bigger Texas for one month, 2 months of 1/3 of Louisiana contracts. But it seems like you'll have actually a lot more new business coming on in Q2 when Texas is in for a whole quarter. And then we'll also have Washington and Missouri in the back parts of the year. Are you expecting maybe MLR improvement in the back half on your legacy business because of rate improvements? And if so, are you seeing in conversations with the states that maybe certain things in your core business will be tracking better relative to expectations on the rate front or the cost front? Because I'm just having a hard time understanding the new business versus the core business kind of pattern there. 
William Scheffel: Sure. Just a couple of things. On rates, we, I think Michael mentioned in South Carolina, we are working with the state for an April 1 rate adjustment. They should be finalized in the near future to help with regard to that state. Other rates, there's a few states we have July 1, September 1. Those are -- we are not expecting anything particularly significant in terms of rate adjustments for the remainder of the year in our states where we're working with each state that -- where that's applicable to to make sure they're actuarially sound. I think the other thing that I would point out with respect to the new businesses and the new -- the MLR impact of when we bring those on is we might record let's say a 90% HBR for that new business. But we will also benefit from the specialty companies in the margin that we will generate in the specialty company. So on an overall basis, we will not be as high as 90% in those markets when you take that into account. So I think there's contribution from the specialty companies was also an important aspect of that. 
Michael Neidorff: I think, if you look at historic data, you'll go back to see that the markets when they were new, we said the same thing. We said it's going to be in the 90%, 95% initially. And we said it could be for 2, 3 quarters. And how quickly we're able to bring it in is a function of the network, how used to managed care they are, a number of factors. But every market we go into and the rates that we use, we've done some actuarial studies, and know that we're capable of bringing it into a normalized margin over time. And there is no magic wand that just takes it from the 95% instantly. Because we're more concerned in doing things sort of at a sustained level. And we do things in a very methodical way that they were sustained. And if we see some uptick, it tends to be because of some seasonality, a flu season, respiratory thing, something of that nature, that can be market specific. And we'll just continue down that same cadence in our new markets and they'll come on stream and start to, like somebody mentioned earlier, it's like Ohio. There are a lot of same questions about Ohio we're getting about Kentucky before years ago. So it's a good plan today. 
Melissa McGinnis: Okay, great. And then, final question. If we think about one of the near-term pipeline opportunities it's the Kansas RFP and I think Kansas is a little bit somewhat related to Kentucky is pretty priced focused on the contract. How is Centene thinking about their positioning for the Kansas RFP? And then maybe thinking about the Kentucky experience out of the gate and that price competitive bid? How you might approach the Kansas RFP, either maybe differently? 
Michael Neidorff: Well, I have to answer this in traditional fashion that until the state announces who's participating, we don't presume that we're going to be there. Or talk about it in that context. So we always believed that it's up to the states to announce who's going to be there and who's not. But if we're in states, whether it be Kansas, Kentucky or anywhere where there is a price bid, we get the data. We run it through our predictive models. We work with our actuaries, our consulting actuaries, our internal actuaries. And we come up with rates that we believe will protect normalized margins over the course of the contract and a reasonable period of time. And we're not trying to grow the top line without seeing longer-term benefits to the bottom line. And it's just as I said, there's no magic ball that you go in and it will tell you you're profitable. It takes time. 
Operator: And our next question will come from Brian Wright of Monness, Crespi and Hardt. 
Brian Wright: If you could help me out with the Texas STAR+PLUS rates, embedded in those rates was an assumption for utilization levels. And I was just curious what were those assumptions? Where they fee-for-service utilization levels? Or was there a discount for fee-for-service utilization levels and those assumed rates? 
Michael Neidorff: Bill, we don't have our actuaries here but go ahead. 
Jesse Hunter: Yes, I can't comment specifically, Brian, on what was included there. But in general, as states go through that process and what the state of Texas has done broadly is they would look at their historical experience and they would apply a series of adjustments. As you recall, the state of Texas had the rates. So they are working through -- they work through their actuaries to get to all of the various factors, which would include generally some form of managed care savings as part of that rate setting process. 
Brian Wright: And that would be true on the in-patient carve-in as well? 
Jesse Hunter: I think it will be true for all aspects of the business but they are, we are contracting with state of Texas. 
Brian Wright: And then on a follow-up. So just in the Texas existing business, you highlighted the respiratory, which sounds very seasonal. But is there -- were there other categories of medical costs that were also elevated? 
William Scheffel: Nothing that really popped out or was -- indicated anything just market by market. 
Michael Neidorff: What we normally see, nothing more. 
Brian Wright: Okay. And then on the reduced variable comp cost in the quarter, what was the impact on G&A? How much higher would G&A then had the variable comp been as expected? 
William Scheffel: We don't really try to quantify what that is. It's built in. It's part of our G&A assumptions at the beginning year. If we do well, we accrue that. If we don't, we don't accrue it. 
Michael Neidorff: Yes, it's a function of how in the quarter, the shareholders always come first. 
Brian Wright: Well, I did have one more. On the DCPs, on that guidance for 39 to 44 for the year. You're at 44.7 for the first quarter. How should we think about that progressing through the year considering you are adding on a bunch of new business? 
William Scheffel: I think as the reconciliation shows, the DCP tends to go up when we have large increases in new states that we add or Texas expansion for a while, until it normalizes, but then it will come down. I think as we said last year at Investor Day or whatever, we are seeing increasing rates of electronic submissions and auto adjudications. So we do believe that as the claims received normalizes, we will see a decrease in DCP because we're seeing a decrease in the time that it takes to receive and process the claims. 
Michael Neidorff: I mean, I would say a percent of all adjudication, a percent of electronic filings just continues to grow because cash is king to everybody. And they figure out we pay fast when we get the claims fast. 
Brian Wright: Okay. I'm just a little surprised because given the amount of new businesses coming on throughout the year, given the initial favorable impact to the DCPs why the range would still be significantly below where you are now. 
William Scheffel: Again, I think directionally that's where we think we're going to be heading over time. And in any one quarter, you could have a particular issue as a new state comes on. And we said we expect, our targeted range continues to be 39 to 44, we believe that's correct. But any one quarter there could be an exception because we just brought up a new state. 
Michael Neidorff: Anyway we gave you the detail in the press release and you can go back and see over time to what the impact's been. 
Operator: Mr. Neidorff, at this time, we are showing no additional questions in the queue. So I'll turn it over back to you, sir, for closing remarks. 
Michael Neidorff: Oh. See, I could magnanimous, feel I'll take one more but there are no more. I want to thank everybody and look forward to seeing you on our Investor Day. And have a good quarter. Thank you. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, the conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-07 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Centene Corporation Fourth Quarter and Year End Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. Now I would like to turn the conference over to Ed Kroll. Please go ahead. 
Edmund Kroll: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. I'm Ed Kroll, Senior Vice President, Finance and Investor Relations at Centene Corporation. Michael Neidorff, Centene's Chairman, Chief Executive Officer; and Bill Scheffel, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Centene, will host this morning's call. The call is expected to last approximately 45 minutes and may be accessed through our website at www.centene.com. A replay will be available shortly after the call's completion also at centene.com or by dialing (877) 344-7529 in the U.S. and Canada, or (412) 317-0088 from other countries with the playback number for both phone numbers 10008192.
 Any remarks that Centene may make about future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provision under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in Centene's most recently filed Form 10-Q dated October 25, 2011, and other public SEC filings.
 Centene anticipates that subsequent events and developments will cause its estimates to change. While the company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so.
 As a reminder, you can find our 2012 earnings release dates on our website in the Investor Relations section, and another reminder that our next Investor Day is June 14, 2012, in New York City. Please mark your calendars.
 And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Michael Neidorff. Michael? 
Michael Neidorff: Thank you, Ed. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining Centene's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2011 Earnings Call.
 2011 was a very successful year for Centene. I plan to be relatively brief as I believe the results speak for themselves. We delivered another strong financial performance marked by Premium and Service revenue growth in excess of 20%, and earnings per share growth of 23%, excluding the $0.10 charge related to debt extinguishment cost.
 We also significantly expanded our geographic footprint in 2011. We commenced operations in 3 new states. On January 1, we began serving ABD and Foster Care recipients in Mississippi. In May, we initiated operations in Illinois, serving ABD lives across 6 counties. And on November 1, we commenced operations in Kentucky, providing services to the state's tenants, CHIP, ABD and Foster Care populations. All 3 new states are transitioning well and performing in line with financial and operational expectations.
 We had a successful $250 million bond offering with a 5 and 3.25 coupon, which is currently trading at 102% at par. We opened a state-of-the-art data center that will support tripling the size of our business.
 We continue to hire senior management talent to strengthen the organization at both the health plan and levels corporate.
 We won 6 out of 6 health plan RFPs that we bid for in 2011. These include new states such as Kentucky, Louisiana as well as contract renewals and expansions to existing states, Texas, Massachusetts and Arizona.
 We ended the year with 181,000 lives in Kentucky, as a result of that 90-day selection period where members could choose a different plan. We expect first quarter 2012 membership to decline somewhere between 135,000 and 145,000 lives. The decline is a result of our product benefit design, which is driven by our HBR and margin objectives. This disciplined strategy is consistent with our stated objective of being a low-cost producer. This membership level is included in the 2012 financial guidelines.
 On January 1, 2012, our Nurtur subsidiary commenced operations providing disease management services to state employees in Louisiana. On February 1, we commenced Medicaid operations in Louisiana where we are serving the state's tenants, CHIP, ABD and Foster Care beneficiaries as part of the Bayou Health program.
 2012 is off to a good start. Centene was selected to contract with the Washington Health Care Authority to serve Medicaid beneficiaries in that state. This program includes 700,000 TANF and SCHIP recipients, as well as 100,000 non-dual SSI beneficiaries and 40,000 low-income adults. This later population provides an opportunity for us to manage some of these low-cost low-income adults, under which we would be our fifth hybrid product. We anticipate finalizing our Washington contract by the end of February. Operations are expected to commence in the third quarter of 2012. We plan to provide financial guidance on Washington on or before our first quarter 2012 earnings call. With the addition of Washington, Centene will operate health plans and/or hybrid programs in 15 states.
 The 2012 RFP pipeline remains strong. It is our policy not to comment on which RFPs we are pursuing. However, I will say that we are currently assessing numerous opportunities in various stages of development. For example, Ohio recently issued a request for application. The state will rebid its existing Managed Care population and an expanded portion of their ABD population. We have a strong relationship in that state and expect to continue providing our services in Ohio's existing and expanded population. Two of our other existing states, Georgia and Florida, are contemplating a reprocurement in expansions that could lead to incremental business in 2013 and 2014. States with RFPs that are pending include New Hampshire, Kansas, Massachusetts and Missouri. We will adhere to our prudent evaluation process as we compete for a potential RFP pipeline worth roughly $45 billion.
 Now on to some other topics of interest. First, the rate environment. As previously communicated, Centene's composite full year 2011 rate adjustment was minus one within our guided range. Final approval from CMS was received for the rate increase in Georgia and Florida. The Georgia rate was retroactive to July 1, and the Florida rate was retroactive to September 1.
 For our March 1 service area expansion in Texas, we have a generally -- a general agreement for actuary sound rates that is pending final CMS approval. Bill will comment further on 2012 values. 
 2011 was a tight year for reimbursement, yet a year in which we essentially maintained our margins. We expect the rate environment in 2012 to be similar to that of 2011 and continue to believe states will provide actuary sound rates.
 Next, healthcare reform. Various aspects of the health care reform law are uncertain to this point in time. Next month, the Supreme Court is set to hear arguments that will impact the individual mandate and the Medicaid expansion. It is particularly noteworthy that the court has scheduled 3 days for discussion on this matter compared to one hour allotted in most cases. The Supreme Court is expected to issue a decision this summer.
 While there is always some element of risk in a matter such as this, we do not believe the outcome of the reform law review will change the demand for our managed care services. Centene will continue to add value as we improve health outcomes in same state money. While we are prepared for reform in 2014 and beyond, our main focus is on a successful 2012 and 2013.
 Now on to medical cost trends and utilization. Throughout 2011, utilization remained at the low end of the historic norms. Nevertheless, we do expect utilization to return to more normal levels in 2012 and have factored that into our guidance.
 Lastly, dual eligibles. Clearly, the movement of the dual eligible population in the Medicaid Managed Care has gained providence. While they may comprise less than 10% of the overall Medicare/Medicaid population, this group accounts for over 1/3 of the total annual spend of Medicare and Medicaid combined.
 Over the last few years, Centene has strongly advocated for the movement of such high acuity populations in the managed care. In fact, we have more than doubled our ABD and Medicare membership in 2011. The tools which are a component of this high acuity population represents significant growth opportunities going forward.
 We are well positioned to help states care for duals. Our advanced medical management and predictive modeling tools and real-time data are essential to the appropriate management of this population.
 Next, I'll briefly comment on our solid fourth quarter results.
 Premium Service revenues grew 29% year-over-year to $1.5 billion, as our enrollment increased by more than 18%. Our HBR was generally steady at the 84.9% level in the first 2 quarters of 2011. As expected, the fourth quarter HBR increased sequentially year-over-year due to the commencement of our Kentucky operation in November.
 Our G&A ratio improved as we leveraged our infrastructure despite an offset from additional business expansion cost. While we will continue to make the necessary investments to ensure Q2 growth improvements, our G&A ratio remains a top priority for Centene.
 Our diluted earnings per share in the fourth quarter grew 14% year-over-year due to the impact of our Kentucky startup.
 In summary, 2011 was a very strong year across the entire Centene platform. We are more focused than ever on fundamentals, execution and growth opportunities in 2012 and beyond. I'm very proud of our team and look forward to another strong year in 2012.
 I will now turn the call over to Bill, who will provide fourth quarter and full year 2011 financial details. Bill? 
William Scheffel: Thank you, Michael, and good morning. For the fourth quarter of 2011, Premium and Service revenues were $1.46 billion compared to $1.13 billion in 2010, a 29% increase between years. For the year ended December 31, 2011, Premium and Service revenues were $5.18 billion compared to $4.28 billion in 2010, representing a 20.9% increase between years. The increase in our Premium and Service revenue for the fourth quarter and full year 2011 is due to the startup of operations in new states this year, including Mississippi, Illinois and Kentucky, along with the continued expansion of our Florida business, including the Citrus acquisition, which closed in December 2010, the addition of the Dallas STAR+PLUS area in February 2011, and the expanded long-term care contract in Arizona effective October 1, 2011.
 As we discussed during our presentation in December, we have reclassified certain costs to be more consistent with the NAIC definition of medical costs. This reclassification had the effect of increasing our fourth quarter health benefits ratio by 190 basis points and lowering our G&A ratio by 180 basis points.
 Reflecting the new classifications, our consolidated health benefits ratio was 85.9% for the fourth quarter of 2011, compared to 85.0% in the fourth quarter of 2010 and 85.0% in the third quarter of 2011. The 90-basis point increase between years and sequentially primarily reflects the inclusion of 2 months operations for the Kentucky health plan. Consistent with our normal reserving practices for new plans, we have established reserves for Kentucky at a higher rate in the initial period of operations.
 The full year 2011 health benefits ratio was 85.2%, compared to 85.5% for the full year of 2010. The 30-basis point year-over-year improvement was primarily due to the impact of lower utilization experienced throughout 2011, partially offset by the impact of the addition of the Kentucky health plan in the fourth quarter.
 Our general and administrative expense ratio under this new basis was 11.0% for the fourth quarter of 2011, compared to 11.3% in the fourth quarter last year and 11.3% in the third quarter of 2011. The decrease in the fourth quarter G&A ratio over last year and sequentially reflects the additional leverage from the startup of operations in Kentucky on November 1.
 The general and administrative expense ratio for the full year 2011 was 11.3%, compared to 11.2% for the full year last year. The 10-basis point increase in the G&A ratio reflects higher levels of business expansion costs mitigated by the leveraging of our expenses over higher revenues.
 Our fourth quarter investment in other income was $4.0 million, an increase of $0.7 million from the prior year. And our full year 2011 investment and other income was $13.4 million, a decline of $1.8 million year-over-year, reflecting the continued low level of interest rates.
 Interest expense was $4.8 million in the fourth quarter of 2011, compared to $5.5 million for the fourth quarter of 2010. The decrease between years reflects the lower rates we are paying on the $250 million of senior notes after adjusting for our interest rate swap.
 Interest expense for 2011 was $20.3 million versus $18.0 million in 2010. And the increase in interest expense for the full year reflects a higher level borrowing and a full year of interest expense on the debt related to our headquarters building. Interest was capitalized for the building during the construction period, which ended June 30, 2010. 
 Excluding the amounts attributable to non-controlling interest, our fourth quarter tax rate was 36.5%, compared to 40.0% in the fourth quarter of 2010. The fourth quarter of 2011 benefited from an increase in federal tax credits and lower state income taxes. Our full year 2011 tax rate was 37.4%, compared to 39.7% in 2010. Our effective tax rate in 2010 was higher primarily as a result of a write-off of certain deferred tax assets related to a tax law change in one of our states.
 Diluted earnings per share for the fourth quarter was $0.57 compared to $0.50 a year ago. For the year, our diluted earnings per share from continuing operations was $2.12 in 2011, compared to $1.80 in 2010. And our 2011 results also include the $0.10 charge related to debt extinguishment costs incurred in the second quarter.
 At December 31, we had cash, investments and restricted deposits of over $1.2 billion, including $38 million held by unregulated entities. We have estimated our risk-based capital percentage to continue to be in excess of 350% of the authorized control level at December 31, 2011.
 At year end, our total debt was $352 million. And our debt-to-capital ratio was 27.3%. Excluding the non-recourse mortgage note, our debt-to-capital ratio was 22.6%.
 Our medical claims liabilities totaled $608 million at December 31, 2011, representing 45.3 days in claims payable, which is higher than our 39 to 44 targeted range discussed in December. This reflects the impact of the addition of Kentucky effective November 1, and a higher level of claims than normal due to the year-end holiday schedule.
 We ended the year with cash flow from operations of $262 million, which is 2.4x earnings. And for the fourth quarter, our cash flow from operations was $172 million. Our 2011 cash flow from operations was largely impacted by 2 offsetting items. First, the amount of unearned revenue decreased by $107 million between years, as we did not have any states prepay the January capitation payment in December of 2011. And second, we had an increase of $150 million in our medical claims liability year-over-year, reflecting the increase in our operations between years.
 I'll remind everyone that our cash flow from operations can be impacted in any quarter based on changes to state's payment patterns. For example, one of our states is currently planning on holding payments for as much as $150 million during the first quarter and then catching up during the second quarter. These are really just timing issues and have no impact on operations, income or quality of earnings in our opinion.
 I would now like to reaffirm the 2012 financial guidance that we announced in December. We expect Premium and Service revenues of $7.2 billion to $7.6 billion, and earnings per diluted share of $2.60 to $2.80. We are guiding the health benefits ratio to 87% to 88%, the consolidated G&A ratio to 9.5% to 10.0% and diluted shares outstanding of approximately 53.4 million.
 Our 2012 guidance assumes that the Texas expansion will begin on March 1, which required CMS approval including rates. At this point, we have not updated our guidance to reflect the contract award in Washington. We expect to finalize the contract later this month and will include the impact of the Washington contract in our first quarter guidance call.
 As previously discussed, we expect to have a high level of business expansion cost in the first quarter amounting to $0.10 to $0.12, reflecting the February 1 start date for Louisiana, the March 1 start date for our Texas expansion and the initial cost related to our July 1 start date in Washington.
 Operator, you may now open up the line for questions. 
Michael Neidorff: Thank you, Bill. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Matt Borsch of Goldman Sachs. 
Matthew Borsch: My first question is if you can talk at all to the experience that you've seen so far in your new Kentucky market. And maybe related to that, any observations that you can give us on volumes as you ended the year. We're just trying to get a sense on utilization trend coming into 2012. And I guess, a question that would drive that a little bit is if you're seeing any change in the birth rate. 
Michael Neidorff: Okay. I'll turn some of this over to Jesse in a moment. But obviously, with one month of operations November. In the second month, it's still under development. I would be -- it'd be difficult to trend that with any accuracy. It would be a guess, Matt, so we'll be careful of that. But Jesse can give you some sense of the membership and how we were managing that. 
Jesse Hunter: Yes, Matt, it's Jesse Hunter. So Michael referenced the membership and the discipline that we had both in entering the market we've maintained and both with respect to benefit design network, et cetera. So we are anticipating a reduction in the membership volumes as we go into the Q1 in a more normalized level after membership choice, et cetera. I think with respect to the broad utilization, as Michael said, we're not in a position now to have enough data and development to answer that in a meaningful way just yet. But we are booking still at the higher levels, approaching 100%, that type of thing, Matt. So it could be very conservative. 
Matthew Borsch: And what about just your most recent look at utilization trend broadly across your market, and maybe related to that the birthrate? Have you seen anything that gives you an indicator of whether it's running about the same higher or lower? 
Michael Neidorff: Yes. I will comment. As I said in my script, we see it lower. We see it returning to normal. I will ask Mary to comment in a minute. But -- so things like the flu season when you have very cold winters, we find the flu season is reduced. So there's still a risk that the flu could pick up in this first quarter because we have this unusually warm weather and circumstances that can contribute to that. But with that, I'll ask Mary to... 
Mary Mason: Good morning. And really -- our medical trends, as Michael said, have really been generally flat and stable. As far as the birthrate, obviously, it's something that we continue to watch closely. We have seen some very slight decrease trends if you look quarter-to-quarter and year-over-year. But really, really nothing that has been a major issue. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Josh Raskin of Barclays. 
Joshua Raskin: Just a quick clarification on Kentucky. You guys said MBR was up 90 basis points year-over-year. Most of that was Kentucky. I assumed something just south of $100 million of revenues for those 2 months, and it trended at like 90%, I get about 30 basis points. So were there other states, or were you guys being even more conservative with Kentucky to start? 
Michael Neidorff: Bill, do you want to comment? 
William Scheffel: I think as it relates particularly just to the fourth quarter, we see almost the entire increase in the HBR attributable to Kentucky. So I'm not sure about your math, but that's what our math is. I think that other than Kentucky, we saw a fairly steady utilization in Q4 compared to the prior 3 quarters. Nothing really changed there dramatically. And so the delta in our mind has been in Kentucky. 
Michael Neidorff: I think, Josh, the size of the market that came in would be -- having been an unmanaged market. We're trying to bring an abundance of conservatism to the couple of months as we will in Q1 of this year. We want to be very cautious and be conservative, and we're managing through it and believe we have a team in place that will help normalize the medical loss ratio over the next few quarters. 
Joshua Raskin: In fact, with $95 million of Kentucky revenues and a 90% MLR, would that be close to the ballpark for the fourth quarter? 
Michael Neidorff: Well, the revenue, Bill, what do we put roughly? 
William Scheffel: The revenue is probably a little higher, and the HBR is probably a little higher. 
Michael Neidorff: Yes, I think -- as I think I've said in conferences and things, I anticipate it will be close to the 100% level in Kentucky. 
Joshua Raskin: Okay. Got it right there. And then the second question more broadly speaking, you guys have certainly hired a lot of people. I think your headcount is up 25% year-over-year. You're adding obviously significantly to the top line. I'm just curious, in terms of needs for capital, your RBC, obviously, ratios are still very strong. As you think about some of these RFPs and activities, are you thinking about capital needs? And if so, do you have a preference of debt versus equity or converts? 
Michael Neidorff: I think one -- Bill will explain that we don't see any short-term needs with capital relative to the growth. And obviously, we'll always look at the cost of capital, and would debt be where it is. I wondered if you'll consider that. Bill? 
William Scheffel: We've been looking, as part of our 2012 guidance in planning, and we knew obviously with the expansions that were occurring in a lot of our markets plus some of the additional RFPs that are out there, we've taken a pretty good look at that. And based on our current assessment, we believe that we're well within our boundaries of our $350 million revolver, which was unused at 12/31 this year end. And we have the appropriate levels of capital that we need to fund the growth for the foreseeable future, particularly into 2012 and into 2013 with the opportunities that we're pursuing. So at this point in time, we think what we have will suffice. 
Michael Neidorff: And that could include some M&A activities we find something appropriate as well within those numbers. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Tom Carroll of Stifel, Nicolaus. 
Thomas Carroll: I have a question on Washington State. It sounds like you don't have any enhanced clarity on it at this point in time. But let me ask it this way, is it possible that Centene has allocated a block of business in Washington that is too small causing you perhaps not to sign the contract? 
Michael Neidorff: Jesse, I mean, we don't see -- do you want to comment? 
Jesse Hunter: Yes. I think just generally, Tom, we're not -- we're in discussions with the state right now. So I think it's premature for us to provide a lot of comment. But I think it's unlikely that we would be in a situation where there's membership that would be insufficient for Centene. 
Michael Neidorff: Obviously, I mean, I think the insight we have into it says it's clearly -- there'll be sufficient membership for us to not just have a good anchor but continue to grow from. 
Thomas Carroll: Just remind us what is the critical mass of membership for premium, or however you want to define it for Centene in your market? 
Michael Neidorff: Yes, you can't say into a market. It's going to vary from market to market. If you take the whole state of Texas, it's different then if you look at the state of Washington where the geographic centers are seriously -- Jesse, anything you want to add? 
Jesse Hunter: Yes, I think as Michael said, it's not any one thing. But obviously, a number of members is one variable. The categories of members, I think, it's the types of products, if you will, it's particularly important. So you look at the market like Washington where you've got the TANF and CHIP populations. You've got the ABD, SSI population and you've got a hybrid population. I think, that adds additional scale and diversity opportunities that we would take into consideration. 
Thomas Carroll: All right. Just one last follow-up related to Josh's question on capital needs. So RBC at 350% plus. In your view in giving your state footprint, how easy or not easy is it to maybe move some of that around as you see new opportunities in markets that are coming up in front of you? 
Jesse Hunter: Well, over the years, we have been able to take dividends out of certain operations that particularly are more mature. And we obviously have the need to add capital in new states or in expansion states like in Texas. So all of our dividends are subject to regulatory approval, and we go through those processes and we regularly attempt to make sure that we've got the capital efficiently deployed. And as we said when we've looked at the outlook for 2012 and the capital contributions that are needed to fund our new growth, we feel fairly confident between the case that we generate from our operations and the availability on our revolver that we're in -- we have plenty of the capacity at this point in time. 
Michael Neidorff: I think when you look at our bond offering and things, we've structured the company to -- in a very, very responsible and emphasized way to provide for free cash flow. And I mean, that's part of anticipating in management business. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Charles Boorady of Credit Suisse. 
Charles Boorady: First question on utilization. You mentioned that you expect it to rebound to normal levels in 2012 or at least as we expect in your guidance. I'm wondering if you can quantify for us in terms of how much higher utilization you would expect in 2012 versus 2011 based on the guidance that you have. 
William Scheffel: I think if you look at our guidance number for HBR, it's 87% to 88%. That is reflective of new markets that we've entered, which where we have higher -- or unusually have higher rates. So that would include markets like Kentucky, Louisiana and the Texas expansion. So obviously, it's to count that increase between years as a combination of reserving a higher rate from some of these new markets plus unexpected uptick in utilization. We have not bifurcated that between those 2 pieces, but all of those factors are built in. 
Charles Boorady: And when you say you expect utilization to rebound to normal levels in 2012, how many basis points higher is that then the utilization you saw on 2011? 
William Scheffel: Again, we haven't really quantified that. It's built into our guidance number that we've given for the 2012 guidance of 87% to 88%. 
Charles Boorady: Okay, got it. Maybe another way to put it is if utilization does not rebound to normal levels, what's the sensitivity to your earnings to that in 2012? 
William Scheffel: Obviously, we would expect that if we have favorable trends in HBR that will manifest itself better in earnings and what you got included, but we'll wait till that occurs. 
Charles Boorady: Okay. Let me just switch obviously to Kentucky because I'm not sure I quite caught your comments on that. Are there -- am I right, there's about 40,000 lives fewer in Kentucky that you're walking away from? So is it 140,000 instead of 180,000? Or did I get that wrong? 
Michael Neidorff: Yes. That's close. 
Charles Boorady: And the reason for that, was it more cost structure related or the premiums weren't going to be sufficient? 
Michael Neidorff: Jesse? 
Jesse Hunter: No, I think, I mean, the premiums were consistent with what we had bid originally. I mean, part of our entry into the market was to be, as Michael talked about, the total low-cost producer. And that we had certain assumptions that we made with respect to benefit design and network costs, unit costs, components, and taking all those things into consideration. And we maintained discipline with respect to that strategy. And so what we've seen is you've got -- in a lot of markets, Kentucky included, you've got a member choice period. So during that member choice period, we saw some shift of membership away from the Kentucky Spirit plan, which resulted in what Michael said this was 135,000 to 145,000 expected normalized membership level. 
Charles Boorady: Okay. So this is a member choice move as opposed to a Centene move that caused that reduction? 
Michael Neidorff: Well, it's a combination. 
Jesse Hunter: No, I mean, think that's right. We said our -- the product design and network composition and all those things in place is consistent with how we bid the contract. 
Michael Neidorff: Okay, great. And I would say we're not disappointed. Let me very clear that the design and everything that we've done we believe is consistent with where we would want to be. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Melissa McGinnis of Morgan Stanley. 
Melissa McGinnis: Going back to Kentucky a little bit. I'm looking at your segment level MLR results, it actually looks like you saw a meaningful year-over-year improvements in the TANF and ABD MLR, and that was offset by a 790-basis point deterioration in the specialty MLR. I guess, I'm just having a little trouble footing those segment trends with your commentary that the new Kentucky health plan MLR drove the increase in the consolidated metric. Can you help me understand the other moving parts? 
Michael Neidorff: Bill? 
William Scheffel: Sure. I think that the -- when you look at it year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter, the weighting that's given to those individual components can totally -- the mix change can totally be different. So when you look in our detail, we've shown for the fourth quarter over the fourth quarter, we're down slightly in Medicaid, and we're down slightly in ABD. But overall, this had a trend up during the year because we gave the numbers through 3 quarters. We were doing -- there's more favorable operation. We've added significant ABD population in 2011 with Illinois, Mississippi and now Kentucky. And so all of those both being in initial period of operations and the experience resulted in the higher mix change. So from our standpoint, some of that stuff starts to even out over time. For example, Mississippi has now been in there for 12 months. Illinois has been in there for at least 6 months by the end of the year. So we expect that to be returning to, say, normalcy for 2012. But Kentucky in the fourth quarter, we certainly reserved at a higher level than the average of our book of business. And that rate is we expect to continue into the first quarter. So again, when we did the analysis or most of the rest of the book, our book of business evens out and continues at the lower levels that we've experienced during the first 3 quarters, but Kentucky is booking nearly 100% certainly adds in -- results in a 90-basis point increase. 
Melissa McGinnis: Okay, great. And then just another thing, if you look at your roll forward table, it looks like you actually saw a pretty nice step-up in prior year redundancies from the end of Q3 to Q4. And I know it's a bit tough given that you do rolling 12 month. But can you provide any color on what if any of that represents net development that may have rolled through to health segment MLR? 
William Scheffel: I think what we're showing in the medical claims roll forward is, at this point, the reserves at December 31, 2010, how they developed over the 12-month period ended December 31, '11. For that, it was a $65 million favorable development. I think if we looked at the prior years, which would have been 12/31/'09 that we reported last year, it was about $68 million of favorable development. So we believe that year-over-year, our development has been relatively stable, and it is obviously never going to be perfect because we're estimating what the ultimate reserve amount will end up being. And we also collect in some recoveries from the coordination of benefits and other things like that to come in after the fact that we have to estimate. So we really don't think there's been much impact as a result of changes in the amount of prior period development. If you recall at the end of the third quarter, it was a little lower at the end of the third quarter than some normal years. But again, that would have been the reserve levels for 9/30/2010 that were being analyzed at that point in time. 
Michael Neidorff: I think what's important and the reason I think it's more meaningful to look today and say that at the end of the year last year, we had reserved at a consistent way and maintained that consistency. So all during the year, if we try to talk about reserves this quarter versus earlier, there's still a lot of estimating in there. Today is at the end of the full 12 months gives you a good deal on a rolling 12 that says, yes, they've been consistent. They've been conservative. They've been relatively accurate. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Rigg of Susquehanna. 
Christian Rigg: Just wanted to follow up on the first quarter comments and the $0.10 to $0.12 start-up cost headwind. Is that the all-in headwind that you guys expect for the quarter? Or does that not reflect conservative reserving in Louisiana and Texas? 
William Scheffel: The $0.10 to $0.12 we talked about is really just at the G&A line level, which includes the cost to build networks, hire the people prior to starting operations and train them. And so particularly with Louisiana live on February 1, Texas March 1, we've got a large amount of those expenditures that are coming in at Q1, which with the revenue starts February 1 and March 1. And then we are planning to start spend money in Washington also I would add. 
Christian Rigg: Okay. I know you guys don't normally give guidance on a quarterly basis, but is it possible to sort of given the number of moving parts and a significant number of lines coming out in the quarter, give us sort of sense for the type of sequential trend we should expect on that market? 
Michael Neidorff: Yes, you're right. We only do it quarter-to-quarter. But I mean, at various conferences I've said that we -- year-over-year, flat would be good, recognizing the new business, recognizing the start up costs. And the other thing I want people to continue to think about is what I said earlier, just kind of a hen so to speak that while we're sitting here and it's -- in the second week of February, let's not presume that there won't be some pickup in the flu season. As we have tended to look over the years that it's really cold. You know how the environment where people are out and flu growth. So we're also anticipating somewhat that there could be a little pickup there as well in the last few weeks of February or early March. So that's about as much as I think we can safely say without getting into a specific Q1 guidance. 
Christian Rigg: Sure. Can you remind us how are you going to treat the new Texas lives? As if you are entering a new state, or will your reserve policy be slightly different for the new business coming online? 
Michael Neidorff: Well, we're going to be very conservative on that. Specifically, we need the new virgin areas. And we have to go out of there in that fashion. So it's not a small inconsequential add either as we look at. 
William Scheffel: Yes. I think it's important to understand that for Texas, there's a number of moving parts and additions that will occur. One is pharmacy, which is added in which is very substantial that is not as much subject to estimation because we know those real dollar costs on a real-time basis. We're carving in inpatient, which is again something that we use inventory method to estimate for purposes of reserving our reserving. And then you've got the new service areas. And the new service areas are the ones where we tend to be conservative in recording the higher reserve levels because we're still trying to make sure we've got a good handle on what the true run rate will be for the level of HBR. 
Operator: And the next question comes from Scott Fidel of Deutsche Bank. 
Scott Fidel: I wanted to just follow up on Kentucky. And I was wondering if you were able to do any analysis on the 40,000 or so levers, as compared to the 140,000 stayers in terms of their demographic or acuity profile. Just wondering whether you think that you lost some of the higher utilizer or potentially more favorable members relative to the ones you're staying. 
Michael Neidorff: I've got to let Jesse add to it. But I think, Scott, if you think about how short a period of time we've had those members, if you try and come into any rational conclusion, it would be difficult. 
Jesse Hunter: Yes, I agree. I think it's -- obviously we're working through that process now as we go through our predictive modeling and risk core analysis, all those things. But ultimately, we won't have great visibility on that until we see the claims development over time. 
William Scheffel: I think when you think about our -- it's going to be interesting over the next 3, 4 quarters whatever, we look at our benefit design there versus the membership we retained, it will probably be some for us going forward in new markets. So there are some real benefits to this the way we've done this. 
Scott Fidel: I guess one way to other put it is if there was any kind of geographic dynamics or urban versus rural with which membership left, and how do you think about that, or is it just simply too hard to tell. 
Michael Neidorff: It's really hard to tell. It's mixed across the area. And you have to get into what are the specialties of a particular hospital or group of doctors you have or don't have. I think you really have to wait, look at the larger numbers. So we still have 140,000 lives in the second, third quarter, fourth quarter. Let's see what the benefit design we have who finds it of interest. 
Scott Fidel: Okay. And then just a follow-up question just on specialty cost ratio. I think that popped around 900 basis points sequentially and was up significantly year-over-year. Any particular product lines that affected that, or any new business that you entered into that you're assuming higher cost on just assuming what's driving the lower margin in the specialty business during the fourth quarter? 
Jesse Hunter: I think the primary item there is our individual health business. We did have an uptick in the fourth quarter in our HBR in that line, and that's really the primary cause of that increase. 
Scott Fidel: Was that due to MLR accruals? Or did you see higher utilization in that line of business? 
Jesse Hunter: That's a smaller book of business for us. But it's generally a low higher utilization plus as you know, the deductibles are used up early in the year. So by the time it's at the end of the year, there's more heavier utilization as people try to get that in before the end of the year. 
Scott Fidel: Okay. And then just one last question just going back to the duals opportunity. And do some of the health plans out there, including one of the larger Medicare MCOs that was discussing their thoughts on the duals yesterday, and we're talking about interest in potentially partnering with Medicaid MCOs if they don't have the TANF platforms in particular states. And just interested in your view on whether you would find it interesting to partner with Medicare MCOs and approach this jointly or whether you think the opportunity is better just doing this on your own. 
Michael Neidorff: Yes. I think when we have -- we built the capability to do it, I mean, what we're very sensitive to is the systems the predictive models, the real time because that's where we've been successful with the SSI and have been. So we have the capabilities to do it. And what you're going to do. We've historically always talked about what we've done rather than try and trade on futures. And so I think historically, we've seen we had the capability. We've commented that the ABD, the related-type products, the long-term care, all that, we've had significant growth in. In 2011, we have a demonstrated capability in it. And who we would work with or not work with on various products, let's wait and see. I mean, we don't say no until we have the information to evaluate it. So let's talk about what we've done. I'm not trying to be coy, but that's just always been our mentality. It's so easy to say, oh, let me do this in '13, '14. Well, let's talk about the growth we're seeing right now. 
Scott Fidel: Sure. But it sounds like with your bias be that, you've spent the time to build out all the infrastructure to approach the duals internally. So I guess, returns-wise the opportunity be more significant just doing this on your own or essentially if there's markets that partner with us? 
Michael Neidorff: We have the capability to do it on our own. I mean, very strong capability. If there's some particular market we're working with others, I'm not going to say no. But we have to look at it market-by-market. But we're not dependent on somebody anymore than we are on the individual and the hybrid because we have that capability and sold it, which is why we did it to do individual plans, to do the copayments, to do the deductibles, all the system thing that we have learned a lot of this historically. You don't develop very quickly internally, which is why we did the acquisition. We need to see where things we're going. So we have the capabilities. But so we're not dependent and hoping to be able to cut a deal with somebody else. But if it made sense to do so in a particular market, we would. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Peter Costa of Wells Fargo Securities. 
Peter Costa: On the Specialty Services MLR, was that all external related? Or did you have a similar issue on the internal MLR, the internal business there? 
William Scheffel: The individual health business is all external, and so it's all external. 
Peter Costa: So you did not see the rise for the internal side as well? 
William Scheffel: No. The internal side, I mean, it's internal the normal fluctuations from coming to common, but overall consistent utilization in HBR levels. 
Peter Costa: The Louisiana membership you're expecting to gain on February 1, is there a change period on that business, the way there is in the Kentucky business? Or will that come on by the way and stay with you? 
Jesse Hunter: So we've got 2 components year for each. There are 3 phases of the implementation. This is a staged rollout. So Phase I for GSA was February 1, and we have corresponding rollouts in 2-month increments, so those will be upcoming. But in each of those individual sessions, there is a member choice period. 
Peter Costa: And then, the last question on the Ohio pharmacy carve-ins, it looked like they had a fairly big impact on days claims payable. Can you sort of help us size the impact to that overall carve-ins in terms of your revenues and expenses and your margins as well? 
William Scheffel: Well, we don't really get into the specifics. I mean, it was carved in October 1, so it was in for the full fourth quarter. And obviously, as a contributor both for revenue and earnings. And nothing there that was previously in. So it was carved out around and carved back in. And nothing that you want to comment on I think in terms of any lower level of specificity. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Green of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 
Scott Green: First, Bill, at investor day, you suggested that 2012 guidance assumed underlying 3% cost trends, but net cost trend of around 0 after medical management initiatives and contracting. Can you tell us how much of those 300 basis points has been achieved to date? 
William Scheffel: Again, I think that's our number for the year. And at this point in time, there's nothing really that's changed that we give a different number. I think what we've said is we expect the rates to be relatively flat. I think we said plus or minus 1% as you go through market-by-market. And then we do think it's incumbent upon us to do our medical management initiatives to attempt to reduce the level of increases as a result of the work that we do in the management activities. Particularly, we'll see that in the new markets that are going from unmanaged care to managed care. And we'll benefit from the results of our efforts. So at this point, I would say is the same as what we talked about in December. 
Scott Green: Okay. But is there a way to say that we've accomplished have of that so far based on the contracts you've already re-signed? We have perfect visibility into half of that, or could you venture some estimate? 
William Scheffel: I think with respect to unit cost and contracting cost, we're on schedule to do the things that we've thought we were going to do. I think with respect to medical management initiatives, that's always -- you have 11 months to go right now into the year. So it's hard to say we've had a percentage of success with respect to those efforts. But they all are ongoing, and we believe those are part of our regular programs. 
Scott Green: Okay. And then second question, not sure I missed this or not, but on the DCP roll forward there was a 0.7 increase related to the timing of claims payments. And given your commentary over the last year about faster claim cycle times, lowering DCPs over time, I was just curious if that was in a unique issue or if that is some reversal of any trend you've experienced over the last year. 
William Scheffel: I think that's more of a factor that we had for 2 4-day weekends around the end of the year, 1 over Christmas and 1 over New Year. So there was just less throughput at that point in time that we'd have at a normal quarter end. So I think the DCP was a little higher than we would have normally expected to be, say, at the end of Q1 or Q2 because of the holiday schedule. 
Scott Green: Okay, all right. That's helpful. And last topic on Kentucky. In your July press release, when you won the contract, you said that we expect 180,000 members. So it appears that something might have changed versus your original expectations. So I was just curious if something has changed since you won the award versus your membership expectations or if all along, you expected to have some member attrition. 
Jesse Hunter: Yes, obviously, when we put our initial estimates together that was based on an equal distribution of the membership across the competitors in the selected regions. And so that was where we had expected at that point in time. But what we've seen is some differences with respect to the things that Michael talked about, the benefit design, network comparison things, along those lines, which has resulted in the membership estimate that we're currently contemplating. 
Michael Neidorff: Yes, I mean, Scott, what I want to clear is the thing you want to be very clear is where we would like to be on that membership at this point in time, in relation to the benefit design and that's what we put together, and I think it's going to give us some very significant learning over the next 3, 4 quarters, which will benefit greatly as we move forward in the new markets. 
Scott Green: Okay. And does your analysis suggest that the attrition is just due to broadly a leaner benefit design versus peers? Or are you seeing any types of members, TANF or ABD or what have you leave to other plans? 
William Scheffel: Yes. I think as we said before, Scott, it's early, so we don't have perfect information to go through those things, but I think that's -- we would expect that to be a component of it, yes. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Carl McDonald of Citigroup. 
Carl McDonald: How much of an earnings cushion does it give you with a loss of membership in Kentucky? So I'm assuming for the fourth quarter if you're booking to 100% loss ratio, your combined ratio is probably 108 or 110. Losing that membership in Kentucky would be something in the vicinity of $150 million. So does that free up basically $15 million in earnings, offset by a little bit of fixed cost deleveraging? Is that the right way to think about that? 
William Scheffel: I'm not sure I follow your math, Carl. But in general, we were booking in the fourth quarter for the 2 months of operation. We booked that at a higher HBR in 98% to 100% range, let's say, not at 108% or 110% or whatever we were quoting. 
Carl McDonald: Right. But including the SG&A component, your combined ratio would have been 108% or 110%, so if you... 
William Scheffel: We also get benefits from some of the other specialty services that we provide in Kentucky too. So there's some offsetting impacts there. So as the membership fell off into -- in the January, February, I don't think we expect to have much of an impact on earnings at the end of the day, certainly not with the level you expressed. 
Jesse Hunter: Yes, the only thing I would add is it's in our guidance. Our membership expectation for Kentucky is what's built into our guidance. 
Carl McDonald: Yes, all right. I guess, I'm just a little confused because I'm not sure you would have known about the lower membership back in mid-December when you originally gave the guidance. 
Michael Neidorff: I think we had some insight as to where it was going in December when we -- that's why we constantly say it's in the guidance. 
William Scheffel: We're well aware of our strategies and what the impact might be on the option period that the members had and where that might go, and so it's been in our guidance all along. 
Carl McDonald: Okay. Just I thought you guided 180 back in mid-December but -- second question... 
William Scheffel: That was the end of the -- that was December's guidance. December's membership was in our guidance number. 
Carl McDonald: Okay. And a separate question, if you could just talk about the environment in Louisiana, particularly around the member selection. It seems like the 2 non-risk plans have been picking up a disproportionate amount of the membership that's actually chosen the plan. I'm just wondering if you have a sense of why that's happening. 
Jesse Hunter: Yes. I think, Carl, it's just the revenue side. New information obviously as we're going through the first rollout. I think, it's not again perfect information with respect to member choice. We're doing -- we're conducting some of our work in terms of talking to our members about the ones that shows and why. So there are variables and differences between the programs, not the least of which is. We've got options between kind of a full managed care program and a managed care light program. There can be differences with respect to the provider community and their appetite for one program versus the other. But I would say when we look at where things are right now and where we are in line with our expectations from a membership perspective for the first rollout in Louisiana. 
Operator: And there's a follow-up from Tom Carroll of Stifel, Nicolaus. 
Thomas Carroll: Bill, you mentioned that one of your states had about $150 million holdback that's going to be paid in second quarter. Would you suggest that, that might be a trend across all your markets? I think if we think back to the old days, that's what states used to do to manage difficult fiscal times. 
William Scheffel: I don't know if I would call it a trend. There's really one state who's managing their own fiscal issues. And they've indicated that they're going to not make some things in Q1 but expect to fully catch up in Q2. Obviously, we'll have to see how that works out. But we've not seen anything from other states along those lines. 
Michael Neidorff: I think, Tom, we've said previously at various meetings that state revenues have been increasing, putting all the settings we've done out there. So I don't think there's any basis to say one state makes a trending with one swallow makes a spring. 
Thomas Carroll: No, I'm not suggesting that. I'm just saying, looking for some more insight from you guys. 
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Neidorff for any closing remarks. 
Michael Neidorff: Thank you, and I thank you all for joining us. And we'll see you at the end of Q1. Thank you. 
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-27 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael Neidorff - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Edmund Kroll - Senior Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations William Scheffel - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer Jesse Hunter - Executive Vice President of Corporate Development Mark Eggert - Executive Vice President of Health Plan Business Unit
Analysts: Darren Miller - Goldman Sachs  Brian Wright - Collins Stewart LLC Thomas Carroll - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank Scott Green -Banc of America Merrill Lynch John Rex - JP Morgan Chase & Co. Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital Melissa McGinnis - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Welcome to the Centene Corporation Second Quarter 2010 Earnings Call. (Operator Instructions.) I would now like to turn the conference over to Ed Kroll. Please go ahead.
Edmund Kroll: Thank you and good morning everyone. Im Ed Kroll, senior vice president of finance and investor relations at Centene Corporate. Thank you for joining us on our Q2 earnings call today. Michael Neidorff, chairman and chief executive officer and Bill Scheffel, executive vice president and chief financial officer of Centene will host this mornings call. The call is expected to last about 45 minutes and may also be accessed through our web site at centene.com. A replay will be available shortly after the calls completion, also on our web site at centene.com, or by dialing 877-344-7529 in the U.S. and Canada or 412-317-0088 from other countries, and for both of those the playback number is 442132.  Any remarks that Centene may make about future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provision under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in Centene's Form 10-Q dated July 27, 2010, today, and other public SEC filings. Centene anticipates that subsequent events and developments will cause its estimates to change. While the company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. We would also like to announce that our next annual Investor Day will be held June 14, 2011 in New York City. Please mark your calendars. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to our chairman and CEO, Michael Neidorff. Michael? 
Michael Neidorff: Thank you Ed. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining Centenes second quarter 2010 earnings call. As has become our practice, I would like to take a moment to discuss certainly timely topics for our company and industry before I begin to comment on another solid quarter. First, Id like to reinforce our commitment to an important new part of our strategy that we have been communicating to you for this past year. In order to be responsive to the needs of our state customers, we have expanded beyond our historic focus on managed care. Centene is now offering cost-effective healthcare coverage for under- and uninsured low income populations, significantly expanding our addressable market.  It is the combination of Centenes Medicaid experience and Celtics individual and small group skill set, recently enhanced by Nova Systems, that gives us the ability to leverage our networks and infrastructure by offering hybrid health plan solutions. We can effectively serve these populations as they move in and out of Medicaid eligibility, from fully subsidized to partially subsidized, and even to tax-subsidized small group plans. We have been talking to states and are seeing more and more heading in the direction of setting up state-based exchanges or other coverage solutions for their uninsured and underinsured populations. Our first experience with the state-based exchanges is with the Massachusetts Connector Authority. We have built on our initial efforts in Massachusetts, now have a hybrid plan in place in Arkansas, and in 2011 will commence Healthy Indiana, the state-mandated participation in this Healthy Indiana program and its recent Medicaid re-procurement. We foresee other states following suit in the future. In summary, this experience gives us the ability to serve both Medicaid and exchange-based populations of approximately 32 million people in 2014.  Next, let me discuss some state budgets. State budgets remain under pressure and the big concern right now is the expiration of extra FMAP funding at December 31, 2010 and whether or not it will be expended through June 30, 2011. If it is not extended, it will likely serve as a catalyst for states to move more quickly to embrace cost-effective managed care solutions. While I cannot answer whether or not the FMAP funding will be extended, I can say at Centene we are proactive and have already reached out to our state partners with scenario planning that assumes no FMAP extension. We are managers not victims, and believe it is important to plan for all eventualities.  Our medical management tools, including predictive modeling and the dashboard, allow us to demonstrate to states where there is an opportunity for cost-savings while enhancing quality. This is how one becomes a total low-cost producer while maintaining fair reimbursement for providers. There are a few states that are considering an (inaudible) the status of some programs to FMAP solution or extension. For example, Massachusetts is reviewing whether it would continue our Commonwealth Bridge contract for legal immigrants without the extension. We are currently working with the Commonwealth on alternative ways to continue the program in the event of no FMAP extension.  On the rate front, as we have discussed before, we have known rates representing approximately 70%of our projected 2010 member months. We previously said that once the other 30% of the book was finalized, we expected the overall rate increase of 0% to 2% for 2010. However, our most recent discussions with the state that represents the remaining 30%, while not yet finalized, have been more constructive than previously expected. So we now believe that our 2010 overall rate increase will be in the range of 1% to 3%, up from the prior 0% to 2%.  This offers fresh evidence of rational pricing environments, despite strained state budgets. Our ability to deliver measurable cost-savings to states, while enhancing quality of care, makes us a good partner and as such we seek only to offset medical cost trends and maintain actuarial soundness. Now Id like to discuss some of the highlights of the second quarter. In May 2010 our Texas health plan was awarded a new ABD contract in the Dallas service area, subject to final contract negotiations. This new contract is expected to commence on February 1, 2011.  In May 2010 we announced the acquisition of certain aspects of Nova Health Systems, LLC, a third-party administrator in Arkansas that will complement our existing Celtic business by adding back-office skills and regional PPO capabilities that we believe can be leveraged and expanded as part of our overall strategy. Nova Systems manages a hybrid program in the state of Arkansas for employees of small business. This acquisition closed on July 1, 2010.  On June 1, 2010 we completed the acquisition of certain assets of Carolina Crescent health plan, the addition of which gives us a total of 92,600 (inaudible) members in South Carolina at June 30.  In June of 2010 our Indiana plan was selected and entered into contract negotiations for a statewide managed care contract effective January 1, 2011. Upon completion of the contract, we will continue to serve Hoosier Healthwise members as well as begin serving Healthy Indiana plan members on January 1 of 2011. Healthy Indiana is Indianas hybrid program for underinsured adults who earn less than 200% of the federal poverty level, do not have access to employer-sponsored health insurance coverage, and have been uninsured for the previous six months. Now well discuss the financial highlights of the second quarter and Bill will provide additional details in his comments.  Second-quarter premium and service revenue grew by 12.8%, driven by at-risk membership growth across all states as well as the continued conversion of members to the at-risk plan in Florida. Our consolidated second-quarter HBR increased 70 basis points year-over-year and improved 20 basis points sequentially to 83.8. Our long-term consolidated HBR guidance remains in the range of 84 to 86, based on the inherent volatility of this metric, but as Bill will discuss, we have narrowed our guidance for the second half of 2010 at a slightly improved rate. Turning to general administrative expenses, the G&A ratio for the second quarter of 2010 was 12.7% compared to 13.9% in the second quarter of 2009. Further G&A reduction beyond 2010 remains a top priority and our ongoing systems investments should enable us to accomplish this goal.  We reported $0.45 of earnings per share from continuing operations for the quarter and this number was impacted by higher share count from our 2010 follow-on offering and the previously-mentioned drug carve outs in Ohio and Indiana. Before I turn the call over to Bill, let me offer some final comments. We continue to be successful in a difficult economic environment. We continue to increase the diversity of our enterprise by both product and geography. Our growth drivers are multifaceted: new business in existing states; new states, for example Mississippi will be our eleventh state; and prudent M&A. We also used legislative changes like DRE as a catalyst for doing more business in our existing states.  There is an active M&A pipeline with ample acquisition opportunities available in the current environment. We are pleased to have already 50% of the run-rate dilution of our offering in January by deploying just 25% of the offerings proceeds. However, we remain selective, prudent, and cautious about every project we evaluate. We will not take unacceptable risk in order to grow our top line. Protecting our earnings stream is crucial and we will continue to be bottom-line focused. We appreciate your support and interest in Centene and Ill now turn the call over to Bill.
William Scheffel: Thank you Michael and good morning everyone. For the second quarter of 2010 premium and service revenues grew to $1.05 billion, an increase of 12.8% compared to the second quarter of 2009. This year-over-year increase was driven by three factors. First, membership grew in each of our states, particularly in Florida, with the continued conversion of non-risk managed care membership from Access Health Solutions to an at-risk basis with Sunshine State Health Plans. At quarter-end we served 113,100 members on an at-risk basis while Access served 46,800 on a non-risk basis.  Second, the commencement of operations in Massachusetts under the Commonwealth Bridge and Commonwealth Care programs at June 30, 2010, CeltiCare Health Plan of Massachusetts served 30,100 members. Third, in June we completed the acquisition of certain Medicaid assets of Carolina Crescent Health Plan, which served 40,000 Medicaid members in all 46 counties in South Carolina. This acquisition brought our South Carolina membership to 92,600 at June 30, representing 13% of the states eligible Medicaid population. It should also be noted that the 12.8% year-over-year increase in revenue was moderated by the effects of the pharmacy carve outs in Indiana and Ohio, which took effect at the beginning of the year and reduced revenue by approximately $48 million in the second quarter of 2010, compared to the second quarter of 2009. Excluding the pharmacy carve outs, premium and service revenues would have grown by 18% in the second quarter, consistent with our at-risk membership growth. Our consolidated health benefits ratio was 83.8% for the second quarter of 2010, compared to 83.1% in the second quarter of 2009, and 84.0% in the first quarter of 2010. The 70 basis point increase between years was primarily due to new markets reserved at higher rates, which accounted for 60 basis points of the increase. The 20 basis point sequential decline in HBR is primarily due to normal seasonality. Our general and administrative expense ratio for the second quarter of 2010 was 12.7%, compared to 13.9% in the second quarter of 2009. The 120 basis point improvement in the G&A ratio reflects the impact of our ongoing efforts to contain costs and our ability to leverage our expenses over higher revenues. For the second quarter we did not incur the level of startup costs in Mississippi that we had previously anticipated, which benefitted the quarter by approximately $0.03 per share. This is primarily a shift from the second to the third quarter as we ramp up our efforts for a fourth quarter startup. Our second quarter investment and other income was $4.1 million, a $276,000 decrease year-over-year. The decrease in investment and other income reflects decreased investment balances. Interest expense of $3.9 million declined $291,000, reflecting the reduction in debt outstanding.  Excluding the effects of non-controlling interests, our second quarter tax rate was 42.9% compared to 36.3% in the second quarter of 2009. This increase was primarily driven by legislation enacted in the second quarter in the state of Georgia, which replaces the state income tax with a premium tax for Medicaid managed care organizations, effective July 1, 2010. As a result of the new legislation, we will be unable to realize the future tax benefit from deferred assets related to state net operating loss carry-forwards. Accordingly, a deferred tax asset of $1.7 million, or approximately $0.03 per share, was written off during the second quarter of 2010. As a result of this write off, for the full year of 2010 we expect our tax rate to be approximately 40%. Our diluted earnings per share is $0.45 this quarter, versus $0.47 a year ago. The 2010 results reflect the dilution from the additional shares issued as part of the stock offering in the first quarter of 2010.  For our discontinued operations, we recorded a pre-tax loss of $316,000 related to New Jersey health plan operations in the second quarter as we wind down operations and pay the remaining claims. Regulatory capital will be returned over the next 12 months, after receiving regulatory approval. It is currently estimated that statutory capital to be transferred to the companys unregulated cash will be approximately $10 million.  In June 30, 2010 we had cash and investments of $852.4 million, including $813 million held by regulated entities and $39.4 million held by unregulated entities. Our subsidiaries, including New Jersey, had aggregate statutory capital and surplus of approximately $480 million, compared with the required minimum aggregate statutory capital and surplus requirements of approximately $280 million. We have estimated our risk based capital percentage to be approximately 360% of the authorized control level at June 30, 2010. Our total debt was $252.8 million and our debt-to-capital ratio was 24.5% at June 30, 2010, compared to 33.2% at December 31, 2009. Our medical claims liability totaled $455.4 million, representing 48.2 days in claims payable. This is a 0.5 day increase from the first quarter of 2009, and a reconciliation is provided in our press release.  For the second quarter, and the first half of 2010, operating activities used cash, resulting in negative cash flow from operations of $59.8 million for the second quarter and $98.3 million year to date. As we mentioned on our fourth quarter call, certain states pre-paid their January 2010 capitation payments in December 2009, in the amount of almost $92 million. These pre-payments caused a decrease in our cash receipts in the first half of 2010 as reflected in the lower amount of unearned revenue at June 30 of $5.7 million.  In addition, there were $57.7 million in receivables related to state capitation payments at June 30, 2010. Since June 30 is the fiscal year end for many states, several of our states deferred their June capitation payment for all managed care companies in their states until July. All of this $57 million was received in early July. We expect our second half 2010 operating cash flow to be strong, although the level of premium payments received prior to any quarter end may vary from period to period. Now Ill give some updated guidance numbers. For 2010 we expect premium and service revenues of $4.35 billion to $4.45 billion. We are increasing our earnings per share guidance from $1.75 to $1.85 to now $1.78 to $1.86. We expect an HBR ratio of 83.5% to 84.5%, a G&A ratio of 12.4% to 12.9% and 50.5 million shares outstanding for our earnings per share calculation. The HBR ratio for the year has been decreased to reflect the actual results incurred in the first half of 2010 and the impact of a fourth quarter start date for Mississippi operations.  Operator, you may now open the line to questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question and answer session. (Operator instructions.) And our first question is from Darren Miller of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Darren Miller - Goldman Sachs : I was wondering if you could remind us what states are remaining this year that youre expecting to see rate increases on, and what would the effective dates of those rate increases be?
Michael Neidorff: Texas, September 1. Florida, September 1. Jesse? And Georgia, which is July 1 and is always retroactive.
Darren Miller: And can you comment on the higher claims inventory at the end of the quarter?
William Scheffel: I think thats just really just a function of the processing at the end of a quarter. We try to pay the high-dollar claims and get those out quicker and the level of inventory can vary from month to month-end. Nothing special about it.
Darren Miller: And then lastly, what states deferred their payments from June into July?
Michael Neidorff: I think we had Georgia . . 
William Scheffel: And Wisconsin were the primary ones. And again I think we received all of that by July 7.
Operator: The next question is from Brian Wright of Collins Stewart. Please go ahead.
Brian Wright - Collins Stewart: Can you help us with the quarterly premium tax levels kind of going forward?
William Scheffel: I think a couple of things to maybe mention there. The volatility in the premium taxes is one reason why we focus on premium service revenues as our measure of revenue growth. In the second quarter of 2009, for example, Wisconsin paid us about $84 million for what they call their hospital tax assessment, which we then turn around and pay out to the hospitals. And that was almost a years worth of payments received in the second quarter of 2009. And in the second quarter of 2010 they paid us even less than the normal run rate that we would have anticipated, and so a lot of that is just dictated by when they pay us the amounts. So Wisconsin has a higher rate than most other states so that shows some volatility in the premium taxes and going forward we would expect them to go back to their normal process and run rate, but again thats subject to actually how they manage that.
Michael Neidorff: Yes, it really is a direct pass-through. It has absolutely no earnings impact. Thats why we really when you look at our statements, as Bill said, the revenue . . .
Brian Wright: Yeah, no, no absolutely. I just want to, just for modeling purposes, and I know it doesnt matter to EPS but just wanted to see clarity on that. So I guess its kind of closer to the first quarter kind of levels then? For the back half of the year?
William Scheffel: I think thats a reasonable, somewhere between the second and third quarter amounts.
Brian Wright: And then can you give us some help on breaking out the Massachusetts enrollment between the Bridge, and the Celtic exchange based lives and everything?
Michael Neidorff: Jesse?
Jesse Hunter: I would say Brian that we have three products at this point between the ComCare program, the Bridge program, and then the ComChoice program, as you know ComChoice is the most recent and therefore the smallest population. ComCare has continued to grow because we are the low-cost producer within that product. And Bridge has been relatively stable. So as it stands right now, I would say Bridge is the biggest, but not really growing. The growth that were seeing is in the ComCare product.
Brian Wright: And then, if another question, did the Carolina Crescent, that was an asset purchase so there was no additional medical claims payable that came over from that, correct?
Michael Neidorff: Correct. 
Brian Wright: And then one last one, actually two more, sorry. The Novasys, how many lives is that going to be on closing and how will we break out between risk and non-risk?
William Scheffel: Not sure we measure that with lives on the Novasys side.
Jesse Hunter:  Non-risk.
William Scheffel: Right, so thats not something youll see adjusted in our tables for that.
Brian Wright: Okay, so then it will be just total fee revenue then.
William Scheffel: Yes.
Brian Wright: And then lastly, if I can, the Ohio and Texas pharmacy carve out has there been any movement recently on getting those carved back in?
Michael Neidorff: Its fair to say were in ongoing discussions. And dont expect to see anything immediate. Some of it may be based on their fiscal year. So well just continue to talk to them and respond to their questions and (inaudible). 
Operator: The next question is from Tom Carroll of Stiefel, Nicolaus. Please go ahead.
Thomas Carroll - Stifel, Nicolaus: A couple quick ones. First on the Mississippi costs, what was the primary rationale to shift them into third quarter, and then will the cost be higher in third quarter than prior expectations or is this a scenario where setup costs were just lower than you expected?
William Scheffel: I think that the costs will be higher in the third quarter because we didnt incur the costs in the second quarter but weve been working with the state on the startup date and all of the functions that need to be ready to go at that point in time and until they had done a couple of things on their end we werent actually ready to ramp it up. Thats now in full, full speed ahead, so thats all occurring right now and so therell be costs that you normally incur prior to the first day of generating revenue, which is you have to build the staff and have the offices ready to go, in advance of, before you generate revenue. So those will all be incurred higher level. The $0.03 that we benefitted in the quarter two we expect to expend in quarter three along with other amounts that we previously intended.
Thomas Carroll: Great, and then Michael, follow up on your comment about FMAP extension. Do you believe, as you reach out and talk to states, do you believe that states have a plan A versus a plan B if you will? Would they rather just have more money or are they really going to do something, if FMAP is not extended, differently than perhaps you expect right now.
Michael Neidorff: I think a lot of depends on the states, and the governors and the election timetable. Are they up for reelection in November, or are they on a different cycle? Theres a lot of variables there. But I think clearly they recognize that the FMAP will, they have to wean themselves from it. And the states were talking to clearly recognize that and are talking more aggressively about moving to managed care as the alternative to save the necessary funds.
Thomas Carroll: Is the fact that this FMAP extension is not finalized yet, is that preventing you from making further comments about upcoming rates, like Texas, like Florida, like Georgia? I think youve given us a little more clarity on second quarter rates.
Michael Neidorff: No, I dont think thats the issue. Were really just working with the states and what were finding is, because of some of the systems, the fact that we have real time data, virtually every day that we can look back on. Were supplying this to the states, our actuaries are working with theirs and trying to get to the right answer. So I dont think its FMAP.
William Scheffel: I think also CMS, they have to submit rates that are approved by CMS, they have to go through a process and until thats all completed we really dont have final rates.
Michael Neidorff: Its never done until its done, but all indications are that its more rational than some what people recently thought.
Thomas Carroll: Will the tax rate of 40% continue into out years?
William Scheffel: I think that the 40% tax rate is our blended rate for 2010, which reflects the $1.7 million in write off we took on the Georgia NOL. So if you took that out of there we think our underlying tax rate would probably closer to 38%, 38.2%, somewhere in that range. So thats probably the rate that we would expect to see for example in the second half of the year, but for the whole year it will be close to 40%.
Thomas Carroll: So in 2011 we should go back to your more normalized run rate.
William Scheffel: We believe that the write off was a one-time event.
Michael Neidorff: If you have a good window on what all taxes are going to do in 11, wed all love to hear it.
Thomas Carroll: I dont.
Operator: The next question is from Chris Rigg of Susquehanna Financial Group. Please go ahead.
Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group: I was wondering if you could just talk a little bit about the Healthy Indiana program and how we should expect that to ramp and a little bit of the specifics there, whether theres an auto-assignment component to it, or if people have to select you guys to utilize your plan.
Michael Neidorff: Mark, you want to take that?
Mark Eggert: Yes. So theres going to be an open enrollment period in fourth quarter for the January 1 start date, so members will have to choose us. And were the new player, so were going to be engaged in a lot of activities to encourage that choice, but I think we expect it to be a fairly slow ramp. 
Chris Rigg: And how big is Healthy Indiana today?
Mark Eggert: Approximately 45,000 total in the state.
Chris Rigg: And then just looking at the P&L here in the quarter. The service revenues had ticked up sequentially and it looks like the cost of those services had come down sequentially. Im just wondering if you could explain the dynamic there and what happened on the cost side in particular.
Thomas Carroll: The primary thing there is we receive, Access Health Solution receives certain performance incentives based on the results of their medical experience in Florida and thats usually on a 9-12 month lag, and so they receive some of their performance bonus money in the second quarter, which there would be no associated cost with that, and so that was the primary reason for the increase on the service revenue.
Chris Rigg: And then my last question again goes back to FMAP. Michael, you had commented that youve obviously been having proactive discussions with the states and what you would do in the event that you dont get the moneys renewed. In your opinion, having a six-month fix, if you just get something through June, does that really materially solve the problem or do you think that the states need a longer-term solution? And if they need to be weaned of that money how much time do they need to get to where they need to be or at this point its just . . .
Michael Neidorff: Thats a great point because weve been saying for some time now that that money will come to an end and when some of the states that are recognizing and seeing the activity are dealing with that. But I think they would need a minimum of six months to start to, to get things in place. If they started right now from a dead start it would probably be a minimum of six months, but some of these states weve been talking to they havent been sitting still. Theyve been starting to work through a process. We talked to one state where they said theyre looking at RFPs and things of that nature.
Operator:  The next question is from Scott Fidel of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank: First question, just in Massachusetts, how much of your enrollment up there is in that immigrant program that may not be extended because of FMAP?
Thomas Carroll: The current enrollment is a little over 20,000 members.
Scott Fidel: Then, second question, just some more color on the change in view on the rates and it looks like you have three major states that are still yet to be finalized and you have a bit of a better rates there. Is it that all three of the states might be looking a little bit better or is there one or two of the states that are sort of driving that better view of 1% to 3% rates?
Michael Neidorff: I think theyre all showing the responsible approach to dealing with the data. 
Scott Fidel: So its sort of all three of them look a little bit better than what you initially were . . .
Michael Neidorff: Yeah. Some have been, and others its just what were seeing is they recognize when we show them the data we have that there are some issues. And so were not asking for, in all cases, vastly greater rates. We just want to, heres whats a responsible rate to keep things in an actuarially sound position.
Scott Fidel: Okay, and help us think about what you think the underlying medical cost trends are in the TANF business. Obviously theres a lot of mix shifts in the business but if we just sort of break out TANF and you think about that underlying trend versus the 1-3% rates and sort of break that out in terms of what you think underlying unit cost trends are right now relative to utilization.
Michael Neidorff: I think its really in that same low single digit area.
Scott Fidel: And is it low single digit for both the unit cost and utilization?
Michael Neidorff: Yes.
Scott Fidel: Okay. And then just one last question. Thinking about the hybrid products, which are probably going to be a bigger mix of business for you over the next couple years, can you talk about what the PMPM premiums are in that business relative to lets say a traditional TANF member and sort of how you think about the margins so as we think about modeling longer term how should we think about the premium trends in that business?
Michael Neidorff: Jesse?
Jesse Hunter: So I would say, its hard to tell obviously at this point given the variability of benefit design and some of the other things in these programs but by definition these are going to be somewhere in between a Medicaid program and a commercial program and I would expect that the premiums would be somewhere in between a Medicaid, you know paying a premium and a commercial premium.
Scott Fidel: So you think somewhere like $150 to $200 PMPM?
Jesse Hunter: I mean its hard to put a number on it I would say at this point. If a state is going to kind of design a richer benefit I would expect the premiums to be higher than that.
Michael Neidorff: Theres cost sharing they do, theres just really, we call it a hybrid because its really just as Jesse said between the Medicaid and commercial and its how they design and what features they put in will drive that, Scott.
Scott Fidel: Okay, so maybe more like $200 to $250. And then just on the margin side. Do you think about that again, sort of running in between what you think if we think about Medicaid margins maybe being 3-6% pre-tax and commercial at least traditionally being sort of mid to high single digits that the hybrid would be somewhere in between that or would it be closer to Medicaid?
Michael Neidorff: Weve said that we see margins going forward in the 3-5% range, so I think they will contribute in that range.
Operator: The next question is from Scott Green of Banc of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Scott Green -Banc of America Merrill Lynch: Could you update us on your interest in the Louisiana market. Theres no RFP there so I think health plans need to start building networks there sometime soon if theyre interested.
Michael Neidorff: Okay Jesse, youre doing development.
Jesse Hunter: I would say that were intimately aware of the activities in Louisiana and we continue to look at all states and evaluate if these are good opportunities for us.
Scott Green: Do you think Louisianas a good opportunity for you?
Jesse Hunter: I think generally we would not, we dont comment on our decisions in our states before we actually enter the states.
Michael Neidorff: We usually let the states announce who has entered. Thats just a safer position to take. It avoids a lot of speculation.
Scott Green: Okay, and then a follow up question on Massachusetts. Was the Commonwealth Care auto-assignment suspension lifted, or is that still in place?
Jesse Hunter: Its kind of both I would say. So there was a removal, or a reinstatement of auto-assignment in the second quarter of, calendar second quarter of 2010. At this point, in the context, as Michael mentioned, of the state budget, theyre reevaluating the auto-enrollment for the current quarter, so third quarter, of 2010.
Scott Green: Okay, so maybe could you help us out directionally just on your enrollment outlook in the state there. Do you think it should continue to slowly rise like it did this quarter, or . . .
Jesse Hunter: I would expect continue. Given our cost position in the market, I would consider there to be a slow but consistent increase in our ComCare enrollment.
Scott Green: Okay, and then lastly just to clarify, so is your Bridge contract good through year end now, and then maybe longer depending on what happens to FMAP? But at least through year end?
Jesse Hunter: The current contract was renewed from July 1, 2010 through June 30, 2011. Were working with the state on the funding for that contract and any implications on time.
Scott Green: But your understanding is now its still in place and should be in place through the end of the year at least.
Michael Neidorff: As a (inaudible) assumption, thats what were working with the state on. And I want to emphasize though its 20,000 lives, so were working with them on it, were putting attention to it, but it is 20,000 lives, on a lower-premium product.
Operator: The next question is from John Rex of JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
John Rex - JP Morgan Chase & Co.: Could you just step me through it in the cash flow, so think about the first half, and can you roll me through where we are in July? Just I want to see where we are now. So I think you said, so if were about $100 million negative in operating cash flow for the first half, you said I think you got a $57 million cap payment early July, right?
Thomas Carroll: Right. Two things I would say. The states paid us in advance in 2009, so we had a very strong cash flow from operations in the fourth quarter of 2009, and for all of 2009, and I think it was like 2.8 times earnings in 2009. So obviously if we got $92 million in 2009 that was not paid to us in this year at the June 30 quarter end. The $57 million was deferred from June until July. We received that in the first few business days of July and its all in the bank by I think July 7. The real question on cash flow is what the states are going to do at any quarter end, so at September 30 or December 31 will they pay us an advance or not? I have no way of telling whether at December 31, 2010 we would receive another $92 million at year end like we did last year or whether we got it the first week of January. So thats the issue, is just the variations at any quarter end in terms of what the states will do.
Michael Neidorff: I think an important factor, John is that this is not a matter of a payment thats in dispute in any way. This is non-disputed cash, which is essential, is just the state deciding on the timing. I know last December, I remember in January we talked on the year-end call that we had gotten all this strong cash flow, that it would impact the first half of 10 and maybe longer. So I mean its the same kind, if we get paid June 30, as you know, if we get paid June 30 or July 1 its how its reported on the quarter but its still the same company with the funds in the bank.
Thomas Carroll: And this is applied equally to all managed care organizations within a state, its not just us.
John Rex: Right, so but if you look at yourself through where we are in July, right now, are you still ahead on payments for calendar 2010? That is or behind, I mean shouldnt you be evening out here?
Thomas Carroll: We will even out in the second half of the year we believe. Weve got the $57 million we said which was not paid at June 30 but again the $92 million we received in 2009, related to 2010, was benefitted in 2009.
Michael Neidorff: Yeah, Im not forecasting this is what will happen, but if one of the states, Georgia or Texas or somebody, says were going to pay you October 1 instead of September. Thats not something we really control.
Thomas Carroll: Its part of the states budgeting system and in all honesty we would prefer they push it back a week or something rather than have lower rates, so . . .
John Rex:  So if you were on a normal payment pattern, lets say you get on a normal payment pattern over the course of the 3Q, are you going to be in a meaningfully positive cash flow position by the end of the 3Q? It still seems like youd be kind of lagging even with the 3Q on a normal payment pattern.
Thomas Carroll: Well were minus $100 million roughly going into the third quarter so wed have to make all of that up. We do expect to have a strong cash flow quarter but whether we make up the whole $100 million that we were short for the first six months, well have to wait and see on that.
Michael Neidorff: If we got that $100 million plus all normalized payments for the quarter and they didnt drag in any others, it would be a cash-strong quarter. If we get $100 million and they drag fifty of it, its still a good quarter. You just cant, its just not something easy, a lot has to do with how their tax revenue comes (inaudible).
Thomas Carroll: As I said I think at Investor Day, this is really, its not even an economic issue because its a matter of days that they defer the payments in most cases, so its really more just the metric for cash flow thats impacted.
John Rex: Okay, and then back on your rate commentary, so based upon the discussions youre having with the states that remain in 2010, is your expectation that you wont get a flat rate update from any of those major states, that theyll all be somewhat in positive territory at this point? Michael Neidorff Well obviously weve commented that we went from a 0-2 to a 1-3 based on 30% of the . . . so yes we expect that all the states were talking to will show positive movement.
John Rex: And when will Georgia be done is your expectation?
Michael Neidorff: Well they did better last year than they did the year before.
John Rex: Where would you put it in terms of how far along, are you 80% of the way there in terms of being done?
Jesse Hunter: I think theyre ready to seek CMS approval. How long that will take is unclear. I would hope and expect to see it in the third quarter but cant be positive.
Michael Neidorff: And with CMS approval they can drag their feet. The person could be on vacation. Whats important is did they get the rate, did they approve it? And they will retro it to July 1, which will help cash flow.
John Rex:  And has Georgia given you any indication yet how the RFP process is going to work? I guess this contract, what, renews in 2012 for the first time since you won it. Is that right?
Jesse Hunter: Yes, thats correct.
John Rex: And so is your expectation that theyll be putting out an RFI or anything at the end of this year, or will that lag into 2011 when you see that, and have they let you know if that will be a full blown re-procurement?
Michael Neidorff: John, you have an election. The governors termed out, and you have an election coming up and youll have a new governor absolutely for certain come January, and hell probably have some new people working for him. And thats when you find out how they want to go about it. Anything I speculate now would be probably premature.
John Rex: Is it a given, though, that it has to be, do they have an option to extend another year or is it a given that it has to re-procured at this point?
Michael Neidorff: Sure. Mark?
Mark Eggert: I believe they do have an option but I would expect that theyll re-procure.
Operator: The next question is from Josh Raskin of Barclays Capital. Please go ahead.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital: Question around exchanges and you know, as regulations are going get put in place over the next few quarters or years even, and you guys have a little experience obviously in Massachusettes, so what should we be watching out for as the regulations come out around exchanges? What are some of the key important facets of a successful exchange that you guys are looking for? You guys have been more than obvious about your intent to participate, just want to make sure as those regs are coming out that theyre sort of moving on the right pace. What should we be looking for?
Jesse Hunter:  Josh, this is Jesse. So I think theres a few things, weve talked about it a little bit at Investor Day, just kind of a refresher on some of the highlights. I think, you know, as were looking at the structure, I think in a lot of the exchanges are we talking about, you know, what is the platform if you will? Is it going to be primarily a Medicaid platform, or a commercial platform? And so I think that one of the big variables there is the composition of the network and the reimbursement of the network. So network is going to be one of the key variables I think as we look at the model and particularly in the context of how do you try to manage costs within the exchange program. So obviously there are certain network strategies and network reimbursements that would impact the underlying cost structure. Benefit design and flexibility of benefit design is going to be another key variable. So what is going to be articulated by the state or the entity who is managing the exchange and then what is flexible, and what is kind of available for the participants in the exchange to create or modify the benefit design. So I think those are the two that I would put towards the top of the list as were looking at the various states and alternatives and discussions that we are participating in this state-based exchange rule-making process.
Michael Neidorff: I think what I would add to that is at some of the governor association meetings, governors approached us to get our thoughts and we talk to them about some benefit designs depending on the percentage of poverty level, about carving in the pharmacy, carving in behavioral and other things, and how, you know, alternatives around that, though theres, though were kind of participating but at, and to draw on some of our experience we have a voice in it but ultimately theyll decide what they want to carve in, what they want to carve out, and just how they want to go about it.
Joshua Raskin: I know Michael, you said some of the states were already sort of working towards that. I know the states kind of have an out if I guess they want to sort of punt it and put it to the feds to create the exchanges and I know were still a couple of years away but it doesnt sound like theres been a ton of progress yet. Do you think theres a chance that some of these are federally run, or do you think this will all be done at the state level?
Michael Neidorff: You know its really interesting because I think theres 12 or more states that have referendums where theyre saying they dont want to participate at all in the state program. Missouri is one of them and theres a vote August 3 that were looking at. And polls for what theyre worth at the moment are snapshots. So I think that states want to be able to manage it themselves, without the federal help unless the federal government is going to guarantee theyre getting all the money they need long term. What theyre worried about is unfunded mandates.
Joshua Raskin: Just switching gears to Dallas ABD, what is the total membership opportunity there?
Mark Eggert: In Dallas Fort Worth ABD is about 45,000. I may have that here
Joshua Raskin: And what do you think is reasonable share for you guys?
Mark Eggert: Well theres two other players. Im sorry, Im looking at my notes. Its 50,000 potential in the region. Two other players. Were still working on developing the network there, so a little hard to anticipate what membership well get at this point.
Joshua Raskin: But a third is not unreasonable.
Michael Neidorff: No, we tend to do well with the networks weve put together and how we manage it.
Joshua Raskin: And then just lastly the Indiana, I guess you guys have been invited for the contract negotiations, whats the timing on that, when do we get final resolution on that?
Mark Eggert: The state is still talking with all the plans, so I would think in the next several weeks, but we dont have a hard date.
Michael Neidorff: I mean the states, while they get fussy on how you articulate it, the reality is theyre sitting down with us talking through how to make it work, showing us what they want. Were looking at the language, theyre looking at the language. You know, youre in the summer months and we, Ive typically seen in other states, because I asked the same question Josh, when are we going to know, and they say well, youre heading into August, and they dont have a sense of urgency. Theyre dealing with all enforced players. All three, so its really a re-up with the three, so its just a matter of getting through the technical side of it.
Operator: The next question is from Doug Simpson of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Melissa McGinnis - Morgan Stanley:  Good morning this is Melissa McGinnis in for Doug Simpson. I guess going back to the rate environment, in those three markets where youre currently having rate discussions how is the uncertainty around the FMAP factoring into those negotiations? So how are those states sort of thinking about the non-extension or the extension of FMAP and what they would do to offset any loss in FMAP funding?
Michael Neidorff: Were not seeing what theyre talking about in that context. I think I said earlier that these are states that have had plans, recognize the savings. Its no secret, for example, that Georgias talked about bringing in SSI membership, doing an RFP in that some time, so theyre looking at their alternatives to expanding the markets. Oh and theyre focused on the medical cost trends and actuarial soundness.
Melissa McGinnis:  And then I guess more broadly, how should we think about potential margin pressures in 2011 or 2012 given that states will eventually have to be weaned off of this incremental FMAP at some point in the next 12 to 24 months.
Michael Neidorff: I think weve seen the weaning process now, as I just talked about, in these states. We did take our guidance on margins from 4-6 to 3-5. They want to see the plans be actuarially sound. You have to have given reserves and so they recognize that the insurance division talks to HHS and says keep these people healthy or else were going to have far bigger problems, so its very iterative and therell be pressures but I dont think its any different than what were seeing right now.
Operator: And gentlemen at this time I show no other questions in the queue.
Michael Neidorff: Well we thank you and we look forward to the Q3 call. Have a good summer.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael Neidorff - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Edmund Kroll - Senior Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations Jesse Hunter - Executive Vice President of Corporate Development Mark Eggert - Executive Vice President of Health Plan Business Unit William Scheffel - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: Thomas Carroll - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Brian Wright - Collins Stewart LLC Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital Scott Green - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Daryn Miller - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. John Rex - JP Morgan Chase & Co Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG
Operator: Good morning. My name is Shannon, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Centene Corporation First Quarter 2010 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I'll now turn the call over to Mr. Ed Kroll, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations.
Edmund Kroll: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining today's call, our first quarter 2010 earnings call. Michael Neidorff, Centene's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Bill Scheffel, Centene's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will be hosting this morning's call. The call is expected to last approximately 45 minutes and may also be accessed through our website at www.centene.com. A replay will be available shortly after the call's completion also on our website, or by dialing (800)642-1687 in the U.S. and Canada or (706)645-9291 from other countries. And for both, enter access code 63527302. Any remarks that Centene may make about future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provision under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in Centene's Form 10-Q dated April 27, 2010, and other public SEC filings. Centene anticipates that subsequent events and developments will cause its estimates to change. While the company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. I'd also like to remind everyone that our annual Investor Day is on June 2 this year in New York City, and that's a Wednesday this year. Normally, we do it on a Tuesday, but Memorial Day falls on a Monday. So please contact Libby Abelt in our New York office to RSVP to this event. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Michael Neidorff. Michael?
Michael Neidorff: Thank you, Ed. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining Centene's First Quarter 2010 Earnings Call. Before I begin to comment on another solid quarter, I would like to take a moment to share my thoughts on Centene's position in a health care reform era. I will then briefly review some of the first quarter highlights, and then turn the call over to Bill who will walk you through the financial details. Health care reform legislation, as we all know, was signed into law on March 23, 2010. Many of the details of reform have yet to be determined and more importantly, regulations has to be written and employees for the multitude of new government departments has to be hired. We recognize the importance of our role in facilitating the expansion of access to affordable, quality coverage for the additional 30 million Americans. This expansion will be accomplished by extending Medicaid eligibility and creating exchanges in the states. These exchanges will help working poor and other underinsured and uninsured individuals gain access to health care insurance via subsidized coverage. Reform presents a large growth opportunity for us. Providing effective quality coverage to this vulnerable population as a low-cost producer is at the core of Centene's competency. We have the systems and infrastructure in place that will allow us to be ready as reform continues to unfold over the next three to four years and believe we are extremely well positioned to benefit in this new era. As you know, beginning on January 1 of 2014, Medicaid eligibility in all states will increase to 133% of the federal poverty level or FPL for all of all non-elderly individuals. This will add 16 million new Medicaid beneficiaries, more than half of the total expected coverage expansion.  From 2014 to 2016, the federal government will pay 100% of the incremental cost of the new beneficiaries. This will come down to 90% by 2020 and will reach a more normalized 55% level by 2024. The increased FMAP over the 2014 to 2024 time period will provide extra help for state Medicaid budgets and the support needed for the additional Medicaid lines. As we have discussed for the past 18 months, we have been working on repositioning Centene from a Medicaid-focused company to an organization that provides products and services to all individuals that fall within the underinsured and uninsured spectrum. We began this endeavor with the purchase of Celtic in July of 2008 which allowed us to tap into the underinsured and uninsured market.  Celtic was important in terms of having the systems and capabilities to cover individuals and small groups. In July of 2009, our CeltiCare subsidiary began serving low-income working adults up to 300% of the federal poverty level through the Commonwealth Care Program in Massachusetts. And in October 2009, CeltiCare began managing the health program for legal immigrants through Commonwealth Bridge Program in Massachusetts.  Additionally, we were aware and awarded a contract for the small group Commonwealth Choice Program which began during the first quarter of this year. We are currently the only public-managed care organization participating in the Massachusetts Connector Authority. This unique exchange experience will be very important as reform is implemented as it provides us with an opportunity to demonstrate our capabilities with the individual and uninsured populations. Also, the passage of the Drug Rebate Equalization Act, known as the DRE, along with health reform has moved a financial disincentive for states to carve out pharmacy benefits. DRE essentially levels the playing field, with respect to manufacture rebates and will allow states to focus on the clinical and other financial benefits of an integrated approach to medical and pharmacy management for our membership. Now I will discuss some highlights from the first quarter, a quarter with numerous achievements. In January of 2010, we raised $104.5 million dollars to a follow-on secondary offering of 5.75 million additional shares of common stock at a public offering price of $19.25. In addition to strengthening our balance sheet, the proceeds provided us with the liquidity and flexibility to take advantage of acquisition targets which meet our strict accretion and return criteria.  In February of this year, we announced the definitive agreement to acquire Columbia-based Carolina Crescent Health Plan, CCHP. CCHP serves more than 40,000 Medicaid members in all 46 counties across the state. I am happy to say that upon closing this acquisition, we will expand our South Carolina membership to approximately 90,000 members or 13% share of market. It is expected to close in the second quarter of this year and add revenues of approximately $60 million and $0.02 to $0.03 earnings per share for 2010. In addition, we expect approximately $125 million of revenue and $0.09 to $0.11 EPS on an annualized basis. In March of 2010, Moodys upgraded our debt rating to Ba2 from Ba3 with a stable outflow, reflecting favorably on our financial strength. Also in March, we completed the strategic sale of our New Jersey health plan University Health Plans and subsequently recorded a pretax gain of $8 million to discontinued operations during the first quarter of 2010.  In March 2010, we also announced that our specialty companies, Sympatico Behavioral Health, was awarded an expanded contract by the Arizona Department of Health Services. Sympatico currently manages behavioral health services in four counties in Arizona. In addition to renewing the contract in these counties, the new agreement expands Sympatico's coverage to an additional four counties effective July 1, 2010. Finally, we were disappointed that our Southeast Wisconsin contract was not renewed which would have been effective November 1. The resulting 2010 financial impact is immaterial to us given the current market environment for that region. Now for our first quarter details. First quarter Premium and Service revenues grew more than 12%, driven at-risk membership growth across all states, net premium rate increases and a conversion of members to our at-risk plan in Florida. Both the Indiana and Ohio pharmacy carve-outs went into effect the first quarter of 2010. As we have previously stated, these two carve-outs will reduce our full year 2010 revenue by $185 million. Excluding the carve-outs, the first quarter revenues would have grown by 17%, exceeding our 15% long-term growth target. Our consolidated first quarter HBR increased 50 basis points year-over-year and 10 basis points sequentially to 84%, the low end of our guidance range. Improvement in our existing markets were offset by new market reserved at higher rates and the impact of the pharmacy carve-outs. Turning to general and administrative expense. The G&A ratio for the first quarter of 2010 was 13.3% compared to 13.5% in the first quarter of 2009. This 20 basis point improvement reflects improved leveraging of our cost over a higher revenue base and the impact of additional revenue from new business. Partially offsetting this was start-up cost and a $4.6 million increase over last year's contribution to our charitable foundation. Note that the start of our Mississippi contract has been pushed out to October 1, resulting in a slight reduction in our revenue forecast and moving the bulk of the associated start-up cost to Q2 and Q3. Further G&A reduction beyond 2010 remains the top priority and our ongoing assistance improvement should enable us to accomplish this goal.  A quick comment on the rate environment. As we previously discussed, our early 2010 rate changes came in lower than historically experienced. We currently have known rates representing approximately 70% of our projected member months. We continue to forecast low single-digit rate increases for the state which adjusts in the second half of the year. Overall, we now expect full year 2010 rate to increase in the range from flat to 2%, slightly below our previous 1% to 2%.  We continue to work with our state customers to provide them with proactive solutions for the tight budget environment they are currently working in. While the U.S. economy is slowly recovering, state budgetary pressures and high levels of unemployment do exist. States will continue to have a need for our products and services, and we are well prepared to meet the needs of both our current and future customers.  We are confident that the diversity and effectiveness of our multi-line strategy will allow us to successfully operate and maneuver in a reform environment and are very excited about the abundance of growth opportunities to come. In the meantime, our pre-reform pipeline is full, and we expect strong growth in the years leading up to 2014. Finally, I would like to remind everyone what Ed has mentioned earlier. Our eighth annual Investor Day will be held in New York City on Wednesday June 2 at 8:00 a.m., and we hope you can join us. We appreciate your support and interest in the company, and I will now turn the call over to Bill.
William Scheffel: Thank you, Michael, and good morning, everyone. For the first quarter of 2010, Premium and Service revenues grew to $1.02 billion, an increase of 12.5% compared to the first quarter of 2009. This year-over-year increase was driven by several factors. First, membership grew in all of our states, particularly in Florida, with the continued conversion of non-risk managed care membership from Access Health System Solutions to Sunshine State Health Plan on an at-risk basis.  Second, the commencement of operations in Massachusetts under the Commonwealth Bridge and Commonwealth Care Programs. And then last, it should be noted that the 12.5% increase in revenue was moderated by the effects of the pharmacy carve-outs in Indiana and Ohio which took effect in the first quarter and reduced revenue by approximately $35 million in 2010 versus 2009. Our consolidated Health Benefits Ratio was 84.0% for the first quarter of 2010 compared to 83.5% in the first quarter of 2009 and 83.9% in the fourth quarter of 2009. The 50 basis point increase between years was primarily due to recording higher costs in our new markets, particularly Florida, of approximately 100 basis points offset by improvements in our existing markets of approximately 50 basis points.  With respect to flu costs in the first quarter, we experienced a relatively mild flu season this year. And recognizing the immateriality, we will not be separately reporting these costs going forward unless flu costs materially rise in the future. Our general and administrative expenses ratio for the first quarter of 2010 was 13.3% compared to 13.5% in the first quarter of 2009. The 20 basis point year-over-year improvement in the G&A ratio reflects the leveraging of expenses over higher revenues, partially offset by a small amount of business expansion cost in Massachusetts and Mississippi, as well as a $4.6 million increase in our contribution to our charitable foundation. $3 million of this contribution was funded by the gain on the reserve primary fund distribution which was recorded as other income. Excluding the year-over-year increase in charitable contributions, our first quarter 2010 G&A ratio would have been 12.8% which is relatively flat compared to the 12.7% recorded in the fourth quarter of 2009. Our first quarter investment and other income was $7.1 million, a $3.4 million increase year-over-year. The increase in investment and other income reflects increased investment balances as well as $5.4 million in distributions from the reserve primary fund received in January of this year. A gain of $3.0 million was recorded for the distributions received in excess of our adjusted basis, and I as I just mentioned, an offsetting $3 million distribution was made to the company's charitable foundation. Excluding the effects of non-controlling interest, our first quarter tax rate was 38.4% compared to 36.5% in 2009. The increase was primarily due to higher state taxes as a result of the change in the estimated benefit from New Jersey net operating loss carry-forwards and a decrease in tax exempt interest. For the full year of 2010, we expect our tax rate to be approximately 38%.  Our diluted earnings per share is $0.41 this quarter versus $0.43 a year ago. The 2010 results are $0.04 less as a result of the dilution from the additional shares issued as part of the stock offering in the quarter. We also benefited by approximately $0.02 during the quarter by not incurring the level of Mississippi start-up costs in the first quarter as previously estimated as a result of the shift in the start date to October 31.  I would like to now review our discontinued operations in the recently completed sale of our New Jersey health plans. During the first quarter of 2010, we recorded a pretax gain of $8.2 million related to the New Jersey sale. Overall, New Jersey contributed $3.9 million in after-tax earnings or $0.08 per share which is classified in discontinued operations. At March 31, the New Jersey statutory capital totaled $10 million. Over the next 12 months, as we pay out the remaining claims and subject to receiving regulatory approval, the majority of the capital will be transferred from the statutory entity. In March 31, 2010, cash investments held by our unregulated subsidiaries totaled $51.3 million while regulated cash investments and restricted deposits stood at $917.9 million. We have estimated our risk-based capital percentage to be approximately 350% of the authorized control level.  Our total debt was $232.7 million, and our debt-to-capital ratio was 23.7% at March 31 compared to 33.2% at December 31, reflecting the additional equity and pay-down of the revolving debt balance with proceeds from the stock offering. Our medical claims liabilities totaled $444.8 million, representing 47.7 days in claims payable. This is a 2.4-day decrease from December 31. As I discussed on our year-end call, our days and claims payable were higher at December 31 as a result of the holiday schedule the last two weeks of December. Thus, as expected and predicted, at March 31, the medical portion of our days and claims payable decreased by 1.5 days, reflecting the additional processing days at the end of this quarter. Also, the pharmacy portion of the medical claims liability decreased by almost one day as a result of the impact of the pharmacy carve-outs implemented during the quarter. For the first quarter, operating activities used cash resulting in negative cash flow of $38.5 million. This was primarily caused by a $73 million decrease in unearned revenue from December 31 to March 31 as a result of the timing of receipt of monthly premium payments. As we mentioned on our year-end call, certain states prepaid their January 2010 capitation payments in December of 2009. These prepayments caused a decrease in our cash receipts in the first quarter as reflected in the lower amount of unearned revenue at March 31 of $18 million. Excluding this timing issue, cash flow from operations would have been a positive $34.8 million or 1.7x net earnings. We still expect full year 2010 operating cash flow to be strong and in the range of 1.5 to 2x net earnings. Now I want to discuss our updated guidance numbers. At this point, we have updated our revenue and earnings guidance to reflect first quarter results, the impact of the Arizona behavioral health award, the loss of the Wisconsin Southeast region and the shift in timing of the Mississippi contract start date to October 1. We have not included the pending acquisition in South Carolina in our guidance numbers since that transaction has not yet closed.  Also during our guidance call in January, we indicated that we would be incurring start-up costs for Mississippi in the first half of 2010. But since the start date changed to October 1, we did not incur a significant amount of Mississippi start-up costs in the first quarter. We still anticipate incurring the same level of expenditures for Mississippi start-up costs, now on the second and third quarters, of $0.06 to $0.09 a share which has been adjusted for the additional shares from the offering.  So excluding the pending South Carolina transactions, we expect Premium and Service revenues in the range of $4.30 billion to $4.40 billion, consolidated HBR of 84% to 86% and a consolidated G&A ratio in the range of 12.4% to 12.9%. Our estimated diluted shares outstanding for 2010 is 50.5 million shares, and the 2010 earnings per diluted share are expected to be in the range of $1.73 to $1.83 for 2010. Last, I would like to point out that our calendar of earnings calls for the remainder of 2010 has been established, similar to our pattern for the last several years and is available on our website. Operator, you may now open up the line to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] You're first question comes from the line of Daryn Miller [Goldman Sachs].
Daryn Miller - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I was wondering if you could just talk a little bit about what's going on in Florida and maybe some of the opportunity there given some of the potential political changes?
Jesse Hunter: It's obviously a fluid process in Florida right now. So what we say, at this point, could change very quickly. But there has been a lot of momentum in this legislative session from both the House and Senate to expand Medicaid Managed Care, different ways to get there. But both proposals would represent meaningful expansion of the Medicaid Managed Care model, both geographically and so transitioning fee-for-service into managed care and the potential to add some other products. So obviously, that's something that we're following very closely and something that we're supportive of, and we will see where it ends up.
Daryn Miller - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I'm not sure if you had any commentary on the flu. It seemed like first quarter flu activity was pretty light. Just your thoughts around what you saw and your approach towards reserving in the first quarter regarding flu.
Jesse Hunter: One, we saw very light, as you know, from our data we showed you, our dashboard and assistance that things were confident with the numbers. And of course, we used the same methodology quarter-after-quarter for booking our reserves and we're comfortable that we adequately reserve for flu or any other medical expense.
Daryn Miller - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Would you say you reserved then for a lighter flu season? Or did you reserve, given how much visibility, there's point for a more of a kind of standard flu season?
Edmund Kroll: I would say, we reserve based on the experience we had, what our assistants tell us we should which reflects probably a normalized flu season, more normalized flu season.
Daryn Miller - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: It seems like there's a good amount of new business opportunities coming up, and it seem like there was a good amount of ABD opportunities. So there seem like there's been a shift towards more ABD moving towards managed Medicaid at this point? Or is this kind of at a level that we've seen historically?
Michael Neidorff: Well, I think we've been encouraging states to move in that direction as this is their highest-cost area and they need to help. And Jesse, anything you want to add to that?
Jesse Hunter: We've been talking about our Investor Day the last couple of years, so I think it's consistent with our expectation.
Michael Neidorff: I might also add that our experience in ABD is solid. It's something that -- all the assistance I showed, really are very supportive of helping us manage it .
Operator: Your next question or comment comes from the line of Scott Fidel [Deutshce Bank].
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG: First question, just interested on what you're seeing with the duration of your members at this point and just interested if you're seeing the members stay on the platform longer just as unemployment remains at elevated levels and whether you've started to see some benefits from lower utilization because of that, because obviously last year, we saw a lot of pent-up demand as the uninsured came on to the Medicaid system.
Michael Neidorff: I think first, I would -- just to be consistent, we never experienced that same level of pent-up demand, and others see it, too. We did report historically, we see an increase, about 10% of our population, Bill, have been...
William Scheffel: Who were members for more than nine months, I think that's what it was, yes.
Michael Neidorff: Yes. So yes, I mean people are staying on longer. But we've had very flat demand across the membership, Scott.
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG: Then second question, just on the industry fee piece of health reform, and I know that there's a lot of efforts by Medicaid, MCOs to work with the states to try to get an exemption from that. Just if you can give us an update on how, I guess, those lobbying efforts are moving forward at this point and whether you're seeing receptivity from lawmakers in D.C.?
Michael Neidorff: We are obviously keeping a lot of pressure on it. We have a very active group who demonstrated their capabilities of the BRE and other things and it feels like [ph] -- there's so many areas that has to be understood and worked on that it's just one of many things that we just continue maintain the pressure. It doesn't come in for a few years, so they did reduced the amount. But you have to look in out in Canada [indiscernible] the bill, I think when they passed the Senate Bill, it's the only one they could. It was still a work in progress, and it had not been fully completed. So we have to work with everybody across the whole bill and all our constituencies to see if we can make some sense out of something.
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG: Then just a question on the New Mexico behavioral contract that is being taken out of Optum and rebid, just an update on what type of opportunity you think that might be? And is that something that Centene would be interested or Sympatico in bidding on?
Michael Neidorff: I think we typically don't respond to what we're going after until the state discloses it. Anything of that size, of course, is something I would expect the Sympatico people to look at. And they'll make a decision as to the opportunity, starting with returns and profitability on it, reasonable profit on it, and we'll go from there. So obviously, it's something we're looking at. And if we decide to bid on it and the state discloses that, you'll know then.
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank AG: Then just one last question maybe for Jesse, do you have an estimate at this point of how many independent Medicaid operators there are in the U.S.? And how much share of the Medicaid Managed Care market they have maybe in terms of total Medicaid Managed Care enrollment or just the market share of the independent operators?
Jesse Hunter: We've got those things that we track generally, Scott. So I mean we can provide an update on some of those things at the Investor Day.
Operator: Your next question or comment comes from the line of Brian Wright [Collins Stewart].
Brian Wright - Collins Stewart LLC: Can you give us a little update on Massachusetts, post all the upheaval in the news and the small group market there? Has that had any meaningful change post-March 31 on enrollment?
Jesse Hunter: Yes, Brian, this is Jesse. I'll take that one. So we have seen, obviously, a lot of activity, particularly in the commercial market with respect to the Department of Insurance and rate setting there. That has not impacted us. So we were one of, I guess, the relatively few people who did not get any pushback from the -- so we have approved rates and everything looks fine for us from that prospective. It's a little early to tell I would say in terms of the membership impact from that. Where you would see the preponderance of that would be in the Commonwealth Choice program, which is new for us. We are enrolling members into that, but it's early stage. So we are seeing the impact just generally of being the low-cost health plan in Massachusetts.
Michael Neidorff: I think, I mean I'm comfortable that we're -- I think the state sees us bending the curve for it. And the other low-cost consumer [ph] to my knowledge at this point, it has approved rates going forward for Choice.
Brian Wright - Collins Stewart LLC: But you're not willing to tell us whether you've actually enrolled anybody as a result of all the upheavals from your competitors in that market?
Jesse Hunter: It's already -- So Brian, we do not have high expectations for the Commonwealth Choice program in the near term. So as we said before, we don't expect that to be material. So as we get -- and we just started enrolling people at the end of the first quarter. So it is early for us to give something specific about the impact of that.
Brian Wright - Collins Stewart LLC: And then, I guess, could you just talk about general kind of RFP likelihood of activity going forward because I think there are some people out there who are saying, "Okay, looking forward, it looks like some of the political intricacies of the Florida market." And then they are saying "Well, look, Florida may not happen -- this is one of the markets that was going to be one of the first of the expansions that we are all looking forward to." Could you just kind of talk to whether Florida is indicative of other states maybe slowing their rate of managed medicaid expansion.
Jesse Hunter: I think we expect there is going to be a consistent flow of activity between now and 2014. So every market has its own dynamics. I think -- so take Florida, for example, there is uncertainty as it relates to what will happen in this session, but I don't think that there is long-term uncertainty that something will happen, so positive. So I think there will be activities. I think it's all still, as Michael indicated in his opening comments, I think it's still early with respect to the details of healthcare reform. But I would expect states who are not doing anything today to move in a Medicaid Managed Care direction between now and 2014.
Michael Neidorff: I think, Brian, hear me, with regards to Florida, I would not generalize on that specific. I think everybody has been reading the political issues that are taking place there, which are signing on all of this. And it's a more unusual approach to politics at this point.
Brian Wright - Collins Stewart LLC: And so I guess the takeaway here is what you see as future backlog hasn't shifted outward as a result, that like your view of that x Florida isn't that it's shifting outward?
Michael Neidorff: No, we continue to see a very full pipeline of RFP activity.
Operator: Your next question or comment comes from the line of Tom Carroll [Stifel, Nicolaus].
Thomas Carroll - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: A question on the change in the pharmacy rebate that we've seen as a part of reform. It sounds like the changes could encourage more states to carve RX back into the cap rate. However, we've seen Ohio and Indiana I think carve it out recently as you discussed. Will this come back at some point into Centene? And do you expect to see other markets where you don't have pharmacy risk come back in?
Michael Neidorff: I think, one, they carved out before the act was signed. And they were the states who were scrambling for pennies and do not take any risk on that. But obviously, I think there's clear incentives to carve in, and I think states are taking a good hard look at it. I expect some to carve it back in or carve it in. It's a matter of economics versus political will, and our will to just going to continue to work on it. We have confidence. We have our own PBM. We have the tools to make it work for our state clients that want to do it. And we can be supportive of them.
Thomas Carroll - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: So in the near term, you don't see any one or two-year visibility on reversal of those two states?
Michael Neidorff: I'm not going to -- in the absence of incentive, do it now [ph]. In a political year, with this elections coming up, particularly Ohio, they have a highly contested mature rates. I'm not pushing them on it, but they understand where we're at, and we've had pre-carved out discussions about their evaluating and considering strongly carving back in once DRE [ph] in price. So I'm not going to sit here and say, "They've told me they're going to do it until they have."
Thomas Carroll - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: A question on Celtic. You've established a nice Massachusetts presence there, and that certainly should help you in the future. But outside of Massachusetts, how much revenue does Celtic have right now?
Jesse Hunter: That's about $80 million annualized.
Thomas Carroll - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: So $80 million annualized outside of Massachusetts. Is that correct?
Jesse Hunter: Correct. That's right.
Operator: Your next question or comment comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck [BofA Merrill Lynch].
Scott Green - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: This is Scott Green in for Kevin. My first question is on MLR seasonality. On the 2010 guidance call, you emphasized that 1Q is seasonally higher in part due to flu trends. So given a weaker flu in the period, is it fair that we might not see that same seasonality this year? Or what should we be considering thinking about MLR going forward?
Michael Neidorff: I think in Q1, we had a more normalized flu season and you can see how we adjusted our annual guidance, which probably gives some indication that the Q1 results in the MLR that we reported at the low end of our range was a better-than-expected year, right? And now I expect having recognized that improvement in Q1, we will march [ph] along the balance of the quarters. If we'll to put it in the range, in the 84 to 86 range.
William Scheffel: I think obviously, Q1 was impacted by the pharmacy carve-outs. And so there's sort of a realignment of what the ratio will be. So that's why we were at 84.0 for the quarter. Last year, we did incur sizable amounts of H1N1 flu costs in particularly the third quarter and the fourth quarter. And so the absence of those costs for this year that comes to past would obviously help bend the trend in that regard.
Michael Neidorff: And I think as you look out, we have new businesses coming on, which impacting -- we always reserve a minimum of 90% MLR, but new book of business, we have Mississippi. We have a new business coming on in South Carolina, which we expect the first month of operations there would be able to quickly normalize. But there's still a higher medical cost experience there. So all those things come into play.
Scott Green - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: And can you talk about the outlook for the Commonwealth Bridge program? Is that a contract do you think you'll be able to extend during the year? What's in guidance? I think it was supposed to be a temporary program?
Michael Neidorff: Jesse?
Jesse Hunter: Yes, there's not a lot that we can say. That's in active procurement as we speak. So not a lot we can do to comment about kind of where things stand on that, but they have been funded.
Michael Neidorff: If you talk about private. It has been funded. They initiated funding in June. Or to a clear time [ph] with this session has now -- we have the funding for it, so we expect it to continue.
Scott Green - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: So it's in your guidance that it will be continued?
Jesse Hunter: I think what we have said previously, so outside the procurement stuff, we had said previously that there was some level -- we were expecting to retain some level of the contract.
Scott Green - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: It looks like you revised or adjusted your reimbursement rate outlook at least slightly. Did you actually receive any new rates that drove that decision? Or is it just general macro factors being considered?
Michael Neidorff: No, I think it's macro. And we like to talk about the abundance of conservatism we apply to things. You can see that we think we'll be able to diminish [indiscernible] of where our guidance has been in spite of that. But why not create a realistic expectation that some states could be flat. We're just starting to enter into negotiations with a couple of things. We've seen no rates from here. So why just now? It's a better spot to be in our judgment.
Operator: Your next question or comment comes from the line of Josh Raskin [Barclays Capital].
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital: Just following up on Jesse's comments around Florida and the legislative process that's going on this week. I guess my understanding is that legislature gets out at the end of this week. So is your thought that there's still a chance that there could be an expansion for 2011? Or do you think that's really not necessarily too realistic based on just timing?
Michael Neidorff: Well, it was a timeframe, and there are political pressures. I wouldn't be surprised if nothing does get out, but it doesn't mean that we're going to stop talking to people and attempt to work through that. But I would -- just looking at the Howard's turnaround of a bit short term, I wouldn't be surprised if we're still out of tip for the next legislative session. It's not the end of the world. I'm a little more concerned that if done right then we quickly would see what happens if we turned quickly.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital: But it's fair to characterize this legislative in Florida as being the closest that we've seen for a state-wide expansion, right? It seems as though -- I think you mentioned momentum there. I guess as we think about next year, it seems like we're closer than we've been. Is that fair?
Michael Neidorff: Yes, and I don't think the people that are involved in making that decision. Their term limited out, so I think there's -- now you're going to have a lot of same leadership in the legislature that we have now. So I mean that's kind of something, too. It's just a matter of -- sometimes, it's a matter of timing. It's a little bit like a tedious question on medical laws and the various states and the rates. We have to look at it, and we keep coming back to a pretty very much a macro view of all these things. We're optimistic. We're comfortable. We're able to increase guidance a few cents. Why? Because that's how we see it in spite of all these issues. And so we're always going to give you our best thoughts on that as that time as we see it the same thing here, Josh, in Florida.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital: You guys break out 87,000 lines as ABD/Medicare, and I know Medicare standalone is relatively small with the net total. But as you think about the minimum MLR requirement, and I know that's until 2014. But is your sense that the ABD or the Duals could potentially be subject to a minimum MLR? Or do you think because that is on the Medicaid side, it would not be part of the Medicare MLR floor?
Jesse Hunter: Josh, on some of these things -- the people that will be helping to write these regs. There's not a lot of track record. It's high end. And yes, we will put forward our cases what we think should be done, I expect there'll be some consistency on how they want it done. And they're working to it, finally get passed. We have people in place that can make our position well known. And I think we'll come out of it just fine. It's hard to give a real specific yes or no for this question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of John Rex [JPMorgan].
John Rex - JP Morgan Chase & Co: So just first, on your post-Wisconsin ending and the resolution of that. Are there any significant contract rebids due up in 2010 at this point?
Michael Neidorff: No, we have an Indiana contract. Our affiliates where we have better response to it right now.
John Rex - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And when do you expect a decision on that?
Jesse Hunter: Approximately June 1.
Michael Neidorff: Some of it already due.
John Rex - JP Morgan Chase & Co: In that one, in terms of kind of the direction and moving on that, as expected to be a consolidation of vendors? Or expansion? Or kind of what's your view on that?
Michael Neidorff: Well, I think, and Mark commented, they are requiring we'd be able to grow on both businesses. So Mark do you want to...
Mark Eggert: Right, the state has given no indication that they're looking for consolidation. But they are merging two programs, their Medicaid program and their Healthy Indiana program. So bidders have to participate in both.
Michael Neidorff: They're having technical -- the important part of our idea is to bid on that.
John Rex - JP Morgan Chase & Co: So you said the decision is due June 1?
Jesse Hunter: Approximately June 1.
Michael Neidorff: And John, there's always the chance that states will be on time.
John Rex - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Well, speaking of timing, should we expect kind of the annual late-Georgia rate update? I don't know if there's been a year we spent on time, so it's kind of the expectation that that's kind of similar to this year? Or do you feel like they're further along and we should get it timely this year?
Michael Neidorff: I think each year, they've done better. And I think my earlier attempt to humor, right, I actually clarified that states are under some of the same pressures everybody else had, trying to get the data, trying to get it in, trying to get to see them ramp. There's so many factors. That they didn't have the best intention of putting something else on June 1. Probably CMS has not responded to them in a timely fashion, or wants more information, that type of thing. It's pretty hard to guarantee that to anybody beyond that.
John Rex - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I guess maybe I'm trying to get kind of a sense of kind of your visibility on that one in the process. Are we still extremely early staged? Or kind of is your sense that we're far off the line, we'll get this on time and that just give me a better sense of kind of maybe where your visibility is on the process?
Jesse Hunter: We haven't received draft rates yet from the state. We're on about the same timetable, I would say, that we were on last year, except our hope is that the issue will be a little simpler this year. Last year, the state is creating a new payment methodology for the below birth rate infant switch delayed the rate approval by CMS. So it's still early in the process. We don't have draft rates yet, and so it's very difficult for us to estimate when that process will be...
John Rex - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Back on the kind of excise tax issue. I know that's a long ways out. But can you just like maybe in your key markets, maybe in focusing on Texas because I think Georgia is kind of less relevant on this aspect. But how prevalent are the tax-exempt NCOs in the market like Texas? Like kind Of roughly, what kind of share do you see them having? And I'm just saying that because for now, right at the moment, they're exempt from the excise tax?
Michael Neidorff: The proponents in Texas tends to be the both private healthcare.
John Rex - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Do you have any sense of kind of the share of the tax-exempt? So some of these are going to be provider sponsored, I'm sure. But I'm just trying to kind of get...
Michael Neidorff: John, it's small. I mean when you look at it, we're already a big provider. You have the other public companies down there or major players so or these players -- when you look at the EPO, it seems they're not one of the planned out sales, so those types of things. And I think this is not a big presence.
John Rex - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Do you have any markets where there is a bigger presence?
Michael Neidorff: I think probably Minnesota. I think Michigan has a bigger presence will be...
John Rex - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I'm thinking kind of markets that you guys are in?
Michael Neidorff: Yes, I think Georgia. You have Ohio. Massachusetts has a lot of them. You'll find out as much information as we do on that.
Operator: Your next question or comment comes from the line of Tom Carroll [Stifel, Nicolaus]
Thomas Carroll - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I was thinking a little more about your reserving levels and what you reported this quarter and just the timing of things. I guess I expected to see some positive development in the quarter given flu and kind of some of the medical cost trends that the industry has been battling through over the last year. And you've managed to challenges well. So just I guess two quick questions. Do you feel comfortable with your current level of reserving? And secondly, did any PPD kind of impact the income statement this quarter?
Michael Neidorff: I think it's important that we've said -- there are three people looking at the reserve level. We have our internal people. We have an outside actuary with the expertise. And we have our accounting firm actually. So we have three views of it. So we're comfortable at what we've booked and that we've maintained the same level of conservatism that we have at Medicaid.
Jesse Hunter: Yes, I think nothing is changed really in our reserving practices. The total balance of our medical claims liability changes every quarter based on the two weeks before the end of the quarter, how many claims were processed a little bit there in terms of number of days, and shifts around a little bit. But if you look in our press release, for example and what we've shown over the last three or four quarters, the amount of prior period development, which is included in there, I think it's $49 million for last year at this time and so that's been pretty consistent over the last four quarters. So we don't think we've changed anything. We think we have the same level of conservatism as we're establishing reserves for the more current periods. And so we don't think that really impacted our income statement in any material way in the quarter.
Michael Neidorff: And I'm going back to what I've said historically or in the past couple of quarters. One, we have some systems. We have a dashboard we tried showing people. We have some predictive modeling that we showed to people in New York that give us another cusp to where we are. The dashboard gives us realtime based on the downturn today that's going to have some claims paid last night, a realtime type of information which makes a major difference. And we manage it. We use date received versus paid triangles. And one of the companies tends to just acknowledge that's how they do it. So I think a lot of it is systems of being consistent. And if you look back over the years, the negative surprise is, I think, we had, one that I can think of, a year that's comparable, 2006. Now with the pharmacy thing, and I'll never forget, it started Indiana, Ohio, increase use until the people worked something like pharmacy issue in terms of how they're using some drugs. And they were putting some things that should have gone through one system to the other. So we closed that depot.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Michael Neidorff: There's no more questions. We thank you for participating, and we'll see some of you at various conferences, and others, we'll talk to you another quarter. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-09 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Ed Kroll - SVP, Finance and IR Michael Neidorff - Chairman, President and CEO Bill Scheffel - EVP, CFO and Treasurer Jesse Hunter - EVP, Corporate Development
Analysts: Gregg Genova - Deutsche Bank Brian Wright - Collins Stewart Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America Daryn Miller - Goldman Sachs Melissa Jaffe - CJI Markets Tom Carroll - Stifel Nicolaus
Operator: Good morning. My name is Al, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the Centene fourth quarter 2009 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. Mr. Ed Kroll, you may begin your conference.
Ed Kroll: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. I'm Ed Kroll, Senior Vice President, Finance, and Investor Relations at Centene Corporation. Thank you for joining our fourth quarter 2009 earnings call. Michael Neidorff, Centene's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and, Bill Scheffel, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Centene will host this morning's call. The call is expected to last about 45 minutes, and may also be accessed through our Web site at centene.com. A replay will be available shortly after the call's completion, also on our Web site at centene.com, or by dialing 800-642-1687 in the US and Canada, or outside those countries, 706-645-9291, the access code, 51681793. Any remarks that Centene may make about future expectations, plans, and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor Provision under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in Centene's most recently filed Form 10-Q dated October 27, 2009 as well as other SEC filings. Centene anticipates that subsequent events and developments will cause its estimates to change. While the company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Chairman and CEO, Michael Neidorff. Michael?
Michael Neidorff: Thank you, Ed. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining Centene's fourth quarter and full year 2009 earnings call. Before commenting on what was another solid quarter and full year performance, I would like to make some overview comments regarding the economy, our recent fall on stock offering, and Federal health reform. I would then briefly review some of the highlights of the fourth quarter and the year, and then the call over to Bill who will walk you through the financial details. It was this time last year when I first spoke about a global financial realignment taking place as a result of the 2008 economic crisis. A new era ensued in which states began facing high unemployment rates, severe budget deficits, and an expanding Medicaid eligible population. Consequently, Centene's cost effective and quality programs have become even more important to our existing and potential state customers. We need to help states stretch budget dollars further, while enhancing the access to care for vulnerable populations. It is also important for us to be a strong and reliable financial partner for our state customers with a focus on liquidity and capital adequacy, so we must be prudent balance sheet managers. Consistent with this philosophy, we made an already strong balance sheet even stronger by raising $104.5 million in a follow-on equity offering in January 2010. These proceeds allow us to reduce our debt-to-cap ratio to the low mid-20s from the low 30s, and to reload our $300 million revolver to where the full amount is available. It is generally recognized in our industry that a strong balance sheet enhances the ability to pursue M&A opportunities and new state contracts. We're always selective in choosing our growth opportunities. But this offering gives us additional flexibility to move quickly to take advantage of those targets that meet our strict accretion and return criteria. We look forward to reporting to you in the future on the effective deployment of this capital, and know fully, we will be judged on how we use it. The reset that began in 2008 is not complete. It is an ongoing process. And as I said on our 2010 earnings guidance call last month, 2010 will be a realignment year for our industry, with even tighter state budgets and uncertainties surrounding levels of federal stimulus release. Though on the latter point, the recent budget proposal for fiscal year 2011 from President Obama was somewhat encouraging. It included $25 billion to extend increased FMAP payments through June of 2011. The outcome for federal health reform remains uncertain. We are closely watching developments with a careful eye on what is meeting real needs and what is politics at work, or a combination of both. However, we're well prepared and continue to believe that the diversity of our multi-line strategy has positioned us to operate more effectively in whatever post-reform environment ensues. Regardless of federal health reform outcomes, states will continue to have a need for our products and services, and maybe more so. And we would expect to continue to meet their needs as well as those of new states. Now, switching gears, I would like to mention some of the highlights of the past year. Our team has done a tremendous job, demonstrating its ability to successfully manage this business through a very difficult and uncertain economic times. In the full year 2009, premium and service revenues grew more than 18%, with at-risk membership growing across all states. We grew EPS slightly more than 15%, compared to the 2008 run rate despite absorbing significantly greater flu costs in 2009. Programs focusing on the state's uninsured population to our Celtic subsidiary were part of what we did. We are the only national NCO with this valuable experience. We were chosen as one of two coordinated care organizations to participate in the new managed Medicaid contract in Mississippi that commences later this year. The inclusion of Boston Care in the Mississippi contract demonstrates the success and effectiveness of this innovative product first launched by us in Texas in 2008. We anticipate our experience in both Texas and Mississippi will be beneficial to launching these products in other states. We began converting non-risk managed care membership in Florida from Access Health, the Sunshine State Health Plan, on at-risk on February 1, 2009. At December 31, 2009, we served 102,600 members on an at-risk basis, while Access served 59,700 members on a non-risk basis. We rolled out a new medical management system capability to improve health outcomes while reducing costs. This real time, intelligent, and analytic tool included desktop executive dashboard that provides early warning of at-risk trends; claims rolled out for quick analysis of clinical information, financial, or operating issues; as well as predictive modeling. We believe these largely proprietary tools were at least partially responsible for our successful management of high flu costs in the year, where others became victims. Now, on to fourth quarter results, fourth quarter revenues increased 19.6%. This solid revenue growth was derived from diverse sources, including entrance into new states, expansion in existing states, and the introduction of new products. Our consolidated fourth quarter HBR increased 160 basis points year-over-year and 20 basis points sequentially. Please note that is a significant improvement in our ABD markets. A 170 basis points, particularly in Ohio and South Carolina was more than offset by reserving for higher rates in new markets Florida and Massachusetts, 160 basis points; a decrease for our CHIP/Perinate product in Texas, 60 basis points; and, additional flu costs of 80 basis points. I would remind you that Q1 of '09 was an exceptionally mild flu season, and that we remain vigilant in Q1 of this year recognizing there is both H1N1 and additional strains with which we must content. Turning to general and administrative expenses, the G&A ratio for the fourth quarter of 2009 was 12.7%, compared to 13.8% in the fourth quarter of 2008. The 110-basis point improvement reflects our continued focus on G&A leverage as well as the impact of additional revenues from new business. We expect to further reduce G&A ratio in 2010 by at least an additional 50 basis points despite the offsetting impact of Mississippi start-up costs. Further G&A reduction beyond 2010 remains a top priority, and our ongoing systems investments should enable us to accomplish this goal. Now a comment on the rate environment, as we have noted on our 2010 earnings guidance call in January, our early 2010 rate changes came in lower than historically experienced. Through our margin protection program, we have identified initial cost offsets to mitigate these factors and are in the process of identifying additional offsets. We currently have known rates representing approximately 70% of our protected member months for 2010. We continue to forecast low single-digit rate increases for the states which adjust rates in the second half of 2010. Overall, we expect full rates in 2010 to increase 1% to 2%. Centene is an agile and resilient company with a business model that is built to grow in both good and bad economic times. We remain committed to our state partners and to maintaining a prudent and selective approach to both current and new business endeavors. As we look into the future, we see a long runway ahead of us with an abundance of growth opportunities. We thank you for your interest and support. Before I turn the call over to Bill, I would like to invite institutional investors (inaudible) to join us in New York City for a brief medical management systems update on February 22nd. We want to provide you with a demonstration of our new executive dashboard tools that I mentioned earlier in my remarks, the equivalent of what you could see on the tour of our office. We think these are a real differentiator for Centene in medical management and having visibility on trends. Please mark your calendars for February 22nd, for a two-hour meeting starting at noon. Please watch for our press release later this week for further details. Now, Ill turn the call over to Bill for the financial discussion. Bill?
Bill Scheffel: Thank you, Michael, and good morning, everyone. First, I will give an update on our New Jersey transaction. As previously announced, we anticipate closing on the sale of assets related to our New Jersey health plan later this quarter. We have classified New Jersey as a discontinued operation since last year-end and throughout 2009. Accordingly, the financial results discussed throughout this call will be in the context of continuing operations, and therefore exclude our New Jersey health plan. For the fourth quarter of 2009, premium and service revenues grew $1.05 billion, an increase of 19.6% compared to the fourth quarter of 2008. Our revenue increase was driven by membership growth in all of our states; premium rate increases, including recording the Georgia rate increase related to July 1st 2009 to December 31st 2009, all in the fourth quarter; commencement of operations in Massachusetts to manage healthcare services for member under the State Commonwealth bridge and Commonwealth care programs; the acquisition of certain assets in South Carolina last March 1st; and, in Florida, the conversion of non-risk managed care membership from Access Health Solutions to Sunshine State Health Plan on an at-risk basis. For the year ended December 31st, 2009, premium and service revenues grew to $3.878 billion, an increase of 18.4%, compared to the year ended December 31st 2008. The full year 2009 revenue increase was driven by the items I just discussed, and in addition, having a full year of Celtic operations, and acute care services in Yavapai County, Arizona. Our consolidated health benefits ratio or HBR was 83.9% for the fourth quarter of 2009, compared to 82.3% in the fourth quarter of 2008, and 83.7% in the third quarter of 2009. The 160-basis point year-over-year increase and 20-basis point sequential increase are detailed in the reconciliation of the changes in our health benefits ratio in the press release. The portion of the year-over-year increase related to new markets was driven by the expansion in the Florida market. We have seen higher than anticipated medical costs, particularly for those members that converted in the third quarter of 2009. Our medical cost experience to-date is higher than the Access Health experience for the same population. We are working aggressively to manage these costs to match expectations. With respect to flu costs, we estimate that we incurred $9.6 million of flu costs in the fourth quarter of 2009, compared to $1.3 million in last years fourth quarter, and $5.9 million in the third quarter of 2009. Flu costs peaked in October and decreased significantly by December. These costs, however, should not be taken in isolation since at the same time we have experienced lower than forecasted costs in the in-patient and pharmacy areas. The full year HBR of 83.5% increased 100 basis points year-over-year from 82.5% in 2008. Sixty basis points of the increase is due to the effect in 2008 of recording the benefit of the Georgia premium rate increase for the period from July 1st, 2007 to December 31, 2007 in the first quarter of 2008. Flu costs for all of 2009 totaled approximately $22 million versus $6 million in 2008. This increase represents approximately 50 basis points of our total HBR for the year. Our general and administrative expenses ratio for the fourth quarter of 2009 was 12.7%, compared to 13.8% in the fourth quarter of 2008. The 110-basis point year-over-year reduction in the G&A ratio reflects improved leveraging of costs over a higher revenue base and our continued efforts to lower our operating costs. The G&A ratio for all of 2009 was 13.3%, a 30-basis point decline year-over-year, which also reflects the leveraging of our expenses over higher revenues that offset by the effect of the Celtic acquisition, our business expansion costs in Florida, and the consolidation of Access. Our fourth quarter investment and other income was $3.9 million, a $2.1 million decline year-over-year. And our full year of 2009 investment and other income was $15.7 million, a $6 million decline year-over-year. Both the fourth quarter and full year 2009 declines were a result for lower average interest rates in 2009 and the consolidation of Access, which was previously reported under the equity method, and our portion of their income was recorded other income in the income statement. We have received the distribution from the reserve primary fund in January of $5.4 million, which represents a $3 million gain. Our current plan is to fund contributions of $3 million to our foundations with this money. Our fourth quarter effective tax rate was 36.7%, and our 2009 full year effective cash rate was 35.5%. Excluding the effect of non-controlling interests, our effective tax rate would have been 36.2% for all of 2009, compared to 38.4% for all of 2008. The year-over-year decrease is primarily due to lower state taxes in 2009, and a charge in 2008 of $1 million related to a write down for state net operating loss carry forward. With respect to our year-end balance sheet, cash investments held by our unregulated subsidiaries totaled $36.2 million, while regulated cash investments in restricted deposits stood at $949.9 million. We have estimated our risk-based capital percentage to be approximately 350% of the authorized control level. Our total debt was $307.7 million, and our debt-to-capital ratio was 33.2%. On a pro-forma basis, our debt-to-capital ratio is reduced to 23.6% as of December 31st, 2009 as a result of our recently completed stock offering of 5.7 million shares. Our medical claims liabilities totaled $470.9 million representing 50.1 days in claims payable, which is higher than normal reflecting the holiday schedule during the last two weeks of December this year. As a reminder, we are now including the pharmacy payables and the days in claims payable calculations and have reclassified prior periods to reflect this for comparative purposes. The 1.2 increase over the third quarter reflects the timing of medical claims processing and a slight increase in pharmacy claims. We expect the DCP number to decline in 2010, but still stay within our range of 45 to 50 days. For the quarter, cash flows generated from operating activities was $71.3 million or three times net earnings. For the year, total operating cash flows were $248.2 million or 2.88 times net earnings. Cash flow in the fourth quarter included the receipt of premiums for January 2010 for three states, and we recorded 13 payments in 2009 from one of our states. As a result, we expect only to receive two payments from the state in the first quarter of 2010. This will likely cause our cash flow from operations to be negative in the first quarter if the states stay with their announced payment schedule. I would like to update the 2010 full year financial guidance we provided in January. We continue to expect premium and service revenues in the range of $4.35 billion to $4.45 billion, consolidated HBR of 84% to 86%, and a consolidated G&A ratio in the range of 12.4% to 12.9%. We issued 5.75 million new common shares as part of a January 2010 follow on equity offering. Our estimated shares outstanding for 2010 is now 50.5 million shares. After reflecting the issuance of shares from the offering, we are adjusting our earnings for diluted share to be in the range of $1.70 to $1.80 for 2010. Operator, we can now open the line to questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And well just pause for a moment to compile the Q&A roster. And at this time there are no questions in queue.
Michael Neidorff: Okay. Then we thank everybody for calling in.
Ed Kroll: Can you just hold a minute?
Michael Neidorff: Well hold for a minute.
Ed Kroll: Well in the past wed have some problems.
Michael Neidorff: Yes. They were--
Ed Kroll: They were registering and--
Michael Neidorff: Thats right, thats--
Ed Kroll: We have no intent to cut the call.
Michael Neidorff: No, of course not. Thank you, Bill. Good suggestion.
Operator: I have a question coming in from Gregg Genova form Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Gregg Genova - Deutsche Bank: Hi, good morning. Can you remind us of your acquisition criteria, specifically around the timing of EPS secretion, and then also discuss if you would branch out the new business segments and funding arrangements, or if you think youd stick to your historical types of deals?
Michael Neidorff: Okay. I think first we -- it has to be accretive in the first 12 months after acquisition. We also use -- while we look at ROIs and other criteria, our driver is the IRR net cash flow after tax, and we use a term row discount value. It has to be the same as the entry value, and that somebody can show why its really different. It's just too easy to make things go (inaudible) by adjusting discount. But on the health trend side, its 20% to 25% hurdle rate, and on the specialty company, 15% to 20%. We all have to -- we obviously will be looking at our road strategy. Its first in existing markets. We look at service area expansions. We look at the various new products, adding products, especially cross-selling. All of which at times can increase the need for statutory reserves, but good in market accretive businesses. Were looking at new market developments, which we form our approach in the IRRs, but there are some new markets, and the regulatory and political environment, currently, I think are going to create some new opportunities. And then your last part of the question Gregg, we will diversify business lines. We have our O-Series [ph], Terra Haute. We look at the behavioral health, life and health management. We look at some of the things we have done. And therere other companies I can get too -- I cant get too specific because that will only serve to increase the cost to us, the value if somebody proceeds in those products. But we will continue to look at the government service sector and products related to that. And we see a lot of opportunities.
Gregg Genova - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thanks. On the legislative front, what are your thoughts on the FMAP expiration, and when they might tackle that, how will they tackle that?
Michael Neidorff: Well, I think as they are working through, we'll have to wait and see what they do, the jobs built theyre trying to work on now, and how they start to attach things to that, or what they do with it. I think they recognize they have these issues. And nobody has a crystal ball and all, theyre going to try and do that as a separate interim, (inaudible) attach it to a jobs bill or will they make it part of the broader healthcare reform that they still trying to come back to, but -- which we believe will probably be a scaled-down budget? The most recent budget proposal does have -- what I refer to in my earlier comments, the $25 billion to extend it to June of 2011. I think well find them constantly be an incremental on how they look at it to try and drive the states to using their own resources and workers -- people like us to find ways to drive down the cost.
Gregg Genova - Deutsche Bank: Great. Last question on the flu. You spoke to an incremental $16 million that you guys booked this year versus 08. And you talked about your guidance being conservative for 2010. So thats roughly $0.25 a share that you guys took this year. So is it safe to say you have a similar amount picked in, or--?
Michael Neidorff: I would say were -- as you look at it, you had two flus last year. You had H1N1 and we still have the seasonal that we saw. H1N1 has not gone away. Now, were still --were looking at our predictive modeling. Were using all the new tools that we have, in fluvention, and other things weve talked a lot about to try and determine is there increased immunity, people developed the immunological system. But those things are yet to be seen. Is there any change in the strains? Do they change in any way? Do you still have your various seasonal? So were saying is weve looked at -- weve seen various supports in CDC and others that say, Youre so far in Q1. But we also know thats the opportunity yet. This is still only early February, that late February, early March can have a very significant flu season. And were planning on that as we think about it. And Billy that ends across, and we want to be sure that because Q1 of last year had such a mild flu season that people do not presume thats going to be -- were not saying it couldnt happen, but will not happen again this year.
Gregg Genova - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: And your next question is coming from the line of Brian Wright from Collins Stewart. Your line is open.
Brian Wright - Collins Stewart: Thanks. Good morning. Can you tell me how many Access Health lives are still AFO at this point?
Michael Neidorff: Yes, Jesse?
Jesse Hunter: Yes, as Michael referred to, Brian, in his comments, it's about 60, 000.
Brian Wright - Collins Stewart: About 60,000? Okay. And then could you tell us what the February enrollment is for the Commonwealth Bridge and the Commonwealth Care?
Michael Neidorff: Well, we typically -- go ahead, Jesse.
Jesse Hunter: Yes, I was going to say, we generally dont give month-to-month enrollment across the plan.
Brian Wright - Collins Stewart: Okay.
Jesse Hunter: There are other sources you can potentially look through to find that information.
Brian Wright - Collins Stewart: Okay.
Michael Neidorff: Was historic enrollment at the end of the quarter, Brian, as opposed to what we see because every state does it a little bit differently. You get your preliminary numbers and you got reconciliation. So we want to keep it simple.
Brian Wright - Collins Stewart: Okay. Has there been a major change?
Jesse Hunter: No, we have not seen a major change.
Brian Wright - Collins Stewart: Okay. And then lastly, on the Foster Care in Mississippi, how many lives is that?
Jesse Hunter: Its a smaller piece of the overall puzzle. So were continuing to work through the contract discussions with the state, which includes the total expectations for the population. But Foster Care's a relatively small piece of the puzzle.
Brian Wright - Collins Stewart: And that was in the numbers that were already projected by the state?
Jesse Hunter: Yes.
Brian Wright - Collins Stewart: Okay. Thank you.
Michael Neidorff: Thank you.
Operator: And our new next question is coming from the line of Kevin Fischbeck from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America: Okay. Great. Thanks. I want to get a little more clarity on this closure of the MLR increase, 110 basis points sequentially due to new markets. Im going through the math of it. And even if we assume Massachusetts has a $400 PMPM, in order to get a 110 basis points sequential MLR increase on 5% sequential increase in enrollment, it looks like the new MLR is something in the high 90s, is that right?
Michael Neidorff: I think we now have Jesse add to it and Mary, and others in the room can jump in. Florida in particular, we are experiencing in the at-risk membership, some incremental costs that were drawing down on, taking a look at now. And Jesse, anything you want to add to that?
Jesse Hunter: I would just say since were looking at this sequential increase from the markets, in terms of the attribution between Massachusetts and Florida, I would say Floridas a bigger contributor to the increase than Massachusetts.
Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America: Okay. But is it directionally in the high 90s number, the right --what do you think about it then?
Jesse Hunter: For Massachusetts?
Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America: No, for Florida, for the entire new enrollment.
Jesse Hunter: Yes, with a ceiling towards Florida.
Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America: Okay. All right. And so it sounds like this isnt what you guys saw, in particular in the Q3, new enrollment, is this something that was already factored into your outlook when you talked about the HBRs? Or is this something that makes you feel more comfortable about the high end of the range now than the low end of the range?
Bill Scheffel: Well, with respect to the HBR, we knew the Florida HBR was running higher. And we factored that into our numbers in our guidance. And as we indicated earlier, were working on this as we did in Ohio a couple of years ago making sure that we do the appropriate things to get the HBR in line with our normal expectations, and that usually takes a couple of quarters.
Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America: Okay. Your guidance assumes that for a couple of quarters it stays elevated, but eventually comes back down to historical?
Bill Scheffel: Correct.
Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America: Okay.
Michael Neidorff: If you look at our 08, (inaudible) a new market, thats a pattern thats very clear you can see them through.
Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America: Okay. Is there any color on why youre seeing a higher costs trend in Access Health? Is it just new networks, et cetera, that takes a little what it used to or whats the main difference between what youre seeing and what actually is Access health is seeing?
Michael Neidorff: I think theres some new networks were looking with the state at theyre rating and how they looked at the risk scores there, so its just kind of an evolution and learning period. Anything you want to add, Jesse? Because youre--
Jesse Hunter: I think that covers every -- were looking at the general items that you would expect. So if were looking at utilization, unit costs, and then corresponding revenue thats attributed to the member. So were very focused on that at this point. And as Bill said, we are doing all the things that we need to do to get the experience in line with expectations.
Michael Neidorff: So if you think about it, from the standpoint of the size and the growth weve had there, we have critical mass in membership. It says that that is a particular issue that raises the costs. It gets exasperated. But I also says as you bring it in line, it comes down just as well. So I mean, this is nothing that we have not seen before. And Im just pleased that we can actually go down to name, rank, and serial number adopter now with the new dashboard so that it gives us a chance. It doesnt mean it happens instantly, but as always, our concern is that we do it in a way that is sustainable. So we--
Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America: Okay.
Michael Neidorff: --the short term.
Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America: Okay. So you commented about risk scores. So theres a revenue component for this as well as a cost component for this?
Bill Scheffel: Im saying were looking at everything at this point.
Michael Neidorff: What Im saying is that we look at every aspect.
Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America: Okay. And let me just follow-up on Brians question, so maybe not to get carried a moment, but could you breakout the quarter-end, just enrollment between Commonwealth Bridge versus Commonwealth Care? How much is Commonwealth Bridge?
Bill Scheffel: Bridge, just on an order magnitude, Bridge represents the majority of the population between the industries.
Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America: Okay. And one last question, as far the continued conversion of Access Health, is there a way to be thinking about it? Should it be consistent throughout the year or is there a quarter where more -- a better enrollment will convert?
Bill Scheffel: I think it's a function of us getting approval from the state on a county-by-county basis. So we have that -- our expectations when that come in at various points throughout the year, so I dont think were in a position to be much more specific than that at this point.
Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Operator: And your next question is coming from the line of Daryn Miller from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Daryn Miller - Goldman Sachs: Hi, good morning. Thank you. Just following up on the Florida medical costs that programs been growing pretty quickly. Do you have a decent claims disability at this point to be talking to a higher trend level? Or is the claim still fairly undeveloped?
Michael Neidorff: Our claims developed for the week had good visibility. Our claims that have been there, as you know, have a certain confidence level in that. But, Bill, you may want to add in terms of the dollars.
Bill Scheffel: We have literally four months of claims experience at this point at the end of 2009 for some of these counties that converted in the third quarter. So thats a little bit of experience has now a lot of experience in terms of having a good data to work from. So again, as Jesse indicated, were looking at all aspects of it and well continue to drill down on the claims typically by provider, by area, by type of cost, and review all of these things. And thats part of the normal process that we would go through in the new market as we try to make sure that the actual (inaudible) matches our expectations when we went into the market at the beginning. So in talking about it this much, I think that the message were trying to convey is were there a bit early, were using all the tools that we now have to work on it and to fix it, deal with it at a normal, rational, sustainable basis. And thats different in being a victim that says, This is what happened last quarter. So were trying to give you that insight as we see this, we know its there and were working on it.
Daryn Miller - Goldman Sachs: Okay. This is the tip of a high-level expense you see when you enter a new market. Great. Question on the services revenue line, this meant the volatility availability in that line over the last two quarters. How do we see that turning forward? A and then B, can you just talk a little about whats driving the changes over the last two quarters?
Bill Scheffel: I think one of the things is that we consolidated Access Health Solutions, which was theyre on a non-risk basis. So their income comes in, in the service line level. So as debt income -- as we start to convert those members at-risk, I would say less membership Access Health solutions. So therefore, they dont have that service income. So you see, shares have come down in terms of service income as a result of that.
Daryn Miller - Goldman Sachs: And what drove the increase in the third quarter?
Bill Scheffel: In the third quarter, access was still growing. I mean at times they were getting membership during the quarters of the year. Because they grew up in membership quite a bit since we originally invested in them a year ago or more. Yes.
Daryn Miller - Goldman Sachs: So the sequential change between the second and third quarter of 09 was the 5 million increases Access Health growing?
Bill Scheffel: I think thats a big deal. It sounds like is reconciliation income for -- because onto their model, they received a portion of the savings, and its done on the 12-month leg basis so theyll be estimating then, and then churning that up the actual. So you might have a little additional income at any one period of time from the results going back to 12 months ago.
Daryn Miller - Goldman Sachs: Okay, thats helpful. And then one last question, before you were talking about the Medipass program, any opportunities for you there if they change that program?
Bill Scheffel: Yes. I think theres a lot of talk in Florida and other states about various avenues to address improving quality and reducing costs, including moving from cheaper service in the managed care. We're infinitely involved in those discussions. And we would expect to be well positioned in the event that they go in that direction.
Michael Neidorff: I think with (inaudible) and all the things we have in our torches, all the various products, systems being provided, theres no barrier other than how they structure the program as PNA (inaudible) .
Daryn Miller - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question is coming from the line of Melissa Jaffe from CJI Markets. Your line is open.
Melissa Jaffe - CJI Markets: Hi, how are you guys doing?
Michael Neidorff: Great.
Melissa Jaffe - CJI Markets: Im just trying to get a sense of some on the sources being used as capital this year and I guess into the next year. Have you guys quantified whether youll have -- how much youll have to contribute to the subsidiaries this year?
Michael Neidorff: No, we havent. The other day we've talked about the extenders for example. Our estimate is Mississippi, Bill? So I think it's $20 million statutory reserves. I dont think its the number we estimated there. After that its a -- it maybe some additional capital need as we enter new markets and have a new products within existing market, and we have a sense of that. But a lot of it will be M&A as well. And on that line, I would just have to say, Stay tuned. I can't give you any more specifics in that?
Melissa Jaffe - CJI Markets: Okay.
Bill Scheffel: You have increases in a lot of states where we have growth. We have to fund the statutory capital increases for that and in new states, which are totally different.
Michael Neidorff: And a lot of these statutory needs in existing states is really generated to the cash flow we generate in those things.
Melissa Jaffe - CJI Markets: Right, right.
Bill Scheffel: So its not like its just all coming from the outside sources.
Melissa Jaffe - CJI Markets: Right. Okay. If my math is right, you guys, youre still looking at probably holding about $200 million in debt?
Bill Scheffel: Pardon me?
Melissa Jaffe - CJI Markets: You said you're going to get your debt-to cap between the low 20s or 30s? So I mean you're still -- you're not -- you're going to replace -- I mean you're going to replace it with a revolver, right?
Michael Neidorff: The revolver's been paid down. It's overtaken too. We have the more permanent debt with the bonds.
Bill Scheffel: With respect to the offering, we used the proceeds to the offering when we received the cash to pay our revolver down to zero. And then we put that additional cash because I think the revolver was only in the mid-80s at that time. The additional cash, this is increases in free cash. And so what we end up with from a capital structure is we have our $75 million senior notes outstanding, and then we've got some debt that's on our balance sheet with respect to our construction activity. That's about $32 million at the end of the year. And then, a little bit of debt on this building we rented for corporate headquarters. And then a $300 million revolver is available now for general business purposes.
Melissa Jaffe - CJI Markets: Okay. All right. Great. Thanks.
Operator: And your next question is coming from the line of Tom Carroll from Stifel Nicolaus. Your line is now open.
Tom Carroll - Stifel Nicolaus: Could you do the -- mention to us the three states where timing issues were a problem?
Bill Scheffel: I think the states that gave us some money before the end of the year so we have a larger increase in unearned revenue this year on the face of our balance sheet, and so, each state's a little different.
Tom Carroll - Stifel Nicolaus: I'm sorry. Did you get my whole question? I understand that we might have a problem with mine.
Michael Neidorff: I think so.
Tom Carroll - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. The question I got was the cash flow issues. You said there were three timing issues from three markets. Can you hear me now okay?
Michael Neidorff: Yes.
Tom Carroll - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. I guess what were those three states? And how much should be sourced from first quarter 2010 as opposed to fourth quarter?
Bill Scheffel: I think there were three states before the end of the year.
Tom Carroll - Stifel Nicolaus: Right.
Bill Scheffel: And one state, the state that's the 13th payment was actually Ohio. And so they're scheduled payment then and right now is only going to take two in the first quarter in terms of the calendar days. So if they stay to that schedule, then we won't -- we'll find it up with a negative cash flow for the quarter.
Tom Carroll - Stifel Nicolaus: Right. So how much from fourth quarter really should be at first quarter?
Bill Scheffel: They will pay us maybe up to $50 million a month just from one state.
Tom Carroll - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Thank you for clearing that out.
Operator: And we have no more questions in queue at this time.
Michael Neidorff: So we'll give another 15 to 30 seconds just to make sure we don't have anymore problems with any--
Ed Kroll: We thank everybody, and look forward to talking to you again in April. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-27 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael Neidorff - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Bill Scheffel - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Jesse Hunter - Executive Vice President - Corporate Development Mary Mason - Senior Vice President & Chief Medical Officer Ed Kroll - Senior Vice President, Finance and Investor Relations
Analysts: Daryn Miller - Goldman Sachs Brian White - Collins Stewart John Rex - JP Morgan Tom Carroll - Stifel Nicolaus Greg Nersessian  Credit Suisse Josh Raskin - Barclays Capital Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank Carl McDonald - Oppenheimer Matt Perry - Wells Fargo
Operator: Good morning. My name is Christy and Ill be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Centene third quarter conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. Mr. Kroll, you may begin your conference.
Ed Kroll: Thank you and good morning everyone. Im Ed Kroll, Senior Vice President, Finance and Investor Relations for Centene. Thank you for joining our Q3 call today. Michael Neidorff, Centenes Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Bill Scheffel, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Centene, will host this mornings call. The call is expected to last about 45 minutes and may also be accessed through our website at www.centene.com. A replay will be available shortly after the calls completion, also on our website or by dialing 800-642-1687 in the U.S. and Canada, or 706-645-9291 from other countries. The access code for both of those is 30957978. Any remarks that Centene may make about future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provision under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the Centenes Form 10-Q dated today, October 27, 2009, and other public SEC filings. Centene anticipates that subsequent events and developments will cause its estimates to change. While the company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. With that, Id like to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Michael Neidorff. Michael.
Michael Neidorff:  Thank you, Ed. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining Centenes third quarter earnings call. Before I begin to discuss the highlights of the quarter, as has become our practice, I would like to take a few minutes to provide updates on our view on healthcare reform, overall medical cost trends, H1N1 flu and the rate environment. Speculation about healthcare reform and its potential impact on the managed care sector continues to dominate investors and analysts discussions and comments. The resulting uncertainty has continued to way on the nations consciousness and all stocks in our group. At Centene, we continue to believe that the federal health reform should focus on expanding access to the uninsured and under insured, quality enhancements like DRE and increasing overall efficiencies. Whatever the outcome, we firmly believe our company is well positioned to successfully operate in a post reform environment. We have a competitive advantage that our multi-line strategy affords us through diversity, innovation and cost effectiveness. Congress still has much work to do to sort through the Marge of various bills in the Senate and House and it is still too early to note what the specific outcome will be. However, many proposals do read positively for Centene with the opportunity of membership growth. For example, expansion of state Medicaid programs or creation of exchanges in states to help citizens gain easier access to affordable quality health plans are both pertinent to us. Our extensive Medicaid health plan business and unique exchange or connective experience in Massachusetts should serve as well in any reform scenarios like those. The inclusion of Drug Rebate Equalization Legislation or DRE is another favorable item for us. DRE will allow the MCOs the ability to manage the all important therapeutic side of patient care, while yielding significant savings to both the federal and state budgets by ending the exclusion of managed care from the Medicaid Drug Rebate. Other aspects of the reform debate are not so favorable, such as talk of a $6.7 billion excise tax to possibly be bore by the managed care industry. It is still unclear if Centene and other Medicaid Managed Care organizations will be subject to this proposed tax, given concerns about actuarial soundness or in fact if the proposal will survive the debate at all. We continue to monitor events in the Washington DC closely and work with our trade groups as well as through our own Washington office. Next, I would like to address another concern among investors and analysts, that of deteriorating medical loss ratios. At any given time, there will be something that affects or impacts the health benefits ratio and it becomes a function of the severity and how it is managed. One can simply report it or attempt to manage and influence it we prefer the latter.
 : Third, the H1N1 flu and finally, a difficult rate environment due to tight state budgets I would like to take time to State Centenes experience on this matter. The H1N1 and the rate environment are viable issues. We are vigilant in preparing and coordinating with the state and local health departments, providers and other members to mitigate the effects of both the fear and actual incidence of H1N1. Centenes proactive awareness building program, Fluvention is underway with a special outreach to high risk groups for H1N1. These include pregnant women, children from six months old and up to 24 year old adults, as well as adults with chronic health conditions. We will provide more information on Fluvention in a separate press release over the next couple of days. As Bill will mention shortly in his comments, we have further bolstered our reserves to cover the anticipated greater flu costs in Q3. While we have considered increased flu costs in our year end guidance, we are not forecasting at the widespread pandemic level. While incidence of flu is expected to be materially greater, the severity of a case has been generally projected to be milder. It is our philosophy that reserves or for what has happened in guidance is for what you believe will happen. The fact that the rate environment is tight is not a new concept for us at Centene. We have been working with our state partners for sometime to help them gain more efficiency on the cost side of Medicaid, including by greater use of our cost effective multi-line specialty companies. For 2009, our average rate increases are in the low single digits. Our rates were recently finalized at 2% to 3% level in Texas and Florida, both effective September 1 and Georgia retroactive to July 1. Our early read on 2010 is to continue to expect a tight rate environment. Some states will be better than others, but on average we believe that SMAP should maintain rate stability in 2010 and our average rate increase should remain in the low single digit area. However, the assertions that pent up demand and provider upcoded or bundling are industry wide, in the intimation these are new phenomena that all MCOs will ultimately it come to is another matter. The geographic footprint of the Medicaid MCOs, are not identical and management discretion and execution are critical to successful medical cost management. The pent up demand for medical care for new members has always been a factor in our business and something and are used to when we enter new states. We have taken a comprehensive look at our claims data and are not seeing any meaningful change in the historic pattern, nothing more than a few basis points here and there. Now, I will bifurcate that and distinguish between new markets with members not having any prior coverage, where we took the lead years ago by booking in new markets at a conservative 90% HBR for anywhere from two to four quarters. Our new members in existing markets have historically proven to be higher than average utilizers and we reserve for them accordingly, but we have not seen any meaningful change in the historic pattern in existing states on either front. One change we have noticed recently is that our members seem to be staying with us a bit longer, possibly due to the recession. For example, we have seen at almost 10% increase in members with us at least nine months. This longer retention could help smooth out HBR by spreading the cost over a longer period. Our IBNR methodology is done using date received, also used by certain of the larger MCOs. This has taken years to develop and we find it to be superior to paid claims triangles.  Finally, on provider upcoding issue, this is not a new phenomenon. It has been around a long time. We have not seen a recent increase in these activities from historic levels. Contracting methods can be significantly different among MCOs. For example, Centene has predominantly fixed rate contracts for inpatient and generally avoids percent of bill charges inpatient contracts, which are especially volatile and difficult to predict. Also, we generally use only two tiers of emergency department claim coding for two thirds of our ED volume, unlike other companies that use five, which is subject to greater exploitation. Finally, our internal PBM gives us real time to update it that can serve as an early warning sign of outpatient utilization trend variances. We use code review systems and are recognized by providers for it. These are constantly updated and in fact we are rolling out a previously scheduled new version as we speak. This combined with activities of our fraud and abuse department, help mitigate the issue. We want to be managers of medical costs, not victims. I will now briefly review some of the highlights of the quarter and then turn the call over to Bill Scheffel, who will walk you through the financial details. Our third quarter results demonstrate that our focus on fundamentals approach continues to drive positive operating momentum. Operating revenue was strong at 18.1% year-over-year and our risk membership grew in all states. Sequentially, we added over 97,000 at risk lives across all markets. Year-over-year, we grew risk lives by over 18% adding over 215,000 members. Our consolidated HBR increased 150 basis points to 83.7%. This year-over-year increase was due mainly to increased flu activity across our business and a rate adjustment during the first quarter of 2009 that aligned our rates and cost structure for the CHIP Perinate product in Texas. HBR increased sequentially by 60 basis points, mainly due to higher flu and growth in new markets. Note that we did not record a Georgia rate increase in Q3. The entire six months of Georgia rate increase will be booked in Q4 and a Q3 portion will serve as part of our offset for higher flu costs. Turning to our general, administrative expenses, the third quarter G&A ratio of 13.2% declined 100 basis points year-over-year. This significant improvement demonstrates the benefits from our continued focus on G&A leverage. Especially in IT and occurred despite some offset from ongoing new business initiatives. We have completed an upgrade of our business systems, but other investments are ongoing as we enhance our systems at a manageable pace. We have increased our web presence and are using wireless devices for member outreach as well as improved service. Further automation of claims processing is a constant focus along with enhancing detection of fraud and abuse. As our specialty companies, they contributed another solid result in the quarter inline with forecast. We will continue to focus on external sales opportunities, providing valued services to our internal plans and achieving ongoing operational efficiencies within the unit. Now, Id like to highlight some of our new growth opportunities. The conversion process to at risk membership in Florida is continuing to run smoothly. Sequentially, 62,100 at risk members were added in Florida and about 60% of those were previously medically managed by our Access plan. Bill will provide some more detail on this in his comments. This state serves as a prime example of our low risk market entry strategy to partner with existing players in this case Access and to create smoother growth ramps. The third quarter was our first quarter of operations for our Celtic Health Plan subsidiary effective July 1 we began serving commonwealth care members in the Boston, Central Northern and Southern regions of Massachusetts. This is for low income working adults up to 300% of the federal poverty level who are not eligible for Medicaid or employer in sponsored insurance. CeltiCare has a successful launch and at September 30, we served 500 members in the state. While this number is below our original expectation, it is consistent with the delay in auto assignment in the state that we discussed in our Q2 call. Our relationship with the state continues to develop and as we previously announced, we will have three contracts with Massachusetts by early 2010. Effective October 1, CeltiCare began managing the legal immigrants in the Commonwealth Bridge Program. In early 2010, CeltiCare will also provide services to Commonwealth Choice members. This program targets individuals, families and small groups who do not qualify for public health programs such as Medicaid, Medicare or Commonwealth Care. These programs are consistent with Centenes strategy to offer innovative, affordable coverage solutions to increase the continuity of coverage for all Americans as their income fluctuates overtime. We continue to believe that our participation in Massachusetts will provide us with the appropriate knowledge and skills to both enhance our Medicaid expertise and create innovative new products. Thus helping, Centene to serve the ever changing healthcare needs of our state partners especially with federal healthcare reform looming. We announced in a press release October 24 that we will move forward with the sale of our New Jersey health plan. We are pleased to bring this closer to the strategic move, but as a reminder, it is our long standing policy to not comment on pending transactions. Lastly, I want to make note that we are carefully evaluating the many new growth opportunities that currently exist. We will continue to build on our multi-line strategy, coordinating efforts between our health plans and specialty companies. This strategy is key the driving product innovation, our status as a low cost producer, enhancing health outcomes and winning new business. As always, we remain conservative and selective in our pursuit of these opportunities. We will also continue to focus on making our company more efficient through greater G&A leverage. Our runway as long and we will be prudent as we navigate to the best benefit of our shareholders, customers and employees. We appreciate your support and interest in our company. With that, Ill turn it over to Bill for the financial details.
Bill Scheffel:  Thank you, Michael and good morning. To begin, I would like to mind everyone that the results of operations for our New Jersey health plan are classified in the financial statements as a discontinued operation as a result of our intent to sell the business.  Accordingly, the financial results discussed throughout this call will be in the context of continuing operations and therefore exclude our New Jersey health plan unless noted otherwise. For the third quarter of 2009, premium and service revenue grew to $987.3 million, an increase of 18.1% over the third quarter of 2008. Earnings per diluted share from continuing operations were $0.51 per share this quarter, compared to $0.41 per share for the third quarter of 2008. However the third quarter of 2008 included a $0.06 write-down related to our investment in the reserve primary fund. The increase in revenue was a result of premium rate increases, as discussed by Michael, membership growth in all states, including in Florida the conversion of approximately 62,000 members on September 1, 2009 from Access to our full risk plan, Sunshine State Health Plan. As an aside it should be noted that 60% of these members had been previously medically managed by Access under the successful PSN model and both Access and Sunshine have contracts with the major hospitals in the reform markets. There was also a 3% rate increase for the reform areas effective September 1. We believe that, based on Access is prior history in these areas coupled with our contracting strategies, we will be successful in managing the medical costs at an acceptable level. Additional revenue growth contributors were the commencement of our Arizona acute care contract in October 2008 and the consolidation of Access Health Solutions beginning January 1, 2009. For our Georgia health plan, the same as last year, we did not record any revenues in the third quarter related to a July 1 rated adjustment. The state has modified its reimbursement methodology and rate structure beginning July 1, 2009 to pay a separate payment for certain higher cost birth events of approximately $82,000 each. We believe this change will help better match revenue with the costs in this area. The state has now finalized the rates and we expect to receive in the fourth quarter, an additional $3 million of revenue related to rate changes for the period from July 1, 2009 to September 30, 2009. Premium taxes increased in the 2009 third quarter to $50.9 million from $22.9 million in the 2008 third quarter. Approximately $22 million of the increase in premium taxes relates to a pass through hospital assessment in Wisconsin.  This assessment is, in turn paid by us to hospitals in the state. As we noted on last quarters earnings call, we expect that Wisconsin hospital assessment will continue at a normalized rate similar to what we experienced this quarter. Our consolidated health benefits ratio or HBR was 83.7% for the third quarter this year. This compares to 82.2% for the third quarter of last year and 83.1% in the second quarter of this year. Weve provided a table in our press release to help better understand these changes. The increase in the third quarter of 2009 over the comparable period in 2008 was the result of an expected rate decreased effective March 1, 2009 in our CHIP Perinate product in Texas, which has now increase to health benefits ratio to be more inline with our normal range for that product and also the impact of additional costs related to flu. Weve also experienced improvement in the performance of our ABD product, particularly in Ohio, which is mostly been offset by the effective changes in performance in other markets. Sequentially, our consolidated HBR increased from 83.1% in the 2009 second quarter to 83.7%. The higher HBR is a result of additional costs related to flu and the growth in new markets where we record a higher HBR at the beginning of our operations. As we look at our medical costs in more detail, there are a couple of key things to mention. In the second quarter, we indicated we had experienced an increase in outpatient costs offset by lower inpatient and pharmacy costs. That trend has continued in the third quarter. With flu costs continuing to increase this quarter as one would expect. We have been tracking the additional costs related to flu and we estimate we incurred $5.9 million in flu costs this quarter compared to $2.5 million in the second quarter. These costs include pharmacy costs related to influenza agents and outpatient costs for flu tests and office visits. To put these costs into perspective, we spent $980,000 for influenza agents in the third quarter of this year. We have seen the scripts filled for influenza agents spike from state-to-state overtime with Georgia peaking in early September and Indiana more recently. With respect to emergency room costs, we have seen modest increases in utilization, but we have not experienced significant increases in the cost per claim. As Michael said, about two thirds of our ER volume is contracted using a two tier rate structure, non-urgent and urgent which gives more cost protection than a five levels structure. Turning to our general and administrative expenses, the G&A ratio for the third quarter of 2009 was 13.2% compared to 13.9% in the second quarter of 2009 and 14.2% in the third quarter of 2008. The reduction in the G&A ratio reflects improved leveraging of our costs over a higher revenue based and the impact of revenue from new business in Arizona, Florida and South Carolina. Our third-quarter investment in other income of $3.8 million increased $1.1 million year-over-year. Investment in other income in the third quarter of 2008 included a $4.5 million charge for the reserve primary fund loss. Excluding this loss, investment in other income for the third quarter of 2009 declined $3 million year-over-year. This decline was due to an overall decline in interest rates, as well as the change in classification of Access Health Solutions earnings, which was included in other income under the equity method of accounting in 2008 and is now presented on a consolidated basis in 2009. Our effective tax rate for the third quarter of 2009 was 33% compared to 40.2% in the comparable period in 2008. However, excluding the effect of the non-controlling interest, which is taxed at the member or partner level, our effective tax rate, would be 35.3% for the third quarter of 2009, consistent with our expectations. The decrease was primarily due to lower state taxes and the fact that we wrote-off certain state net operating loss carry forwards in the third quarter of 2008. Earnings per diluted share from continuing operations were $0.51 for the 2009 third quarter compared to $0.41 in the 2008 third quarter or $0.47 before the reserve primary fund write-off. Balance sheet highlights at September 30, 2009 include cash, cash equivalents and short term investments of $434.8 million and long term investments of $504.2 million. At September 30, 2009, the carrying amount of our investment in the reserve primary fund was $4.0 million based on the most recent estimates; we may receive distributions up to $3.2 million above our carrying amount upon liquidation of the fund. At September 30, 2009, cash and investments held by our unregulated subsidiaries totaled $27.6 million and our regulated subsidiaries held cash and investments of $911.4 million. Additionally, we held regulated cash and investments of $26.8 million from discontinued operations. At September 30, 2009 our regulated subsidiaries, including New Jersey had aggregate statutory capital and surplus of $451.6 million compared with the minimum required aggregate statutory capital and surplus requirement of $283 million. We estimate our risk based capital percentage to be 363% of the authorized control level. Our total debt was $277.3 million and the debt to total capitalization was 31.9%.Our medical claims liabilities totaled $411 million at September 30, representing 47.1 days in claims payable. This is a decrease of 0.4 days from 47.5 days at June 30. The sequential decrease was driven by payment of annual provider bonuses, partially offset by the expansion in Florida. We expect the days in claims payable to continue to fluctuate within our previously discussed range of 45 days to 50 days. Third quarter cash flows generated from operating activities were $114.9 million approximately 4.8 times net earnings from continuing operations. The large increase in net cash provided by operating activities this quarter reflects $38 million from the collection of four payments from Wisconsin in the quarter and the increase in Ohios October capitation payment received in September, along with other working capital changes. During the second quarter call, we discussed the formation of a joint venture that is developing a real estate project, which will include our new headquarters. This project is consolidated in our financial statements and is progressing as planned. We expect to see increases in our debt balances related to this in the fourth quarter of 2009.With respect to guidance, we are increasing our estimates for 2009. We expect premium and service revenue in the range of $3.85 billion to $3.9 billion and earnings per diluted share of $1.91 to $1.97. Our guidance has been prepared to include additional cost for flu that we are experiencing at this time, but does not include widespread, pandemic level costs if such costs were to occur. As Michael indicated, we have not increased our guidance number for Q4 for the Georgia rate increase applicable to Q3, but we are considering this as an additional offset for flu costs in Q4. At this time, we plan to give our 2010 guidance the week of December 14. However, this could change depending on the status of healthcare reform in Washington DC and an evaluation of the impact of any such changes on 2010. With that, we can open up the call to questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Daryn Miller - Goldman Sachs.
Daryn Miller - Goldman Sachs:  Can you give us a sense for how much flu related costs are included in your guidance that you think you might see in the fourth quarter?
Bill Scheffel: We put in there more than we put in the third quarter based on what we were seeing. Weve got the drug information for most of the month of October at this point for example, but I dont think we want to put a specific number in there.
Daryn Miller - Goldman Sachs: Third quarter was 5.9?
Bill Scheffel: Yes.
Michael Neidorff: I think whats important within that forecast, said we recognized it as a major flu incidence of increasing flu and we recognize that in what we see going forward, but we also have offsets one of which Bill commented was that Georgia rate increase that we are not recognizing in the guidance. So what weve done is weve said lets take an acceptable level of increases expecting it to be significantly greater than Q3, but we cannot sit here and say there is clear evidence of a widespread pandemic. Well also see that the flu incidences more and more are being treated by physicians by telling people to stay home and do certain things and it tends to be a milder version of the flu. I will also add one more thing. I had a board dinner last night and we have a couple of board members, as you know that know a lot about this and we were talking about that there were 1000 deaths so far from this flu and I was reminded that in the United States in the average flu season, there are 36,000 deaths. So while the paper is playing up to 1000 as a tragedy, we have to keep things in perspective as we look at this. We believe we are managing the business. Mary Mason has a Fluvention program in place and it has been there for sometime. So these are things we are proactively doing that end allow us, we believe to give you a reasonable sense of how we see the quarter, versus I dont know where it is in a doom-and-gloom version, because we think that it could be a little bit less.
Daryn Miller - Goldman Sachs: Can you remind us what your long term target growth rates are both revenue and earnings and then just in addition to that when we look at the current dialogue around healthcare reform, expectations for Medicaid expansion and what that could potentially do to your long term growth rates?
Michael Neidorff: Bill, do we want to talk about the growth
Bill Scheffel: I think as weve said and particularly in the investor day when we made presentations, 15% revenue growth and 15% or better bottom line growth.
Michael Neidorff: I think said 15% to 20% we said in the bottom line and relative to where I think we see an incredibly long runway. I have jokingly said to investors that it is long enough for the space shuttle to touch and go and its just an incredible number of opportunities and calls we are getting. Theres a certain amount of element where the states want to wait and see what reform ultimately looks like, but a lot are in the planning stages with us. So, we see a lot of upside there and I cant be more specific for obvious reasons.
Daryn Miller - Goldman Sachs: Any comment on upside on ABD programs?
Michael Neidorff: Sure, thats all part of it. I mean theres states talking to us about ABD. I think theyre recognizing the success we are having, our ability to manage that population. Now, you look across our whole book of business, when you get the regulatory financial state statutory filings Im trying to say, youll see them and it is called managing the business.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian White - Collins Stewart.
Brian White - Collins Stewart: Could you talk a little bit about the unique Foster Care contract, has that led to discussions as far as any other states recently?
Michael Neidorff: We have multiple states that have approached us at various meetings and discussions with them, some of which are current states, some of which are new states that are very interested in talking about Howard works and the unique capabilities we have and I am saying unique in that were able to say yes, we have done it; here is the result. So its not I can do it. This is very much here is what we have done, and talk to Texas about their level of satisfaction. In fact I think, in some cases, let see the state regulators have told other regulators that they ought to take a look at it at their state meetings.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Rex - JP Morgan.
John Rex - JP Morgan: First, as you evaluate things like the current senate finance what was in the senate finance proposal for Medicaid expansion going to 133% FPL and you look at your kind of existing footprint, how do you size kind of the member opportunity on that, if indeed that occurred, kind of assuming consistent share and such?
Michael Neidorff: You can look at your current footprint and sure there is a material increase. There are some states that are already there, so it doesnt have a whole lot of impact, but I think the impact that we see is more states looking at the connector or exchange model as it relates to that and so what they see them doing by going to the funding to the 133 level is the opportunity to then talk about what do we do up to 300 as Massachusetts is doing, to cover the uninsured and how to do it, so it has multiple impacts.
John Rex - JP Morgan: Have you sized though like a specific membership number in terms of if it were put into effect as it is so maybe in just the exchange probably a little harder to size in terms of how that would play out?
Michael Neidorff: I have not put out a number that we are prepared to talk to, but well probably when we do our ten calls, can give you a little more insight because it will be clearer what they are going to do.
John Rex - JP Morgan: Then speaking of that, your ten call, I understand you are not giving guidance until mid-December, but just discuss for us what would be the reasons that in 2010, potentially that you wouldnt achieve your long term targets? If your long term target is 15% to 20%, tell us maybe kind of the headwinds you would expect in terms of why you wouldnt achieve that kind of earnings growth rate next year?
Michael Neidorff: I think one of the things we have to talk about is what is the impact of flu in Q1, theres the Type A flu and in Q1 we are looking at and putting in our plans now as to what should we be doing to get ready for that. Not allow people to get so focused on H1N1 which is real, present an issue in Q3 and Q4, but I think Mary will tell you that theres a lot of school of thought that we should be concerned about how we are going to deal with that so I think that would be an issue. So what the states do with reform is going to have a major impact on what states do. So, there is some state Jesse, you wanted to add to that?
Jesse Hunter: Yes, one thing in particular, in the face of federal healthcare reform, to the extent that there are federal policies and legislation that is put in place, states may take more, as Michael referenced to wait and see attitude. So there may be things that outside of federal reform that would be in the pipeline that maybe deferred or delayed on some level, pending the implementation of federal reform.
Michael Neidorff: It depends how they fund it, too. Theres a big issue there how much are they going to fund at what level, and when are they going to fund it? Those kinds of issues could impact it.
John Rex - JP Morgan: I guess assuming, though that none other reform initiatives really take place in 2010 are effective in 2010, and absent flu then is there a reason you wouldnt be your 15 to 20?
Michael Neidorff: Obviously, we said we expect to be at 15 to 20 and we move those major issues and we expect to be at 15% to 20% or else wed have changed it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tom Carroll - Stifel Nicolaus.
Tom Carroll - Stifel Nicolaus: A question on Access Health in Florida given that youve managed I think you said 60% of the book, is it fair to assume that the medical claims on that 62,100 people are relatively mature?
Bill Scheffel: I think that weve had a very successful PSN program in Florida with Access Health they have had for a number of years in I think five counties, all of the counties in the reform. So, we have a very broad experience with this and the PSN model in effect rewards medical savings and if youre doing the right things in medical management, it rewards it and thats worked out well for Access. So, from our standpoint, we do have a good running start in terms of being able to medically manage these members in a tradition that Centene would be used to.
Tom Carroll - Stifel Nicolaus: I guess what Im getting at is medical expenses. Were medical expenses appropriately matched to that revenue that came in the third quarter because that block of business which to risk? Did you accrue it at 90%?
Michael Neidorff: It was considered a new block of business that we recorded at 90%, yes.
Tom Carroll - Stifel Nicolaus: Then a follow up on the flu it is fair to say that you are seeing perhaps more flu, but lower severity?
Michael Neidorff: So far, in many ways, yes let me ask Mary Mason.
Mary Mason: Yes, we are actually seeing what we would expect. We are seeing some pregnant women being admitted, as what we would expect. About half are children and then the other or adults. So, its in some are healthy; some have come or be conditions, but its exactly what we would expect are managing it.
Tom Carroll - Stifel Nicolaus: Bill, you had a comment about that Georgia retroactivity is hitting in fourth quarter. Then you matched that to a comment about increased flu on the fourth quarter. So, if I just kind of look at you guidance and look at the fourth quarter number, you are basically guiding to like to a $0.55 number on Q4. Is that $0.55 number inclusive of both extra revenue from Georgia plus higher costs from flu or are we going to kind of breakout two pieces next quarter?
Bill Scheffel: I believe that just looking at our annual guidance and subtracting out the first three quarters, youd be seeing at $0.50 to $0.56 Q4 and so whatever point within that range. I think what we are seeing is we earned $0.53 last year in Q4, so we are seeing we have not up to our guidance for this years Q4 for an additional $3 million, which would be about $0.04. Weve basically held that back to offset the potential of additional flu costs along with other increases weve estimated for flu.
Michael Neidorff:  We had booked within the guidance, thats kind of
Bill Scheffel: What we would be considering, right.
Michael Neidorff: Yes, we have booked additional expectations on flu, but we also wanted you to know that we have this Georgia retroactivity sitting there, that if the flu turns out to be less than that, it will affect where in the range we fall. Its just an additional conservative offset we are holding.
Operator: Your next question comes from Greg Nersessian - Credit Suisse.
Greg Nersessian  Credit Suisse: Bill, you guys provide these claims inventory data on page eight of your press release. I guess, in each of the last four quarters, your average claims inventory has declined sequentially, but the period end inventory has been going up. So, Im just wondering why you are consistently seeing a build up of claims right at the end of the quarter.
Bill Scheffel: I think one of the reasons we had Florida at the end of this quarter for example, which helped increase the period end inventory and I think some of the average is just we have been trying to process some of the high dollar claims quicker and get those through to reduce interest and that has some of the impacts on the averages. I wouldnt read too much into the individual numbers, because it fluctuates from month-to-month and I think maybe 10% of our reserves are rarely represented by claims in house, not processed yet.
Greg Nersessian  Credit Suisse: Okay, but it just seems like a strange pattern that, right at the end of the quarter, it seems to be going up?
Bill Scheffel: I think this quarters particularly was just Florida. I mean it all of those members September 1.
Greg Nersessian  Credit Suisse: Then the fee based revenue came in a little bit higher than weve seen recently and we were expecting in this quarter. I guess what was driving that? Is that the new, should we consider that a new run rate, kind of $27 million going forward or any sense of how to model that?
Michael Neidorff: With the consolidation of Access now, theyve got additional service revenue in their numbers, which is whats driving most of those changes. We are consolidating Access. Since they are doing a non-risk basis, their revenue shows up as service revenue. So the answer is it should decline overtime because those members are transitioning to Sunshine State Health Plan, so youll see that sort of peak and then decline.
Greg Nersessian  Credit Suisse: So we should think about 4Q being closer to kind of the first half run rate or even below that?
Bill Scheffel: Maybe even a little bit below that, given that we moved so many members over on September 1.
Greg Nersessian  Credit Suisse: Then tax rate you should expect that to go back to normal 35ish range in the fourth quarter?
Bill Scheffel: Well, I think it is that the normal 35.3 range in the third quarter. I think that you have to look at the issue with respect to what I call minority interest or non-controlling interest. We dont pay taxes on an LLC or an LLP. So, particularly if you look in our 10-Q, I think we spelled this out a little more in the discussion of the tax rate, but you should add back the non-controlling interest where we provide no taxes for it on the face of the income statement and then consider what the tax rate is before consideration of that. So, we are really looking at the net earnings attributable to Centene and what the taxes are related to that. So, it is more of a mathematical issue, I think, the people trying to do the taxes divided by earnings including the non-controlling interest portion and that number gives you a lower number the 33% number, but when you really factor out the fact thats partnership type income, that the true numbers, what I would say is 35.3 and weve been talking about 36.0 or something as our true effective tax rate for the year, plus or minus.
Operator: Your next question comes from Josh Raskin - Barclays Capital.
Josh Raskin - Barclays Capital: Two questions on sort of growth opportunities I guess the first is Amerigroup it sounds like they are going to be leaving the Ohio ABD. Im curious about the timing and the opportunity, as you are one of the two plans there for I guess the 8000 lives up progress and then the second question and thats on Massachusetts how does that membership come in is that sort of ratably renewed throughout the year or are there bigger periods of enrollment at certain times during the year?
Michael Neidorff: I will answer the Ohio. Obviously, with them pulling out and I think theres two plans left the state will work through some algorithms to assign them and whether we get 3000, 5000 depending on what people select and what is left for auto assign, we will get our share. I have not given a lot of thought to it. Whatever we get, we will just continue to manage as we always have. 
Bill Scheffel: I think thats a first quarter 2010 issue.
Michael Neidorff: Jesse, do you want to talk about how Massachusetts roll in it?
Jesse Hunter:  So I will break it out. Michael mentioned in his initial comments the three various products within Massachusetts the Commonwealth Care Program, the Commonwealth Bridge Program and the Commonwealth Choice Program. The Commonwealth Care and Commonwealth Choice programs, both of those do have an open enrollment period at the beginning of the fiscal year for those programs. So there is probably a little more waiting on the front end of those open enrollment periods, but people can come on both through those are eligible can come on both through Choice and under normal circumstances in the Commonwealth Care Program could come on through auto assignment, but as we talked about, that has been temporarily suspended for the Commonwealth Care Program. On the Commonwealth Bridge Program for the legal immigrants, that it was a unique population where we were selected to serve the totality of those members statewide for a limited period of time. So, those are rolled beginning in September or beginning of October, over the course of the end of 2009. So that contract, as it is structured, is only in place through June 30, 10. So, that is a separate contract.
Josh Raskin - Barclays Capital: Then Im sorry, just a quick follow-up on the ABD theres no selection process for the members that they are all going to be auto assigned, is that right?
Michael Neidorff: No, these are members will they usually get a choice period.
Josh Raskin - Barclays Capital: You dont think any revenues until 1/1/10?
Bill Scheffel: For that additional region in Ohio.
Michael Neidorff: Probably maybe 1/1 or 2/1. Its 2/1?
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank.
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank: The first question is just on the ABD loss ratio, which obviously bounces around a lot each quarter. Just if you can update us on what you think a good, normalized long term loss ratio range is for the ABD.
Michael Neidorff: I think it is in the 84% to 86% range maybe a little higher. It could go up to 87%.
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank :  Just on this market share tax that they are talking about in Washington, obviously I know its early here, but have you guys gotten any sense or any feedback on just how they are thinking about structuring this for Medicaid MCOs do you think this would be straight across premiums looking at all the different product segments or has there been any feedback that they might discount it for the Medicaid MCOs or use any different type of formula?
Michael Neidorff: I really dont have a sense for where they are going to end up on it, if they do it. Some of these things, every time they float an idea, we hear something, but weve not spent a lot of timeline, because what they talk about now, where they end up, can be so different that we are spending our time thinking about the Q1 flu issues and how we are going to manage those.
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank : Then just one last question, just on the cost of services ratio and it looks like back dropped down to 58%, which sounds like it is just a function of getting that Access Health revenue. So, would you expect that normalizes as well to sort of the run rate youve seen in prior quarters as the Access revenues come in, as you convert those members?
Bill Scheffel:  Yes, we think that ratio will be closer to 78% to 80% without Access included and we expect that to come down quite a bit over the next several quarters.
Operator: Your next question comes from Carl McDonald - Oppenheimer.
Carl McDonald - Oppenheimer: Just to be interest in the latest understanding of where things are within Mississippi RFP and then separately if theres any early indication about how Wisconsin is thinking about structuring their RFP for the area.
Jesse Hunter: Sure. So on the Mississippi RFP; we have submitted those there have been a couple of updates. I think the state has requested amendments to the RFP, etc., so the ball is in their court I guess is what I would say. Everything that we have that all of the bidders have been requested has been provided to the states, so they have that information. We and Im sure others are awaiting the response on that. On Wisconsin, Im not sure what the specific question is in terms of the structure. I dont know we want more add some clarity in terms of where thats going. I dont know we have any new information with respect to structure on that.
Michael Neidorff: The RFP is not out yet.
Carl McDonald - Oppenheimer: In Mississippi, is there a specific date that the states targeting for an award or is it still open ended?
Jesse Hunter: I think it is open ended at this point.
Operator: Your final question comes from Matt Perry - Wells Fargo.
Matt Perry - Wells Fargo: Michael, you mentioned that potential $6.7 billion industry fee and I just want to relevant to that a little more deeply. I know you and members of your team have a lot of interaction with governors and state legislators and people in the various like Medicaid offices are those people aware of this fee? I mean, is it on their radar screen, because if it isnt, that would be something that maybe concerns me?
Michael Neidorff: I think they are aware of it and we dont support it. Were working through the industry and when we get questions about it we dont support it. I think everybody is aware of it, but they raise the actuarial soundness issue and the impact and what it does to it. So, its an idea out there right now, Matt and so it comes and goes. It is kind of like a tide, the ebb and flow Right now, Im not sure that anybody is aggressively talking about it, but we are not sure it may not affect Medicaid some talk that the Medicaid plans will be exempted from it. So its the kind of thing, until you have somebody really firmly saying and here is what were going to do, it is hard to have any specific opinion except to say we dont support that kind of tax.
Matt Perry - Wells Fargo: Maybe this is just asking too much of a what if question, but do you think its the type of thing that, if it was put into law, the states could use the premium tax mechanism that they use to draw down federal funds to help the managed care companies offset it?
Michael Neidorff: I think the states would look at what they can do to maximize their revenue from the Federal Government and minimize any actuarial soundness issues. So, they will look at every alternative and we will support them in it.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) There are no further questions at this time.
Michael Neidorff: Well, we thank everyone for calling in and well talk to you at the end of the year. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Ed Kroll  SVP, Finance and IR Michael Neidorff  Chairman, President and CEO Bill Scheffel  EVP, CFO and Treasurer Mark Eggert  EVP, Health Plans Jesse Hunter  EVP, Corporate Development
Analysts: Daryn Miller  Goldman Sachs Greg Genova [ph] -- Deutsche Bank Tom Carroll  Stifel Greg Nersessian  Credit Suisse Nakomie Smith [ph]  Wells Fargo Joshua Raskin  Barclays Capital
Operator: Good morning. My name is Michelle, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Centene Corporation Second Quarter Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions). I will now turn the call over to Mr. Kroll, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Finance. Mr. Kroll, you may begin your conference.
Ed Kroll: Thank you, Michelle, and good morning everyone. I am Ed Kroll, Senior Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations at Centene Corporation. Thank you for joining our second quarter earnings call this morning. Michael Neidorff, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Bill Scheffel, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Centene will host this mornings call. The call is expected to last approximately 45 minutes and may also be accessed through our website at centene.com. A replay will be available shortly after the calls completion, also at centene.com or by dialing 800-642-1687 in the US and Canada or overseas at 706-645-9291. The access code for both of those is 15407585. Any remarks that Centene may make about future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for the purposes of the Safe Harbor Provision under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in Centenes Form 10-Q dated today, July 28, 2009, and other public SEC filings. Centene anticipates that subsequent events and developments will cause its estimates to change. While the company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. And with that, I would like to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Michael Neidorff.
Michael Neidorff: Thank you, Ed. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining Centene's second quarter earnings call. I will briefly review some of the highlights of the quarter and then turn the call over to Bill Scheffel who will walk you through the financial details. But first, I would like to take a moment to briefly discuss Centene's view of the ongoing federal health-care reform process in Washington DC. We continue to believe that budget realities will ultimately limit reform driven changes to those that are affordable. One cannot help but notice the influence of the conservative Democrats in the house and the moderate Democrats in the Senate to slow down the process and act responsibly in a financially disciplined and policy centric manner. Recent public opinion polls show increasingly that Americans are wary of too much government intrusion in healthcare and of the higher taxes that would be necessary to fund it. The focus must be access to affordable care for all. Centene is an agile organization and we believe that we are well positioned as any managed-care organization to work effectively in a post reform environment, given our focus on helping underserved, vulnerable populations gain better access and cost efficient health care through our wide array of products due to our unique multiline strategy. Our new contract in Massachusetts offers evidence of our ability to meet needs of different markets and customers in a dynamic fashion. We are well versed at operating as a government contractor and while there are no guarantees, it is difficult to imagine a type of health reform under which our skills, flexibility and focus will not be valued. Importantly, if there is no mini reform enacted, under our current strategic plan, we see a very long runway ahead of us to reach our growth targets and deliver better outcome at lower cost to our state customers. As capital markets remain volatile, we continue to stress the importance of being prudent balance sheet manages with a focus on liquidity and capital adequacy. Strategically, we will continue to build our multiline strategy, coordinating efforts between our health plans and specialty companies to drive product innovation, continue to become a low cost producer, enhance are members' health outcomes, and win new business. We have significant new market opportunities. However, it is essential that we continue to maintain an abundance of conservatism and remain selective in our pursuit of these new opportunities. Now back to the second quarter results. The quarter's performance demonstrates that the actions we began taking last year in an effort to produce more predictable earnings and achieve financial targets are working. We had solid revenue growth in the quarter at 16.1% year over year and our risk membership grew in all states. We added almost 42,000 risk lives in quarter two across all markets and have started to see a modest lift from high unemployment and expanded CHIP eligibility. We continue to expect average rate increases for this year in the low single digits and believe that increased FMAP funds should maintain rate stability in 2010. We understand the strain this economic environment places on our state partners and we're committed to working with them to maintain access to quality care in the most cost effective manner. Our consolidated HBR improved 40 basis points sequentially to 83.1%, which is consistent with our usual seasonal pattern, and essentially at the midpoint of our long-term expected range of 82% to 84%. We did see an increase in outpatient service utilization for flu testing in the quarter due to swine flu concerns. This was decidedly driven by our concern and not actual cases as nervous citizens reacting to media coverage visited their doctors. Lower inpatient and pharmacy costs as well as ongoing medical management efforts offset these moderately higher outpatient costs. We will be vigilant and proactive on the H1N1 front as CDC warns of a possible recurrence later this year. Centene has a detailed response plan in place that was developed in 2006 during the bird flu pandemic to manage major disease outbreaks, which allows us to be proactive rather in our actions. We communicate and coordinate with providers, state and local agencies, and our members, as we continuously monitor the disease incidence in our markets. A swine flu vaccine is likely to be available in time for possible reoccurrence and if so we will put all our efforts in to get our members vaccinated. Turning to our general administrative expenses, the G&A ratio for the quarter was 13.9%, a year-over-year increase of 40 basis points and a 30 basis point sequential increase. We maintain our focus on achieving G&A leverage but the increase this quarter was due to the Massachusetts ramp up costs, the consolidation of Access for the full quarter and Celti acquisition, which only affected the year-over-year comparison. Now I would like to highlight our newer growth drivers. In February 2007, we began converting managed-care membership in Florida from Access Health Solutions to our new subsidiary Sunshine Health Plan on an at risk basis. We began operations in South Carolina in 2207 where we first employed the strategy of converting lives to full risk. The conversion process continues to grow well in both of these markets, but as we noted on our Q1 call, as expected, we experienced some member attrition in Q2 in both markets due to occurrence of a choice period for members. Also as indicated on our Q1 call, we expect growth ramps in both states to resume later in the second half of 2009 as additional counties convert to risk. We are pleased to announce that are CeltiCare Health Plan subsidiary had a successful launch and began serving low income Massachusetts residents enrolled in the Commonwealth Care Program July 1. Prior to go live, Caritas Christi elected to withdraw from the CeltiCare joint venture. Despite Caritas departure as an equity holder, they will remain an important healthcare provider in CeltiCare's network and a key stakeholder in Commonwealth Care. Like most others states, Massachusetts is facing tremendous budgetary pressures as a result of escalated healthcare costs and broader economic conditions. As a result, the state recently announced to the healthcare reform program that it will initially slow the membership ramp for CeltiCare. As a result, we expect minimal enrollment in Massachusetts for the remainder of 2009. CeltiCare was also awarded the Connector Seal of Approval for the Commonwealth Choice program. Commonwealth Choice targets individuals, families and small groups who don't qualify for public health programs such as Medicaid, Medicare or Commonwealth Care. This product line is consistent with Centene's strategy to offer innovative, affordable coverage solutions, that will increase the continuity of coverage for all Americans as their income fluctuates over time. CeltiCare is now participating in two of the three health coverage programs in Massachusetts. We continue to believe that our experience in Massachusetts will provide us with a competitive advantage. In Texas, we recently were notified that we would be retained as a vendor for the rural CHIP program in that state. The new contract is still subject to negotiations with the state but will be or should be effective September 1, 2010. Until that time, we will maintain our status as sole vendor to Texas under our current rural CHIP contract. As a reminder, we will not comment on our New Jersey transaction with Amerigroup as it is our long-standing policy to not comment on active litigation. We appreciate your support and interest in our company. And with that I will turn it over to Bill for the financial details.
Bill Scheffel: Thank you, Michael, and good morning. As I begin I would like to remind everyone that the financial results discussed will be in the context of continuing operations and therefore exclude our New Jersey health plan and also include the consolidation of the operations of Access Health Solutions of Florida beginning January 1, 2009. Prior to January 1, Access was presented under the equity method of accounting and earnings were included in other income. I would like to point out at the beginning of this quarter we have presented a subtotal for premium and service revenue in our income statement to better enable the readers to understand our revenues before the impact of premium taxes. Premium taxes are an item we don't control and can vary from state to state as I will discuss later. We believe calculating the health benefits ratio based on premium revenue and the G&A ratio based on premium and service revenues is a more conservative and representative presentation of these ratios. For the quarter ended June 30, 2009, premium and service revenue grew to 931.3 million which is an increase of 16.1% over the second quarter of 2008. Earnings per diluted share from continuing operations were $0.47 for the second quarter of 2009 compared to $0.40 in the second quarter of 2008. This represents a 17.5% increase year over year. The revenue increase was driven by significant membership growth in each of our states, the acquisition of certain assets of Amerigroup's healthcare line on March 1, 2009, the initial conversion of Florida Access Health Solution's members to the full risk Sunshine State Health Plan model beginning on February 1, 2009, the commencement of the Arizona acute care contract in Yavapai County on October 1, 2008, the July 1, 2008 acquisition of Celtic, the health insurance carrier focused on individual health insurance market, and premium rate increases which have been in the low single digit range. As you may know, premium taxes increased significantly in the second quarter from 21.5 million in 2008 to 108.2 million this year. 84.7 million of this increase represents a pass-through hospital assessment in Wisconsin which we recorded in the second quarter. This assessment is in turn paid by us to hospitals in the state. The second quarter amount represents the total amount related to the state's fiscal year ended June 30, 2009. We expect that the hospital assessment will continue in the future at a more normalized quarterly rate of approximately one fourth of this quarter's amount. Our consolidated health benefits ratio or HBR was 83.1% for the second quarter this year. This compares to 83.0% for the second quarter last year and an 83.5% in the first quarter of this year. The 40 basis sequential decline was the result of normal seasonality. Although we did see increased outpatient expense attributable to swine flu concerns in the second quarter, it was offset by lower inpatient and pharmacy costs. As indicated in the health benefits ratio table provided in our earnings release, the Medicaid and CHIP health benefit ratio increased from 81.6% last year to 83.7% this year. The increase between years is primarily due to a decrease in premium taxes in our Texas CHIP product. While the premium declined, our margin was not significantly impacted after consideration of the premium returned to the state of Texas through their experience rebate calculation. The ABD and Medicare health benefits ratio declined between years from 88.5% to 82.6% which reflects improvements we have made in Ohio such as exiting the Northwest ABD market and growth in other states particularly South Carolina. Turning to our general and administrative expenses, the G&A ratio for the second quarter of 2009 was 13.9% compared to 13.5% in the first quarter of 2009 and 13.6% in the second quarter of 2008. The 40 basis point increase from the first quarter is a result of the previously discussed start up cost associated with the CeltiCare Health Plan in Massachusetts and transition costs incurred in Florida related to the upcoming conversion of members. The 30 basis points year over year increase reflects the acquisition of Celtic, the consolidation of Access Health Solutions, and start up costs associated with the CeltiCare Health Plan. Our second quarter investment in other income was 4.4 million, a decrease of 1 million year-over-year. The year-over-year decline in investment income was due to an overall decline in market interest rates as well as the change in classification of Access Health Solutions earnings which was included in other income under the equity method of accounting in 2008 and is now presented on a consolidated basis in 2009. Our 2009 second quarter effective tax rate was 37.2% compared to 38.9% in the 2008 second quarter. The decline is consistent with the discussion during our first-quarter earnings call where we indicated we expected a lower effective tax rate for 2009 as a result of lower estate taxes and the effect of consolidating Access Health Solutions. We expect this lower rate to continue in the second half of 2009. Balance sheet highlights at June 30, 2009 includes cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of 445.7 million and long-term investments of 408.9 million. At June 30, 2009, cash and investments held by our unregulated subsidies totaled 27 million, and our regulated subsidiaries held cash and investments of 825.8 million. At June 30, 2009, our subsidiaries including New Jersey had aggregate capital statutory capital and surplus of 431 million compared with the required minimum aggregate statutory capital and surplus requirement of 267.4 million. We estimate our risk-based capital percentage to be 362% of the authorized control level. Our total debt was 288.8 million and debt to total capitalization was 33.0%. Our medical claim liabilities totaled 394.8 million at June 30, 2009, representing 47.5 days in claims payable. This is an increase of 2.2 days from 45.3 days at March 31, 2009. The sequential increase was driven by the timing of checks being processed for mailing as well as an increase in our claims processing inventory. We expect days in claims payable to continue to fluctuate within our previously discussed range of 45 to 50 days. For the quarter, cash flows generated from operating activities were 38.7 million, approximately two times net earnings. During the second quarter of 2009, we executed an agreement as a 50% joint venture partner and a real estate development entity Centene Center LLC for a development project which will include a new headquarters building to accommodate our growth. In accordance with the accounting standards, we will consolidate the financial statements of this entity in our ongoing results. The debt and property balances will continue to increase as the project progresses over the next 12 months. With respect to guidance, we are increasing our estimates for 2009. We expect premium and service revenue in the range of 3.75 billion to the 3.85 billion and earnings per diluted share of $1.88 to $1.96. During the second half of the year, we are scheduled for rate increases in several states including Georgia and Texas. While these adjustments are not yet finalized, we anticipate increases in the low single digits. These rate increases will have more of a positive impact on the fourth quarter as the rate increases should be in place for the entire fourth quarter while only partially in effect in the third quarter. In addition, as Michael indicated in his comments, during the third quarter, we expect additional conversion of members from Access Health Solutions to Sunshine State Health Plan. We expect the membership conversions to have more of an impact in the fourth quarter as more revenue from additional member months will be in place for the fourth quarter versus the third quarter. And with that, we can open up the call to questions.
Michael Neidorff: Thank you, Bill. Michelle, we are ready for questions.
Operator: Okay. (Operator instructions). Your first question comes from Daryn Miller from Goldman Sachs. Your call is open.
Daryn Miller  Goldman Sachs: Hi, good morning.
Michael Neidorff: Good morning.
Daryn Miller  Goldman Sachs: Hi. Quick questions. I'm sorry if I missed it, did you guys make any comment on the duration effect some competitors are seeing, higher utilization, new lives coming into the Medicaid program?
Michael Neidorff: We took a look at it and while there is some, a few basis points here and there in some markets, there's nothing meaningful there and we just  we have not seen it to that extent. Now I bifurcate that and distinguish it where we have a brand new market we enter of course, there you have the case of new members having not had any healthcare, a lot of pent up demand there. And that is why we book at 90% and will roll it through anywhere from two to three, four quarters. But in the existing market, the additions we have seen, we have taken a look at it, and we're not seeing it to any meaningful effect.
Daryn Miller  Goldman Sachs: That is great. Again sorry if I missed this, did you guys comment on Georgia rates?
Michael Neidorff: We did not. We are still in negotiations with it. We believe that the state is working hard to try and resolve it earlier all the time but I'm not prepared to say if it is going to fall this quarter or next quarter, but we should see it before the end of the year.
Daryn Miller  Goldman Sachs: Okay. Would you expect that to be retro July 1?
Michael Neidorff: Yes, it will be retro to July 1.
Daryn Miller  Goldman Sachs: Great. Thank you very much guys.
Michael Neidorff: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Greg Genova [ph] from Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Greg Genova  Deutsche Bank: Hi. Good morning.
Michael Neidorff: Good morning.
Greg Genova  Deutsche Bank: Can you talk about Wisconsin? I know the state has talked about making some changes there, including changing, putting the program out to bid next year, can you talk about what is going on there, what you guys are expecting?
Michael Neidorff: We have been in discussions with them. The industry has been in discussions with them. Nothing has been stated in terms of what they actually will do. The last talks were a RFP to be effective for July 10 which expired. I mean a lot of the states we have procurement where we do RFPs on an ongoing basis. So that is where it is now. Mark, would like to add more to it? Mark Eggert, who head up health plans.
Mark Eggert: The only thing I would add is the informal discussions we have had have centered on southeast portion of the state so discussions are really procurement only for the counties in the Southeast.
Greg Genova  Deutsche Bank: Okay. And is that a decent part of your membership there or not really?
Mark Eggert: It is probably somewhere just under 50% of our total membership.
Greg Genova  Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then can you talk about the new revenue guidance and what the behind that if there are certain markets maybe Texas that was strong or the reasons for the increase in revenue guidance?
Bill Scheffel: I think if you look at our second quarter actual and you start analyzing it and look at the rate increases, we expect to have in the second half of the year from Georgia and Texas additional membership coming from conversion of members in Florida, all of that is what leads to the numbers that we're currently giving out.
Greg Genova  Deutsche Bank: Okay, great. Last one would be in Com Care, you said I think enrollment is going to pretty much be pretty stagnant for the rest of the year. Do you have maybe an enrollment that you have right now, that is probably just a few thousand lives I guess but maybe just where you guys are right now even though it is obviously very early?
Michael Neidorff: It is very early. It is July 1. In fact as we normally we discuss membership at the end of the quarter  well, Jesse, you want to add something?
Jesse Hunter: Right. So Greg, I think Michael referred to some changes that are happening at the state level with respect to  the biggest one being the temporary suspension of the auto enrollment feature for the Com Care product. So that obviously has an impact on us as a new plan and as a bidder where there was a preference for auto enrollment. So at this point we are well under a thousand lives.
Greg Genova  Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thanks guys.
Michael Neidorff: And I want to come back on the Wisconsin thing. The glass could be half full or half-empty. It also gives us an opportunity to maybe see a narrowing and pickup more membership. So it is a two edged sword, Greg.
Greg Genova  Deutsche Bank: Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tom Carroll from the company of Stifel. Your line is now open.
Tom Carroll  Stifel: Hi good morning. A couple of quick comments here. Are you guys doing anything differently this year in preparation for a potentially higher utilization flu season related to H1N1?
Michael Neidorff: I think we are doing a couple of things. One is we have our programs that we have had in place and we used earlier this year where the plans work with the physicians and a whole series of pandemic things I mentioned we did with the bird flu a couple of years ago. And so we are continuing those programs, we are monitoring it, working with the CDC as everyone does to understand where it is to put in place. We cannot forecast specifically, nobody can, what the total impact is. We will only be ready, have things ready, ensure that the Tamiflu and other things are properly used when needed and ensure that those that need it get it. We have got to work on the vaccination programs and as the government defines how it is done, if it is through government offices, we will make sure people get there. If it is to through other locations, just ensure that our population gets it. The other thing we're doing that is really important is we've had in place policies and practices for our own offices if somebody is exposed to the swine flu. But what would sort of  when somebody reported  has happened in one of our markets, we had the isolation program and just how to handle it so as to minimize disruption to our operations as well .so we are ready to the extent we can. We have  we see normalized flu that comes in place late third quarter, fourth quarter, and some in the first quarter of next year and beyond the normalized type flu which took place below our forecast, but there is not a whole lot more we can do there, considering there needs to be a little bit more testing, and we tried to consider those kinds of things. But based on what we saw this year, it was minimal. We looked at what the impact was in our markets and looking at CDC, there were approximately 12,500 incidents in our specific markets that they have reported confirmed flu. We saw the greatest impact in people who had concerns going for testing that they have thought they might have it. And our calculations looking at the CPT codes and things during that period was about $1.5 million of expenses incurred there for us overall market. And with the majority of that in Texas at the border state where people have the greatest concern. So we have looked at that everyway we can and we're going to continue to do it in that fashion, Tom.
Tom Carroll  Stifel: So it is fair to say that it is perhaps on the radar screen, a bit more intently this year than it has been in prior years? That is fair? Okay.
Michael Neidorff: Absolutely, it is there and what is important to us is we have to continue to estimate what is the impact of the testing. Somebody thinks they have it, so they're going to go get tested. It is probably hundred dollars per test or something of that nature. So you just kind of think that through and try to anticipate a reasonable level but beyond that it is just be ready.
Tom Carroll  Stifel: And just as a clarification on the comment you made about Georgia and Texas, you said there were going to be rate increases, you just didn't know what they where yet, but you are expecting a positive number, is that correct?
Michael Neidorff: We are looking for a modest single-digit rate increases in Texas which is effective September 1 and to have a real impact in Q4, those comments. And Georgia is a July 1 and the one-year of course where we got really  they didn't sign the papers till January, we never forget that one. But we this past year they got it a little earlier, they recognized the impact it had, and so we expect we will see it late Q3, but as we think it through, we see it in Q4 probably.
Tom Carroll  Stifel: But again the states have given you comfort that it will be a positive number as opposed to a slight negative? Okay.
Michael Neidorff: Yes. Mark, you have been in the negotiations.
Mark Eggert: Yes. I mean the discussions we had with Georgia involved increases in the rate, very modest as Michael said, and we're still working through it. We don't have any final numbers.
Tom Carroll  Stifel: Excellent, thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Greg Nersessian from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Greg Nersessian  Credit Suisse: Thank you. Good morning. Just the increase in the premium taxes this quarter, sorry if I missed that, but did you isolate I guess which state that is from or what that relates to?
Michael Neidorff: Wisconsin, Bill, you want to comment, please?
Bill Scheffel: We said Wisconsin instituted a hospital assessment. During the quarter, we recorded a 84.7 million for that, which essentially represented the entire amount for the states fiscal year ended June 30, 2009. We expect this to continue going forward, but we expect it to be on a more normalized quarterly basis where we would get roughly one fourth of that amount each quarter going forward.
Michael Neidorff: Greg, I commented that is why for several years now, as I recall, we have always reported medical loss ratio, G&A, net of those premium taxes, and net of interest income, because some states has varied amounts. And so we want to be able to be as transparent as possible so that you can really see it is no different than ensuring that medical expenses are in appropriated columns, that type.
Greg Nersessian  Credit Suisse: So what would be the like normalized run rate for premium taxes going forward, not just Wisconsin, but the whole consolidated amount?
Michael Neidorff: It will very. It will vary by the states and the products within the state. I mean some states still have  I think there is some sort of (inaudible).
Bill Scheffel: In some states, you have 5% to 6% rates, and some start some stop. But if you look at what we recorded this quarter, I would say three quarters of the $84 million was sort of prior periods, and they paid us in the second quarter, so that would be a more normalized amount.
Michael Neidorff: If I pull that out
Greg Nersessian  Credit Suisse: And a quarter of 84 million to what your previous run rate of premium taxes were added to that?
Bill Scheffel: Or take second quarter's actual and take three quarters of the 84 out.
Greg Nersessian  Credit Suisse: Okay.
Michael Neidorff: So, if you think about it, and you just, if you just remove the premium tax in the calculation which we have you the information to do it, if we grow membership in Wisconsin or Georgia at a faster rate with their higher premium taxes, that is going to affect that count. So if you grow faster in a state that has no premium taxes, it is going to pull down. That is why it is hard to say the normalized amount. That is not something that we are  that we control.
Greg Nersessian  Credit Suisse: I mean I was just trying to ballpark. It doesn't really affect the numbers anyway, I was just trying to ballpark how to model it going forward. Second question, the prior period reserve development in the go forward was significantly higher, looks like about 26 million higher sequentially on a rolling 12 month basis, I guess could you isolate what that relates to, I guess the highest level we have seen in some time?
Bill Scheffel: Right. I think first of all I remind everyone that what that does is we are demonstrating the reserve adequacy as of June 30, 2008, looking at it a year later. So I think that the number has been higher than normal for two reasons. First, that at June 30, 2008, we had reserves initially established related to new products for foster care and South Carolina, and so those were conservatively set and have obviously developed positively since then. And then second, what we have seen is, we received a much higher level of payments from third parties for coordination of benefits. We have been  we have increased our efforts here over the last year to increase the payments that we have received from third party payors and this has resulted in a significantly higher amount of these payments which were not originally anticipated, and so we would expect that going forward that our efforts to collect on third-party payor coordination of benefit amounts will continue and that really is what represents a lot of the increase between what would be a normal amount and what was recorded this quarter.
Greg Nersessian  Credit Suisse: So was it I guess  could you quantify how much of the reserve development you reported this quarter would you characterize as sort of not recurring, as sort of kind of the one-time benefit, either related to those new markets or the coordination of benefits item you know that you wouldn't expect to sort of continue on a normalized basis, on a permanent basis?
Michael Neidorff: I think (inaudible) something here, but if you look at it what we have tried to do using the rolling four quarters, so different  one looks at investments over four quarters, this is as Bill started out, this is a look back at 2008, and it is just a confirmation that reserving has been conservative and that is does impact specifically what we do this quarter. We don't look at that and say what we have  what it can do. We just use the same methodology every quarter on how we reserve and so we will have a look next year in this time that will confirm that what we did in our normal methodology because these are all estimates we do all the time that, yes, we were adequately reserved to that point. Bill, anything you want to add to that?
Bill Scheffel: You know clearly with respect to the coordination of benefits, those efforts are ongoing. I think we have probably benefited higher at this point in time because as we initially started those efforts, say went back and farther back and where we could recover since Medicaid is supposed to be the payor of last resort. And so that amount is probably high than now and will be going forward.
Michael Neidorff: But that has not influenced what we have booked this quarter. we used the same methodology we always use. We had three actuaries look at it. We have our  so it has not changed all the days claims payable, we are up several days. So those are discrete separate calculations. One is just this look back is a confirmation and (inaudible) gee, you know, you are conservative, and you understand why back in that period it was so much higher.
Greg Nersessian  Credit Suisse: I will just make my ultimate question is you went into some new markets last year which you know I think you have appropriately identified, you had to be very conservative, you set your reserves you know in a conservative fashion, and it is turned out that you were right that those reserves were set conservatively even if have got the benefit of you know a look back period. You are now where you can say, we didn't need that level of reserve conservatism, you are making an adjustment in this period. I guess my question is, is that, you're not viewing that as sort of a one-time thing related to those new markets? Do you think that this level of reserve development is sustainable going forward?
Michael Neidorff: I think what we're saying is that we do have a methodology we use every quarter for our reserving. Now a year from now reversing how well we reserved this year and what we look at next quarter would be still a four quarter rolling average as opposed to one snapshot. So it does not impact  we didn't  we don't look at that and determine how we are going to reserve this quarter. we book our reserves for this quarter based on what we see (inaudible) everything for this quarter and our IBNR and then later on subsequent to all that being done, we've run that number, and that is how (inaudible) it is just a reassurance that we were more than conservative or put it in now way  we don't know what it is going to look like for the next three quarters until we run it again next quarter, and that would say, it could continue, we may see it come off, if we had turned out to be a little less conservative. So it is Bill?
Bill Scheffel: We continue to reserve in a conservative manner in new markets as we go into Florida and do these things. That is continuing and so which new market we are in in any one year so changes but the methodology continues to be the same and we would expect that to continue going forward.
Michael Neidorff: We don't look at that at all. You can't look at that and say, gee, you have excess reserves a year ago, so you can take it down now, because we have been reserving every quarter since then. And so if you try to make a judgment of what you did four quarters ago, you would be  you could create real problems for yourself this quarter. So you use the same methodology that is nothing more than a confirmation of a year ago, that the only value it has for us and for all us, it says we did a year ago what we told you we did.
Greg Nersessian  Credit Suisse: Okay, thanks.
Michael Neidorff: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Matt Perry from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Nakomie Smith  Wells Fargo: This is Nakomie Smith [ph] for Matt Perry. All of my questions have been asked. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator instructions). Your next question is from John Ruskin [ph] from Barclays capital. Your line is open.
Joshua Raskin  Barclays Capital: It is Joshua. I apologize if I missed the question but just wanted to hear swine flu any impact that you saw in the second quarter and then any expectations for you know a more than normal or a higher than normal flu season in the fall?
Michael Neidorff: Good morning JOSH. We commented that we had looked and saw 12,500 incidents of flu the CDC reported in our markets. We looked at it and the only thing that we were able to find of any magnitude of normal medical expense was about $1 million of expense that was quoted as testing for the flu. So there was nothing to show in the second quarter. Going forward we commented that we have all our pandemic and epidemic policies practices in place. The medical management people are trained to work with the providers. They know what to expect from us as we identify and we have gone further. We have a program for the company employees that works through do everything we can to protect them, our staff and to ensure continuity of service to providers and members.
Joshua Raskin  Barclays Capital: Got you, okay. And the million and a half quoted as testing, did that come through as provider, as physician claims, or was that
Michael Neidorff: Yes (inaudible).
Joshua Raskin  Barclays Capital: Okay, so you have already
Michael Neidorff: And some lab expense.
Joshua Raskin  Barclays Capital: Got it. So you have already seen the business, so there'll be no sort of additional expense to, even if this was mostly in June, you wouldn't expect more to come through, it sounds like
Michael Neidorff: Well, may be within the normal lags that we build in there, in the reserving that we have done for. What Congress said that there'll be a  that they say there could be a worse flu season this year, maybe going to the second year. Until things these, things mutate (inaudible) real experts on our Board, Tommy Thompson and others have really have dealt with this for a long time, and so we're taking their advice in terms of how to go about it.
Joshua Raskin  Barclays Capital: Perfect, perfect. And then just second question on the M&A environment, you know I think a lot of reform discussion, you have talked about Medicaid expansion. I don't think there's anything certain in reform, but it certainly feels like most of the proposals include some form of growth and opportunity in the Medicaid space. Do you see some of the sort of smaller competitors, the local plans, looking to access sort of your scale, your size in terms of opportunities for the future, you know if you think there will be a active M&A environment I guess over the next couple of years?
Michael Neidorff: I think there is always a chance that we might be a able to consolidate some of them. But right now we have such a runway with opportunities and the knowledge we're gaining in working with the Connector of Massachusetts, really puts us in a strong position to talk to other states about how it works. I think it is a model that makes a lot of sense because of the continuity of care and a continuum as people move to the different products to be able to keep the same network as a real, as a significant opportunity to contain costs, because they're not changing doctors because they are in a different network. So it is  and I think it puts us all in a very strong position, all this puts Centene where we would like to be.
Joshua Raskin  Barclays Capital: Okay, thanks.
Operator: There are no more further questions at this time. You may go ahead youre your closing remarks.
Michael Neidorff: We thank you and we will talk to you at the end of Q3. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael Neidorff - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Eric Slusser - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Jesse Hunter - Executive Vice President, Corporate Development William Scheffel - Executive Vice President, Specialty Business Unit
Analysts: Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital Gregg Genova - Deutsche Bank Greg Nersessian - Credit Suisse Daryn Miller - Goldman Sachs 
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jackie and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the CNC Q1 2009 financial results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) I will now turn the call over to Ed Kroll, Senior Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations for Centene Corporation. You may begin your conference.
Ed Kroll: Thank you and good morning everyone. It is Ed Kroll, Senior Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations at Centene Corporation. Thank you for joining us on todays conference call for our first quarter earnings. Michael Neidorff, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Eric Slusser, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will host this mornings call. The call is expected to last about 45 minutes and may also be accessed through our website at www.centene.com. A replay will be available shortly after the calls completion, also on our website at centene.com or by dialing 800-642-1687 in the US and Canada or 706-645-9291 from all other countries and the access code for those calls is 93132567. Any remarks that Centene may make about future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor Provision under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements, as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in Centenes Form 10-Q dated today, April 28, 2009, and other public SEC filings. Centene anticipates that subsequent events and developments will cause its estimates to change. While the Company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. With that, I would like to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Michael Neidorff.
Michael Neidorff: Thank you, Ed. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining Centenes first quarter earnings call. I will briefly review some of the highlights of the first quarter and then turn the call over to Eric, who will walk you through the financial results in greater detail. Before I discuss another solid quarter for Centene, I would like to take a moment to briefly comment on three important and timely topics. One, our first swine flu and its possible impact. Secondly, Centenes position as a Medicaid Managed Care organization in the current economic environment, and thirdly, the impact on our business from possible federal healthcare reform. While the recently ended regular flu season was significantly lighter than last year, the very recent outbreak of so called swine flu has become the main topic of healthcare news around the world. Swine flu is a respiratory disease of pigs caused by the Type A flu virus. People do not normally get swine flu but human infections can and do happen. Swine flu virus has been reported to spread from person-to-person and is contagious. The symptoms of swine flu in people are similar to the symptoms of regular human flu and include high fever, cough, sore throat, body aches, headaches, chills, fatigue, and gastrointestinal tract related issues. Centene has a detailed response plan in place that was developed in 2006 during the bird flu pandemic scare to manage major disease outbreaks which allows us to be proactive rather than reactive in our actions. We communicate and coordinate with providers, state and local agencies and our members as we continuously monitor the disease incidents in our markets. Our NurseWise call centers are in invaluable resource in disseminating useful information on symptoms, treatment, and prevention, while there is no flu vaccine for swine flu. Antiviral medications like Tamiflu and Relenza have proven successful as a treatment. These medications should be taken only on the advice of physician within 48 hours of the onset of symptoms. In addition, Centene has a comprehensive business continuity plan to ensure that our operations are not significantly disrupted in the event of a pandemic. We have mobilized our team and our on alert to implement the plan if needed. Right now, it is simply too early to predict the scope and implications of the swine flu situation. But we will keep you updated as necessary. Switching to the economy, the downturn in the US economy has had a significant impact on state budgets, with the majority of the states now forecasting budget deficits for the full year 2010. Let me remind you, Centenes business model is built to grow in both good and bad economic times. We understand the strain this economic environment in places, on our state partners and we are committed to working with them to ensure we provide better health outcomes at lower cost. We will maintain our focus, dedication, and discipline in managing our business in 2009 and beyond and remain committed to our growth, the improvement of our profit margins and producing consistent and adequate returns for our investors. Also, the fiscal stimulus bill passed in February includes $87 billion in additional federal funding for state Medicaid programs over a two-year period through the increase to add FMAP, with states eligible for additional funding based on their unemployment levels. We have previously described these funds as state budget stabilizes which will fill gaps from lower tax revenues and serve to dissuade states from cutting Medicaid Manage Reimbursement. I am pleased to report that this money as of the end of March is now throwing to the states and almost $4 billion of these additional FMAP funds have already been remitted to the states where Centene operates health plan. On April 1st, the SCHIP Reauthorization signed by President Obama in February went into effect. This reauthorization is for four and a half years and expands the 4.7 million children currently eligible by an additional 3.9 million. Almost 25% of these incremental children reside within Centenes geographic footprint. Furthermore, higher unemployment rates in our states increase a number of people who are eligible for Medicaid coverage. We will update you in the future on the likely impacts these events have on our business and we will consider them in future guidance. Right now, we think it is still too early to try and fully quantify them. At the capital markets remain volatile. We continue to stress the importance of being prudent balance sheet managers with a focus of liquidity and capital adequacy. Strategically, we will continue to build a multiline strategy, coordinating efforts between our health plans and specialty companies to drive productive innovation, a new product innovation; become a low cost producer, enhance our members in health outcomes and win new business. However, it is essential that we maintain an abundance of conservatism and remain selective in our pursuit of new business opportunity. Moving to the subject of possible federal healthcare reform, all and any of us can do. At this point, speculate on timing, cost, feasibility, and private sector impacts. Ultimately, budget realities will limit changes to those that are affordable. But we do believe that we are well positioned as any managed care organization to work effectively in a post reform environment given our focus on helping unreserved, vulnerable populations gain better access to healthcare coverage cost effectively without wide array of products due to a unique multiline strategy. Our recent contract in Massachusetts offers evidence of our ability to meet the needs of different markets and customers in a dynamic fashion. Our growing experience with the Massachusetts program which I will come in on later will serve as well. We are well versed in operating as a government contractor and while there are no guarantees it is difficult to imagine a type of healthcare reform under which our skills, flexibility, and focus will not be valued. Stay tuned. Now, back to the first quarter results, the quarters performance demonstrates that the actions we began taking last year in an effort to produce more predictable earnings and to achieve financial strategies are working. We had solid revenue growth in the first quarter, a 20% year-over-year and our list membership grew in all our states. The medical management and network enhancement efforts could in place in Ohio and other states continue to pay off as a consolidated HBR improved 160 basis points year-over-year, excluding the effect of the Georgia 2007 retroactive rate increase booked in Q1 of 2008. We continue to expect the consolidated HBR to very between 82% and 84% range due to normal seasonality. Turning to our general administrative expense, the G&A ratio for the first quarter of 2009 was 13.5 a year-over-year increase of 50 basis points excluding the effect of Georgia 2007 retroactive rate increase booked in Q1 of 2008. This increase is due primarily to expenses for additional facilities and staff to support our growth, the acquisition of Celtic and presentation of access as a consolidated subsidiary. Now, I would like to speak some of our newer growth drivers. In February 2009, we began converting managed care membership in Florida from Access Health Solutions non-risk book to our new subsidiary, Sunshine Health Plan on an at-risk basis. The conversion process is going well and at March 31, 2009 we served 29,100 members on an at-risk basis while Access continued to serve 92,900 members on a non-risk basis. In South Carolina, our organic growth ramp remained strong and in March 2009 we completed the previously announced acquisition of certain assets of AMERIGROUP Community Care of South Carolina. In combination with our previously converted membership in the state we served 48,500 at-risk members in South Carolina at March 31, 2009, compared to just 2,200 a year ago. Note that we converted members in Florida and South Carolina to our risk plans during Q1. These converted members in both states have what is known as a choice period both before and after the conversion date. Both states choice period will occur during Q2. There is potential for minimum membership volatility in Q2 before we stabilize at higher levels between now and the end of 2009. Last but certainly not least, in March, we announced that our Celtic unit was awarded a contract to manage healthcare services for the working poor in Massachusetts with a strong local provider partner, Caritas Christi Healthcare. We operated joint venture called CeltiCare Health Plan commencing in July 2009. This contract win is especially satisfying for us as it validates our strategic rationale for buying Celtic last year. We acquired Celtic in 2008 to allow us to expand our addressable market from Medicaid only to all of the uninsured. Celtics individual health plan skill-set allows us to work with states in designing coverage solutions for uninsured individuals and families that do not qualify for traditional government sponsored Medicaid. CeltiCare will serve the Central North Boston and Southern regions of Massachusetts. The Massachusetts Commonwealth program is a health insurance program for low income working adults up to 300% of the federal poverty level who are not eligible for Medicaid or employer sponsored insurance. There are approximately 165,000 members eligible under the program. We anticipate membership will begin building up in July and expect the annual run rate of revenue of $100 million to $125 million by the fourth quarter of 2010. As a reminder, we will not comment on New Jersey transaction with AMERIGROUP, as it is our longstanding policy not to comment on active litigation. Lastly, I would like to remind everyone that our Seventh Annual Investor Day will be held in New York City on Tuesday, June 2nd, 2009, beginning at 8 AM and we hope you can join us. More information will be forthcoming on this. We appreciate your support and interest in our Company and with that I will now turn the call over to Eric for the financial details.  
Eric Slusser:  Thank you Michael and good morning everyone. Before I discuss the first quarter financial highlights, I would like to remind everyone of two important facts from 2008. First, the 2008 first quarter results include the benefit of the July 1 through December 31st, 2007 rate increase for Georgia of $20.8 million of premium revenue or approximately $0.28 per diluted share. Second, beginning with the fourth quarter of 2008, the results of operations for University Health Plans, our New Jersey Health Plan were classified in the financial statements as a discontinued operation as a result of our intent to sell the business. The financial results discuss throughout this call will be in the context of continuing operations unless noted otherwise. In addition, beginning January 1, 2009, we have presented our investment in Access as a consolidated subsidiary in our financial statements. Access was previously in equity method investment and the earnings were recorded in other income in prior periods. For the quarter ended March 31, 2009, revenue net of premium taxes grew to $908.9 million which represents 20% growth compared to the first quarter of 2008. Excluding the Georgia rate increase recorded in 2008 the growth was 23%. The revenue increase in 2009 was driven by the following items: Organic full-risk membership growth in each of our states; the acquisition of certain assets of AMERIGROUP Community Care of South Carolina on March 1st, 2009; third, the consolidation of Access as a subsidiary as well as the conversion of non-risk Florida Access members to the full-risk Sunshine State Health Plan model starting on February 1, 2009; fourth, the commencement of the Arizona Acute Care contract in October 2008; number five would be acquisition of Celtic in July 2008; six, the commencement of the Texas Foster Care Contract in April 2008; and finally, low single digit premium rate increases across our health plans. Our consolidated health benefits ratio or HBR was 83.5% for the 2009 first quarter compared to 82.7% for the 2008 first quarter. The retroactive Georgia premium rate increase recorded in 2008 had the effective decreasing HBR for that period by 240 basis points. Excluding the effects from Georgia in the prior year, the resulting 160 basis points improvement year-over-year was due primarily to a decrease in respiratory illness in the first quarter of 2009 as a result of a lighter cold and flu season. In addition, we experienced significant improvement year-over-year in our Ohio ABD HBR as a result of our ongoing medical and network management efforts in that state. Sequentially, our HBR was 83.5% for the first quarter of 2009 compared to 82.3% in the 2008 fourth quarter. The 120 basis points sequential increase was a result of normal seasonality in the addition of a new state and acquired members. Now, turning to our general and administrative expenses, G&A expenses in whole dollars in first quarter were essentially flatted sequentially from the 2008 fourth quarter. G&A growth for new businesses and Access in the first quarter 2009 was offset by G&A efficiencies across the business. The G&A ratio for the first quarter of 2009 was 13.5% compared to 12.6% in the first quarter of 2008. The retroactive Georgia premium rate increase recorded in 2008 had the effective decreasing the G&A ratio for that period by 40 basis points. Taking the impact of Georgia rate increase into account, the G&A percent was up year-over-year as a result of new business initiatives including the acquisition of Celtic and the consolidation of Access. In addition, we made a $1.4 million contribution to our charitable foundation in the first quarter of 2009. Our first quarter investment and other income was $3.6 million, a decrease of $4 million year-over-year and a decrease of $2.4 million sequentially. The decline in investment and other income was due to an overall decline in market interest rates as well as a decline in earnings from equity method investee resulting from the presentation of Access as a consolidated subsidiary beginning in 2009. Our 2009 first quarter effective tax rate was 35.5% compared to 31.5% in the 2008 first quarter. The decrease was primarily due to lower state income taxes and then increase in tax exempt interest. We expect the income tax favorability to continue throughout 2009. Earnings per diluted share from continuing operation were $0.43 for the 2009 first quarter compared a $0.56 in the first quarter of 2008, or $0.28 excluding the Georgia retroactive rate increase. Balance sheet highlights at March 31, 2009 include cash, cash equivalents and short term investments of $410 million and long term investments of $435.6 million including restricted deposits of $12.8 million. At March 31, 2009, our holdings in the reserve primary fund were approximately $7.6 million. We also received the distribution from this fund this month leaving our remaining holdings in the reserve primary fund at approximately $4 million. At March 31, 2009, cash and investments held by our unregulated entities totaled $28.9 million while cash and investments held by our regulated entities totaled $816.8 million. We have estimated our regulated capital and surplus to be in excess of 355% of risk based capital or RBC requirements. Our total debt was $290.3 million and debt to total capitalization was 34.6%. Our medical claims liabilities totaled $372.5 million representing in 45.3 days in claims payable, a net decrease of 3.2 days from 48.5 days at December 31, 2008. This change was primarily driven by three factors. First, at December 31st, 2008, we had approximately $15.7 million in claims checks printed but not yet process for mailing as compared to only $4.9 million at March 31, 2009. The checks at year end were unusually high due to the schedule of process in claims payments at year end around the holidays. These checks represent claims checks printed prior to quarter end that were mailed subsequent to quarter end due to normal process in time, in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles we reclassified these amounts back into medical claims liability in cash at the period end. The net reduction in unmailed checks compared to year end decreased our days claims payable by approximately 1.4 days and our claims liability approximately $11 million from year end. Second, during the first quarter of 2009, we experienced lower inpatient cost as a percentage of total medical expense. This change in our medical expense mix decreased our DCP by approximately 1.3 days due to the shorter payment cycle on our non-inpatient medical expense categories as compared to inpatient claims which have a longer payment cycle. Third, we experienced a 6% increase in large dollar claims paid during the first quarter which reduced our DCP by 0.7 days. This increase in payment of large dollar claims was driven by an emphasis on processing high dollar claims to avoid interest on late payments to providers and as states have moved to more stringent timely claims payment requirements. We have applied a consistent and conservative actuarial methodology to estimate our medical claims liability and believe our March 31, 2009 reserved estimate is consistent with our December 31, 2008 estimate. Given the three days sequential change and days claims payable, we thought it appropriate for this quarter to also reinforce the conservative nature of our reserving methodology with additional commentary in the reconciliation table in our press release. We expect days claims payable to continue to fluctuate within our previously discussed range of 45 days to 50 days. All the quarter, cash flows generated from operating activities were $23.4 million approximately 1.2 times net earnings. As a reminder, the first quarter is typically our seasonally weakest cash flow quarter due to lower earnings for the quarter compared to other quarters and the timing of certain payments. That concludes my comments on our first quarter results. Before we open the call for your comments, I would like to update you on our 2009 guidance. We are adjusting the lower end of our guidance range upward $0.02 to reflect the favorable results from the lower effective income tax rate. We expect the income tax favorability for the remainder of 2009 to be offset by the impact of start-up cost and early operating results for our new Massachusetts operation. Overall for 2009, we expect from continuing operations, revenues net of premium taxes in a range of $3.65 billion to $3.775 billion, earnings per diluted share of $1.84 to $1.94, a consolidated HBR range of 82% to 84%, and consolidated G&A expense ratio of 13% to 13.5%. And with that, we can open the call up to questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital:  First question, if you can help us out in terms of the cash flow. Seasonally, you mentioned weakest but still obviously well about net income this quarter. I was curious if there were any timing issues there specifically around the unearned premium. It is looks like that might have been affected maybe by state payment. Will that reverse in the second quarter?
Michael Neidorff: Yes. The month of March, we had a couple of states that actually held payments. You will see an increase from the balance sheet on the asset side related to that. So we had two that held their payments to a month later. We had one that prepaid which is causing the change in unearned income. The other thing you will note in the cash flow is in the payables line that significant change and driver of the lower amount and that was driven mostly by the estimated federal income tax payment we made in the month of March related our finalization of 08 earnings and taxable income.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital:  I guess just in terms of as expectations for the second quarter then would you expect the second quarter to be slightly lower on a year-over-year basis than previously expected?
Michael Neidorff: Well, we would expect our second quarter trend to be consistent with prior years and moving upwards in the range of 1.5 times to 2 times net income.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital:  Okay, perfect. And then, second question, just do you have for New Jersey the contribution? I know you guys broke it out in terms of just continuing at last quarter but do you have a number of what the contribution was in the first quarter of 08?
Eric Slusser:  Hang on just a second. Yes, it looked surround almost a penny positive contribution.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital:  Okay, okay. And then just last question, there is a ton of moving parts and the top line of over 20% obviously is a big number, but just trying to figure out if it is possible to strip out sort of Foster Care and Arizona and maybe South Carolina acquisition, do you guys have what you think sort of the organic? What is the organic rate of growth on revenues in the quarter?
Eric Slusser:  We sometime ago said it is very difficult to comment on organic because of what is true organic if we add a new product in an existing state, is that organic? And one that we acquired, it gets too complicated. So we indicated sometime ago in the concern to not mislead but do not do something we can do comparable period-to-period. We just will not comment on that.
Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital:  Yes, I guess I understand. I mean it is sort of impossible to even classify it. Maybe if I ask you a different way, it sounds like you saw low single digit rate increases. In your existing state, what would you say the membership growth was in states were you saying population year-over-year?
Michael Neidorff: I think we showed you what the membership is in the tables in the news release. I cannot comment beyond that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gregg Genova - Deutsche Bank.
Gregg Genova - Deutsche Bank: Looking at the MLRs a little bit, it looks like the ABD and the Medicare MLR came in pretty low in the quarter while the Medicaid and SCHIP came in a little higher. Was there any negative or favorable development in either one? And can you talk a little bit about how those kinds of work through the quarter?
Michael Neidorff: Eric, do you want to comment on that?
Eric Slusser:  Yes. As I comment a little bit in my comments, the ABD is driven by improvement as I talk about we saw a decline in upper respiratory disease this year in the first quarter compared the last year particularly in Ohio. There has been significant medical management efforts as I talked about, and really in all of our plans around that program as you have seen in our press release about ABD HBR was downed approximately 81%. We do not expect that that trend is going to continue with that level, but through management and efforts to improve that and again the change year-over-year in the upper respiratory disease which particularly impacts that group. We saw favorability. We typically do not comment about positive or negative prior period development. We tend to manage that process and as I indicated we serve conservatively but we show the table year-over-year development on press release and we do not comment about our quarterly over quarter development. But again, there has been significant management both network management and member management around that population and an attempt to improve it over that prior year where it was upwards of 97% HBR for the ABD.
Gregg Genova - Deutsche Bank: Okay, thanks. I guess shifting over to investment income and other, obviously that is lower because the reclassification of Access but still just the core investment income is if you annualize that it comes out more towards $50 million versus I think you guys have talked about lower to 20 and you talked about the lower interest rates. So, is that being off so I would assume does that come down a little bit and has been offset by things there were in other direction? I guess you have at $0.08 a benefit from the tax rate offset by the cost from Massachusetts around $0.06 or so. So, if you talk maybe just a little bit more about around the moving parts to the guidance now.
Eric Slusser:  Yes. Well, let me talk about the tax rate first. As we indicated in the first quarter that was about $0.02 of benefit which as I also indicated with the reason we took up the lower into the range. We expect the tax favorability will continue at approximately the same level of $0.02 per quarter. So, but we are also estimating that the cost of Massachusetts both start-up and the early operations until it gets to a breakeven and accretive stage will offset that for the last three quarters of this year. So, net-net, the positive from taxes will be offset by the cost of Massachusetts netting no estimated change in our run rates around those two items and in guidance for the rest of the year.
Gregg Genova - Deutsche Bank: And on the investment come then, is that?
Eric Slusser:  Yes, investment income as the feds of continued to lower the rates in the first quarter, we have seen a decline in investment income. If I look at the rest of the year assuming all thing is being equal no more changes by them, looking at that line for the most part investment income and interest expense will just about net each other out to zero, and again, I will remind you that last year there was Access earnings in that other income there will be nothing in there this year related Access as we consolidate that entity.
Michael Neidorff: I would add also, we have to be cautious on that tax rate going forward and that if we move from some of the municipal tax rate investments we have and others that we move that around based on what we see in the current political economic environment, that too for change. So, we manage that very carefully, recognizing or attempting to minimize risks in any investment that we have.
Eric Slusser:  Yes. And there was also an element of favorability driven in that tax rate through a jobs tax credit we are getting for growth and new employee additions. So, certainly that also will be subject to our new job addition as we continue to the remainder this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg Nersessian - Credit Suisse.
Greg Nersessian - Credit Suisse:  Just a couple of questions, first is on Florida. I see you converted about 21,000 lives this quarter. Actually, we think about that ramping in over the rest of the year. There is sort of a monthly conversion figure we should expect or help us in modeling that out.
Michael Neidorff: Jesse will respond that. Jesse?
Jesse Hunter:  Yes. The way that the Florida conversation any state version is county specific, so we are working through that conversion process right now, building out networks and in other regulatory approvals in terms of readiness, etc on a county-by-county basis. So, we have been approved in four counties. That was what converted in the fourth quarter. We have submitted additional counties to the state for approval so we expect those to come up obviously through the second half of the year. We do not expect based on the timing right now to do any conversions in the second quarter of 2009. But we obviously expect throughout to continue to work through county-by-county conversions in the second of the year.
Greg Nersessian - Credit Suisse:  If your penetration amongst that, it looks like this is about 90,000 non-risk lives. Is there penetration rate there that you expect or conversion rate that you can help us? About what percent is that you expect to hold on through the year?
Jesse Hunter:  Yes. We cannot really get into some of the specificity around that and obviously our objective can make the retention rate as high as you can and obviously to grow the business through both member choice and auto-assignment on an ongoing basis.
Greg Nersessian - Credit Suisse:  Okay. And then next question on Massachusetts, it sounds like you have got the start-up cost built in the business or you have not changed the revenue, so assuming no revenue impact this year from next. Can you just give us a sense of how the economics work there with your joint venture?
Michael Neidorff: I think if you look at the revenue line we have a range of revenues for the year so which within that range is we see it this year.
Greg Nersessian - Credit Suisse:  Okay.
Michael Neidorff: Okay. And we have a joint venture with the hospital and a contract within. We are managing the plan for them and we will share on equal basis as appropriate and some adjustments in there because of the nature at the hospital.
Greg Nersessian - Credit Suisse:  When do you expect this start generating revenue in Massachusetts?
Michael Neidorff: We are hoping to start and grow slowly in July 1.
Greg Nersessian - Credit Suisse:  Okay. And then just last quick question and you said you added about $20 million of short term then in the quarters are attempted to repay that in the second quarter?
Eric Slusser:  Well, some of that was driven by timing of the items I indicated earlier in the period. We would expect to continue to keep that balance at a moderated level but at this point there is no intention to take it downwards significantly in the second quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Daryn Miller - Goldman Sachs.
Daryn Miller - Goldman Sachs: Question on the accounts receivable or previous receive that increased during the quarter, what states was that related to?
Eric Slusser:  Wisconsin and Indiana.
Daryn Miller - Goldman Sachs: I got you, and that will be also had a similar situation was like third quarter of last year?
Eric Slusser:  Yes. We have had actually each quarter. I do not have the specifics but each quarter we have had instances most of the time it has just been one state where they lag over the month in and into the next month. So you will see that volatility and we expect in some cases that would likely continue. It is a timing issue but there are some states in this case that held them over to the first week of the following month and then the other side of that is like Ohio where it was essentially a fully paid in this time. So, net-net, they did not quite offset the two states versus the one but there was some offset in pure cash flow because of the prepayment and postpayment.
Daryn Miller - Goldman Sachs: Great and then can you comment on what you are seeing in terms of behavioral health utilization?
Michael Neidorff: Bill, would you like to comment on that?
William Scheffel:  I think. It is just pretty steady between years. We have added Foster Care overall which we classified by the Medicaid segment and we are here into that program and I do not think there is anything out of the ordinary at this point.
Daryn Miller - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then one last one, the services revenue line increased $6 million. I am sorry if I missed your comments on what was driving that.
Eric Slusser:  That is the consolidation of Access.
Daryn Miller - Goldman Sachs: Okay.
Eric Slusser:  The Access is the non-risk membership, ASO membership and that gets recorded in the service line.
Daryn Miller - Goldman Sachs: I got you, and that is what about $2 million-ish?
Eric Slusser:  About $6 million-ish.
Daryn Miller - Goldman Sachs: Is that what was running about last year too? Because it was all of that in the other line of investment and other in revenue last year?
Eric Slusser:  On the investment line, the other income is just the net earnings impact.
Daryn Miller - Goldman Sachs: I got you.
Eric Slusser:  Percentage that is only our portion of the earnings, we now consolidated and under consolidation you show 100% and then you net out the minority interest impact.
Operator: (Operators Instructions) There are no more questions in queue.
Michael Neidorff: Well, we thank everyone and look forward to call again at the end of Q2, and we would remind you that we have our Investor Day coming up so look forward to seeing you there as well on June 2nd. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-27 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Renie Shapiro - Senior Vice President of Corporate Finance and Investor Relations  Ren Lerer, M.D.- President, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman Jonathan N. Rubin - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Carl McDonald - Oppenheimer & Co.  Gregory Nersessian - Credit Suisse Ray [Win] - Barclays Capital  Michael Baker - Raymond James & Associates  
Operator:  Good morning ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Magellan Health Services Inc. Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2008 Earnings Results Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) Now I would like to turn the call over to your host today Senior Vice President of Corporate Finance and Investor Relations Miss Renie Shapiro.
Renie Shapiro: Good morning and thank you for joining us today. Here with me today are Magellans Chairman and CEO Ren Lerer, and our Chief Financial Officer Jon Rubin. They will discuss the financial and operational results of our fourth quarter and year ended December 32, 2008. Before we proceed with this call let me read our disclosure statement. Certain of the statements that will be made during this conference call are forward-looking statements contemplated under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown uncertainties and risks which could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed. These forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety, but a complete discussion of risks is set forth under the caption Risk Factors in Magellans annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 which will be filed with the SEC later today. In addition, please note that in this call we refer to segment profit. Segment profit is disclosed and defined in our annual report on Form 10-K and is equal to revenues plus the sum of cost of care, cost of goods sold, direct service costs and other expenses, excluding stock compensation expense.  Segment profit information referred to in this call may be considered a noon-GAAP financial measure. Included in the tables issued with this mornings press release is the reconciliation from segment profit to the line item income from continuing operations before income taxes and minority interest. We encourage you to review such reconciliation for an understanding of how segment profit compares to that GAAP measure. For additional information regarding this measure, including the reasons management considers this information to be useful to investors, please see Magellans annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 which will be filed with the SEC later today and which will be posted on our website later today. I will now turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Ren Lerer, M.D
Ren Lerer, M.D: Thank you Renie and good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. Let me begin with some comments on the full year and fourth quarter results, then well turn it over to John to review the details of the year and quarter, as well as provide some commentary on 2009. In my closing remarks I will comment on key issues for the company including our outlook for growth, legislative initiatives, recent changes to our Board of Directors and a discussion of our strategic focus and priorities.  Let me start by saying that we are very pleased with our results for 2008. Our segments have performed well with particular strength in public sector behavioral, specialty pharma, and radiology benefits management. As you saw in the press release issued this morning, for the full year ended December 31, 2008 we produced net income of $86.2 million, EPS of $2.16, and segment profit of $219.6 million.  For the fourth quarter we produced net income of $23.6 million, EPS of $0.61, and a segment profit of $55.0 million. We ended the year with a solid balance sheet, no debt, and $321.1 million of unrestricted cash and investments.  In addition to our strong operating results, we have made good progress on the share repurchase program we announced last January. Through February 25, 2009 we repurchased approximately 4.3 million shares for a total of $151.6 million completing approximately 76% of the approved $200 million program authorized by the Board.  Before John discusses the details of our financial results, let me first provide a brief review of each of our businesses and some of the key issues in each. In the behavioral health line, let me discuss results in both commercial and public sector, progress on key account renewals, and developments in Maricopa County. First, results of our commercial segment are down year-over-year due primarily to terminated contracts as well as higher cost of care and a portion of a larger risk contract as weve discussed on prior calls. John will provide more details on this later in the call. We are committed to implementing plans to improve results on this account going forward. On the public sector side, earnings have grown significantly year-over-year. This reflects strong results across the entire segment and it includes the impact of a full year of the Maricopa contract. We have worked diligently on improving our service results in Maricopa and we continue to work with our customer and the community to affect the transformation and visions to the system of care there. I will talk about Maricopa a little more later.  Regarding behavioral health renewals, we disclosed at the end of the year that one customer, which generated net revenues of $217 million for the year, extended its contract for an additional two years through December 31, 2012. We are engaged in renewal discussions with another customer, which generated net revenues of $90.8 million for the year and has a contract that runes through June 30, 2009. Although the contract has yet to be signed, we are optimistic about its outcome. As weve previously discussed the Iowa Medicaid Behavioral Health contract, which we have held for over ten years, is up for mandatory rebid. The RP was released at the end of December and responses are due on March 20. The effective date of the new contract is January 1, 2010 and accordingly we have received a six-month extension of our current contract. The 2008 revenue from this account was $140.5 million and the extension reflects no material changes to the current contract terms. We believe we have had a very positive story to tell about the results we have produced for the state of Iowa and we are making every effort to retain this business. Turning to the radiology business, we are very pleased with the performance of NIA in 2008. We ended the year with segment profit of $34.9 million, a significant increase over 2007 segment profit of $8.9 million. Im also delighted to announce that we have signed an additional risk radiology contract. We look forward to adding this new customer to the Magellan family and have already begun implementation of this contract with an expected go live date of May 1, 2009. This contract, which serves Medicaid recipients, has total revenue of approximately $115 million over the three-year contract period. This was a competitive bid for a population not currently managed by an RBM vendor.  The specialty pharma segment also produced strong results with full year segment profit of $30.5 million, a 69% increase over last year. ICORE demonstrated significant growth within all product lines, rebate, distribution, and strategic solutions. Im very pleased with these results and continue to be quite bullish on the future of this business. In previous calls Ive touched on the oncology benefits management product weve been developing and Im pleased to also announce that on January 1 we began implementing this new offering with an existing health plan customer. This product, which we believe is unique in the marketplace, encompasses reimbursement, contracting strategies, and clinical and claims management services. It addresses the selection, quality, and cost of pharmaceutical agents, supports effective clinical care management, and improves administrative processes and outcomes such as the accuracy of claims payment. As oncology is one of the major drivers of medical spend for health plans today, there is great interest in this capability. We have an active pipeline and we are currently marketing this full service product to a number of health plans. We are pricing this product such that we retain a portion of the savings realized by our customer. We are excited about our ability to deliver an oncology product unique to the industry that combined our expertise in specialty pharma, utilization and pricing, as well as our core capabilities and claims management, underwriting, pharma contracting, and technology.  We believe that over the next several years oncology benefits management will become a material part of ICOREs overall business.  We continue to successfully diversify the Companys earnings. We are pleased that our combined radiology and specialty pharma segments represented 20% of both our revenues and segment profit in 2008, prior to corporate overhead. We have also made significant progress in cross selling across our business lines so that seven of our top ten health plan customers are in two or more of our segments. Let me now turn the call over to John, our CFO, who will discuss the fourth quarter and full year 2008 results in greater detail.
Jonathan Rubin: Great, thanks Ren and good morning everyone. As indicated in the press release issued this morning, for the year ended December 31, 2008 the company reported net income of $86.2 million or $2.16 per diluted common share and segment profit of $219.6 million. For 2007 the Company reported net income of $94.2 million or $2.36 per diluted common share and segment profit of $223.3 million.  Our 2008 financial results are in line with our guidance, which consisted of EPS of $1.95 to $2.17 per diluted share and segment profit of $215 to $225 million.  We are pleased with the full year results of our operating segment, especially as they relate to the strong performance of our radiology and specialty pharmacy businesses. At the operating segment level, fiscal 2008 segment profit was higher than the prior year for the public sector, radiology, and specialty pharmacy segments. Public sector benefited from lower cost of care inclusive of favorable out of period care development in the current year, as well as the full year earnings impact from the Maricopa County contract.  Radiologys improved results were driven by a full year of impact in 2008 of our risk radiology contracts that began during 2007. Specialty pharmacys earnings growth primarily reflects our strong focus on expanding the rebates business. Results for the commercial segment were lower than the prior year, mainly due to the impact of contract terminations and margin compression. Now looking at the quarter, net income for the fourth quarter of 2008 was $23.6 million or $0.61 per share on a diluted basis.  For the fourth quarter of 2007, the Companys net income was $31.3 million or $0.78 per share on a diluted basis.  Revenues in the fourth quarter of 2008 were $661.8 million compared to $658 million for the same period last year. The revenue increase resulted primarily from same store membership increases of $27.8 million, net favorable rate changes of $22.4 million, increased revenue from expansion of our business in the specialty pharmacy segment of $10.4 million, new business of $3.8 million, and other net increases of $2.1 million. These increases were partially offset by the loss of membership due to contract terminations of $62.7 million. Our segment profit for the fourth quarter of 2008 was $55 million, which compares to segment profit of $66.2 million for the fourth quarter of 2007. Segment profit in the quarter for the commercial business was $29.6 million reflecting a decrease of $31.1 million from the prior years fourth quarter. This decrease was mainly due to the impact of contract terminations of $16.2 million, care trend in excess of rate increases of $5.8 million, the impact of favorable out of period care development affecting the prior year quarter of $5.8 million, unfavorable out of period care development recorded in the current year quarter of $6 million and a one time charge in the current quarter of $2.5 million associated with legal matters. These decreases were partially offset by increased membership from existing customers of $4.4 million and other net favorable variances of $0.8 million which mainly related to new business.  The unfavorable care development and higher care trends experienced in the current quarter were primarily related to a portion of one large risk account. As we discussed during the last call, there was an addition of a new group of members to this account who have had a higher utilization profile than the preexisting membership. These new members, as well as changes to the plan design, have created unanticipated higher care costs for this contract, including unfavorable care development in the quarter. Now we are actively working with the customer and in the process of implementing a broad action plan to mitigate the cost of care pressures that were experiencing. Aside from this account, the care trend for commercial is still estimated to be approximately 7% to 09 for 2009. Fourth quarter segment profit for public sector was $34.6 million representing an increase of $10.1 million over the prior year fourth quarter. This increase was mainly due to the net impact of favorable rate changes of $4.6 million, same store membership increases of $5.3 million, and favorable out of period care development recorded in the current quarter of $5.7 million. These increases were partially offset by the impact of favorable out of period care development affecting the prior year quarter of $4.2 million and other net decreases of $1.3 million which were mainly due to contract termination. Care trends in the public sector for 2009 are expected to be 3% to 5% consistent with our previous expectations. Fourth quarter 2008 segment profit for the radiology benefits management segment was $4.1 million, representing an increase of $2.1 million over the fourth quarter of 2007. This increase was mainly due to favorable rate changes of $3.2 million, higher performance revenue of $2.4 million, the impact of unfavorable out of period care development affecting the prior year quarter of $1 million and other favorable variances of $1.4 million mainly related to new business. Now these increases were partially offset by the impact of terminated contracts of $3.5 million, retroactive rate decreases recorded in the current year quarter of $1.5 million, an unfavorable out of period care development recorded in the current year quarter of $0.9 million. We continue to expect 2009 care trends for radiology to range from 10% to 13%.  Fourth quarter 2008 segment profit for the specialty pharmacy segment was $9.2 million compared to $4.6 million which was recognized in the prior year quarter. With the increase mainly due to growth in the rebate and consulting businesses as well as lower cost of goods old ratio in the current year period. Corporate costs, excluding stock compensation expense, were $3 million less than the fourth quarter of 2007 primarily due to lower insurance expenses in the current year period.. Excluding stock compensation expense, total direct service and operating expenses were 14.8% of revenue in the current year quarter, which was consistent with a ratio of 14.9% experienced in the prior year quarter.  In the fourth quarter of 2008 we recognized $6.4 million of stock compensation expense compared to $7.3 million in the fourth quarter of 2007. The decrease is mainly due to lower stock compensation expense in the 2008 period due to the termination of the employment of our former CEO in the first quarter of this year, as well as higher forfeiture activity in the current year. Depreciation and amortization expense was $15.8 million for the fourth quarter of 2008 compared to $16 million in the fourth quarter of 2007. Interest expense was minimal for the fourth quarter of 2008 compared to $1.4 million in the fourth quarter of 2007 with the reduction mainly due to reductions in outstanding debt balances and lower interest rates in the current year quarter. Interest income was $3.7 million for the current year quarter, compared to $6.7 million for the prior year quarter. This decrease is mainly due to the impact of lower investment yields.  The effective income tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2008 was 38.5%, this compares to 38.3% for the prior year period. Now our effective income tax rate varies from the federal statutory income tax rate primarily due to state income taxes and the permanent differences between book and tax income.  Now turning to cash flow and balance sheet highlights, our cash flow from operations for the year was $268.3 million. This amount includes the positive impact of a shift of restricted cash into restricted investments in the amount of $108.7 million which is reflected as a source of cash from operations and a use of cash from investing activities. Absent this transfer, the cash flow from operations for the year was $159.6 million. As Ren mentioned earlier, through the 25th of February we repurchased a total of approximately 4.3 million shares for a total cost of $151.6 million at an average price of $35.25. As of December 31, 2008, the Companys total unrestricted cash and investments were $321.1 million which represented a decrease of $32.5 million from the balance at December 31. 2007. The decrease in unrestricted cash and investments was mainly due to cash settlements for stock repurchases of $136.2 million that were made under the program announced earlier this year, settlement of the $25 million deferred payment associated with the acquisition of ICORE, capital expenditures of $36.3 million, the funding of restricted cash of $13.3 million for one of the radiology risk contracts, the run out of net contract liabilities for terminated contracts of $13.9 million, debt and capital lease payments of $14 million, tax payments of $13.6 million, and other net changes of $12.7 million, which mainly related to increased working capital to support growth in the radiology and pharmacy segments. Partially offsetting such items were segment profit for the year of $219.6 million and proceeds from exercises of stock options of $12.9 million. Our unrestricted cash and investments of $321.1 million at December 31, 2008 consisted of $211.8 million of unrestricted cash and $109.3 million of unrestricted short-term investments. Approximately $45.8 million of the total unrestricted cash and investments at December 31, 2008 relates to excess capital and undistributed earnings held at regulated subsidiaries.  The Companys restricted cash and investments of $317 million reflect an increase of $48.9 million since December 31, 2007, $13.3 million of which is attributable to restricted cash funding in relation to one of the risk radiology contracts as discussed in previous quarters and the remainder of which is attributable to the timing of cash flows with our regulated subsidiaries and other regulatory requirements. Now mindful or our significant cash and investment position, we continue to closely monitor the markets and the safety of these assets is of utmost importance to us. Weve consistently maintained our conservative investment strategy, emphasizing a diversified, high quality, liquid short-term portfolio. Naturally the trade off to this strategy is lower investment yields. In light of this focus our current cash and investment portfolio is heavily weighted towards cash and cash equivalents as well as high quality investment grade corporate debt securities. To date we have not realized any permanent losses on our investment portfolio and as of December 31, 2008 we had approximately $172,000.00 of unrealized gains.  As of December 31, 2008 our only debt consisted of $28,000.00 of capital lease obligations. Now relative to 2009 we are maintaining our net income and segment profit guidance in the ranges of $73.4 million to $93.7 million and $190 million to $210 million respectively. We have updated our EPS guidance to $1.99 to $2.54 per share which reflects the share repurchases made through September 25. While we are maintaining our segment profit guidance, note that we have additional pressure on the commercial cost of care, as we previously discussed, offset by potential favorability in the public sector segment. As a reminder, our outlook also includes the assumption that we will be able to reverse the majority of our deferred Maricopa revenue for fiscal year 2008, as well as to recognize the full revenue for this contract for fiscal year 2009. With that, I will now turn the call back over to Ren.
Ren Lerer, M.D: Thanks, Jon. Let me now spend a few minutes reviewing several issues, including a discussion of the status of Maricopa, future prospects for each of our businesses, pending and proposed legislative initiatives, some recent changes on the Board and a summary of our strategic focus and priorities.  Some of you may be aware of media coverage in the Phoenix area highlighting criticism of the mental health system and Magellans role of manager of the contract. To help address that, let me discuss recent developments and progress weve made on the program. First though, I think its appropriate to emphasize that news articles dont always tell the whole story and certainly thats been the case in Maricopa County recently. While there is clearly work to do and issues to address, in the 18 months that we filled the contract we have consistently executed on the states transformation plan and improved many aspects of the system in collaboration with our state partner. We have made significant financial investments in improving the direct care facilities as well as considerable progress in quality of care initiatives. We have now transitioned 13 of the original 24 direct care facilities to provider network organizations and we are on track to transition the remainder of the clinics by September of 2009 as required. In addition we have strengthened and empowered local leadership while continuing to provide corporate support as needed. We care profoundly about the people that we serve and are steadfast in our commitment to partner with the state of Arizona to continue the transformation of the mental health system in Maricopa County. Moving to growth strategies for the future, our radiology pipeline includes numerous opportunities which we are actively pursuing. Risk based prospects represent the majority of our pipeline with 775 of the pipeline in lives and 98% of the pipeline revenue in risk contracts.  Some additional potential opportunities relate to new products and initiatives, including our cardiology management and non-advanced imaging products management. Both of these initiatives are in rapidly growing areas of healthcare and these products, which leverage our core capabilities, have generated great interest. On the specialty pharma side, we continue to pursue additional rebate and distribution opportunities and interest in those products remains strong. As discussed earlier, we are excited about our opportunities to continue to grow and develop our oncology benefits management products. We also continue to be active in our search for acquisition opportunities to further grow and diversify our current healthcare product offerings. While we previously spoke about valuations continuing to remain high, we believe that these dynamics will likely be short lived and that we will have meaningful opportunities in the future.  Next, let me address recent legislative activities, specifically some of the healthcare reform initiatives under consideration, SCHIP, mental health parity and the recently passed economic stimulus package.  Regarding the Childrens Health Insurance Program Reauthorization Act of 2009, this legislation reauthorizes SCHIP through 2013 and includes key provisions to allocate funding for the program, expand coverage, and improve benefits. It also contains a provision that provides for mental health parity with medical benefits in SCHIP plans. While we dont expect this legislation to have any impact on our existing SCHIP membership or 2009 results, we believe there may be increased demand by states for the management of behavioral benefits for their growing population under these programs, thereby creating additional opportunity for us.  We have spoken in our previous calls about mental health parity. We are actively pursuing opportunities with states, health plans, and employers and have seen increased interest in this area as well. With respect to the economic stimulus plan and potential healthcare reform, we continue to monitor any legislation of actions and research them as they pertain to us. Let me now address a change to our Board of Directors. Earlier this week we announced that Steven Shulman resigned his position as Director and Chairman of the Board effective February 25. Over the past year Steve has continued to provide guidance and support to me as I transitioned into my role as CEO. Steves resignation comes at the one-year anniversary of his transition to Non-Executive Chair and he feels he is leaving the Company in good hands. All of us at Magellan and the Board thank him for his vision, leadership, and support during his career at Magellan and I am personally grateful to Steve for the partnership weve enjoyed over the course of the last 15 years and I wish him well. In this mornings press release we announced a few additional changes in the composition of our Board. As a result of his appointment as CEO of Coventry Health Care and the increased responsibilities associated with this position, Allen Wise has decided to resign from our Board. Allen has served diligently on our board since 2006 and has provided Magellan with his thoughtful counsel and guidance. I thank him for all of his efforts and wish him the best in his reentry as CEO of Coventry. Effective February 25, I am very pleased that Eran Broshy has agreed to join our Board. Eran is currently the Executive Chairman of inVentiv Health, a customized solutions company which provides outsourced services to pharmaceutical and life sciences companies. Eran led the Company for nine years as CEO through its initial public offering and built it into a $1.1 billion revenue company and the leading provider of commercialization and complimentary services to the global pharmaceutical and biotech industries. He brings many years of experience in healthcare consulting, biotechnology, and the pharma industry and I am very excited to have him joining our board.  With these changes the Board has appointed me Chairman of the Board and has decided to decrease its size from ten to nine members. As a result, we have one vacancy on the board which we are actively seeking to fill. We have assembled a strong group of Directors with significant experience in a wide variety of areas and I have the utmost confidence in its abilities. In closing, I want to reiterate our priorities for the coming year. Our focus on continued profitable growth for the Company spans many objectives including new business initiatives across our existing and emerging businesses. Stabilization and growth of our core behavioral health segment, continued diversification across customer and business lines and execution of our capital deployment strategy. We are committed to transforming the system of care in Maricopa County and continuing to deliver quality care to all the people we serve. I am confident that we will leverage all the strengths, talents, and focus of Magellan to ensure the successful execution of these priorities. I am very pleased and proud of our results and accomplishments in 2008 and look forward to a successful 2009. I will now turn the call over to the operator for questions. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Carl McDonald of Oppenheimer & Co. 
Carl McDonald - Oppenheimer & Co: Could walk through the timeline of the Medicaid radiology RFP that you want in terms of when you first came in contact with the customer, how long did the process last and contrast that with differences in time line for any customer that doesnt have any existing radiology arrangement.
Ren Lerer, M.D:  Sure. Again, you know one of our challenges Carl has been sort of the latency between initial discussions with the customer and then final approval. Weve been in discussions with this particular customer probably six to nine months before we were able to get a deal signed. Again, some of the key factors that have slowed us down with other customers relate primarily to IT technology issues, implementation issues, and obviously understanding data and being able to underwrite and price the information. I think, again, probably six to nine months ago between the time we had our initial discussion to the time we were able to sign a contract and then from that time probably three to four months to go live date, although depending on our level of comfort with where we are in negotiations, very often we will start implementations even before weve had a signed contract.
Carl McDonald - Oppenheimer & Co.:  As we look at the radiology pipeline today, its significant weighting of that to customers that dont have an existing radiology relationship today or is it more customers that do and are maybe looking for another option?
Ren Lerer, M.D: Its actually a mix. Its a mix of both customers who are currently ASO with us or with others as well as customers who are ASO with someone else, or have no RBM at all. So there isnt a single driver to that. Were seeing all different sorts of areas in the space. 
Carl McDonald - Oppenheimer & Co.:  My second question is around the cost of care trends in the quarter, were higher in basically all of the segments. Can you again walk through the unfavorable development in the quarter and how you are thinking about it in terms of continuing in, say, the commercial business versus some of the other segments where you would view it more as a one time.
Jonathan Rubin: I am assuming that youre referring primarily to commercial when you talk about the unfavorable development?
Carl McDonald - Oppenheimer & Co.:  Yes, it looked like the costs of care trends were higher in commercial radiology as well; maybe you can pick up a little bit in the public sector sequentially?
Jonathan Rubin: Okay, well in commercial in particular, as noted, the results include about $6 million of unfavorable prior period development. Now I view $1.5 million of that as being completely non-fundamental as that actually relates to an agreement we have with a customer to pay certain claims that date back to prior year. The balance of the prior period development relates, as noted, to the unfavorable development on the one risk contract that we discussed. I would look at that as really being attributable to second and third quarter restatement as weve really gotten our hands around the changes that took place with this customer through the course of the year. That would be the way that I would look at commercial and obviously that piece of it impacts our run rate, but as both Ren and I noted, were working with the customer and doing everything possible to correct that as we go forward.  In the other segment there isnt anything of great note. I mean in NIA we had for radiology about $1 million of unfavorable prior period development in the quarter, but again, I wouldnt look at that as fundamental in nature as that and actually even a little bit more than that came from a single customer and again related to claims that actually went back well into the contract period; so I would look at that, from a run rate standpoint, really as being non fundamental.  In public there really isnt any significant news. We had some favorable development in the quarter and other than that, Id look at the level of claims really being more based on seasonality.
Carl McDonald - Oppenheimer & Co.:  Okay great, thank you. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Gregory Nersessian of Credit Suisse.
Gregory Nersessian - Credit Suisse:  Following up on the last question, if I think about the right run rate for the commercial segment should I think about taking the 4Q number adding back the PPRD and the legal settlement? Is that fair run rate? Are you baking in any improvement on that one account into your 09 guidance?
Jonathan Rubin: Yes. I think if you want to look at the run rate in 2008, I think what you described, Greg, is accurate, that the prior period development in the one time legal expenses which total $8.5 million. In fact, it is representative, if you want to think about the run rate for the business coming out of the year.  As we talked about previously, going forward there is a couple of things that we are expecting with the commercial segment. One, we did have some lost business in the segment related to the termination of a Medicaid contract during the year as a result of one of our health plan customers withdrawing from a couple of markets. Also, as we noted, we are expecting some margin compression into next year in the segment. Then as I said in my remarks, we do expect that we will have some pressure, even with the actions that were implementing on the one risk contract that obviously has been problematic for us in the last quarter, we are implementing actions to improve that, although we do expect that there will still be some impact in 2009.
Gregory Nersessian - Credit Suisse:  Okay thats very helpful. Then my second question is do you expect there to be any material start up costs for this Medicaid NIA contract in the first quarter? In other words should we think about some earnings being moved from the first quarter to potentially later in the year due to that or how should we think about that?
Ren Lerer, M.D: Again, there is always some start up costs as it relates to network development or as it relates to administrative hooking ups. But when we put our guidance out in December and we talked about new business, you noted that the amount of the contribution from that new business in the first year is relatively low. So, we typically dont give that kind of guidance by quarter. But obviously, in the first year there are some expenses that are built into the guidance that relate to new business that we bring on. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Joshua Raskin - Barclays Capital.
Ray Win - Barclays Capital : This is Ray Win filling in for Josh. My question is in regards to your anticipation for the next Board meeting and maybe the potential for an increase in buy-back authorization?
Ren Lerer, M.D: We discuss all of our capital deployment strategies as we go. We have implemented the program, which is now about seven months ago, and put out again, as you saw in the discussion in the press release, a little over $151 million. As for future capital deployment strategies, theyll get discussed at each Board meeting and well bring up the topic then. Right now we have an authorization in place and thats what were acting on.
Ray Win - Barclays Capital :  Ive got it. Do you guys expect any underlying organic growth in the public sector from the Medicaid population?
Ren Lerer, M.D: Clearly given the economy and given whats going on in unemployment, we have begun to see, in certain communities, higher enrollment in the Medicaid population as well as state supported populations that may or may not be directly eligible for Medicaid, which in certain states we have responsibility for as well. In our forecast and in our guidance we typically dont include that growth unless its something that the state gives us and the state forecasts, we dont unilaterally forecast state Medicaid population changes. As they occur, obviously, if we are generating revenue from that well disclose it, but our guidance that we put out in December is reflective of our best information based on discussions with the states.
Ray Win - Barclays Capital :  I understand, thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Michael Baker of Raymond James & Associates. 
Michael Baker - Raymond James & Associates : Yes, Ren I was wondering if you could comment or provide a little more color on the Presidents budget, particularly in light of some specific developments around savings driven by radiology benefit management?
Ren Lerer, M.D: There are more than enough people commenting on the Presidents budget. Im not sure that I need to weigh in on that one.  In terms of radiology benefits management, clearly over the past year weve talked a lot about the fact that we think at some point Medicare will become more involved in using different RBM techniques in the management of RBM expenses. We did see this discussion of the $260 million in savings as a result of initiation of RBM activities by Medicare in the non-Medicare Advantage plans. As you know, weve had conversations on and off with CMS and others and were very active in the development of some of the programs that are being considered. We honestly dont know where the $260 million comes from, how its defined, but we are active in reviewing any potential pilots that may come out, any RPs that may come out potentially from the Feds and obviously have been very involved. We will watch it closely. If there is an opportunity for us we will bid, but specifically where their number came from, its really too early for us to understand that. 
Michael Baker - Raymond James & Associates :  I was wondering if you could do a quick post mortem on New Mexico. I know you guys were in the running for that, but you kind of cautioned about that being a different dynamic. I was just wondering at the end of it, what kept you away from it? What are your thoughts on that?
Ren Lerer, M.D: We thought this was going to be a tough battle for us and unfortunately it was, as we werent successful. As you know, Optum and United were successful. I think there are some active protests going on by some of the vendors, so its a little bit difficult for me to comment. We did look at the scoring. We havent seen pricing, thats not been released, so we dont know where we stood relative to pricing. On the scoring, we felt there were some wide disparities in scoring. Were not sure we understand all of that. Were trying to get a better handle from information as it gets released by the state. Again, its a disappointment for us, but its a little bit difficult, in retrospect, to know exactly what drove Uniteds success and our inability to succeed. 
Michael Baker - Raymond James & Associates :  Thank you, Ren, for your thoughts.  
Operator:  There are no further questions sirs. 
Ren Lerer, M.D:  Well thank you very much, operator. I would like to thank everyone for joining us today and for your continued interest in Magellan. We look forward to speaking to you in April when we will talk about our first quarters results. We wish you all a great weekend. Thank you.  
Operator:  This concludes todays conference.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Ed Kroll - Senior VP, Finance and Investor Relations  Michael Neidorff - Chairman and CEO
 - : Bill Scheffel - Executive VP, Specialty Business Unit Mark Eggert - Executive VP, Health Plans Jesse Hunter - Executive VP, Corporate Development
Analysts: Josh Raskin - Barclays Capital Brian Wright - Banc of America Tom Carroll - Stifel Nicolaus Greg Nersessian - Credit Suisse Carl McDonald - Oppenheimer Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank John Rex - JPMorgan Daryn Miller - Goldman Sachs Tom Carroll - Stifel Nicolaus
Operator: My name is Patrick and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Centene Corporation, Q3, 2008 conference call. All lines have placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question and answer session. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Ed Kroll.
Ed Kroll: Thank you, Patrick. I am Ed Kroll, Senior Vice President, Finance and Investor Relations at Centene Corporation. Thank you for joining our earnings call this morning. You should have a copy of the press release we issued this morning. If youve not received it, please call Libby Abelt at 212-759-5665 and a copy will be sent to you immediately. Michael Neidorff, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Eric Slusser, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Centene Corporation will host this morning's call. The call is expected to last approximately 45 minutes and may also be accessed through our website at www.centene.com. A replay will be available shortly after the call's completion, also on www.centene.com or by dialing 800-642-1687 in the United States and Canada or 706-645-9291 from abroad. The access code is 6347-1844. Any remarks that Centene may make about future expectations, plans and prospect, constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provision under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in Centene's Form 10-Q dated October 28th, 2008, today and other public SEC filings. Centene anticipates that subsequent events and developments will cause its estimates to change. While the Company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. With that, I would like to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Michael Neidorff.
Michael Neidorff: Thank you, Ed. Thank you for joining this mornings call. The start time of our earnings call today is back to our usual time of 8.30 am Eastern Time.  Our reporting date will remain in our historic pattern of the fourth Tuesday of the month, following the end of the quarter, except for the year-end call. We have posted these future Centene reporting dates on our website for your convenience and to avoid future conflicts. Before I comment on what we believe was a very solid quarter, I would like to offer some perspective on the US economy, financial system and state budgets. And how Centene's business model and long-term financial prospects will be affected by both. These are certainly extraordinary times that our nation is going through. Financial markets have been roiled to a degree unheard of for almost 80 years. The bursting of the housing bubble that has caused disruptions in our financial system, now seems to be pushing out our entire economy into a recession. State budgets have already been feeling the pressure of lower tax revenues in tougher times. What does this mean for a Medicaid-focused health plan company like Centene? In times like these, we can add the most value to our state partners by managing benefits and services effectively and efficiently. It means that our state customers need us more than ever to help stretch their budget dollars further. We are a lifeline, a safety net to insure the disadvantaged people and there will be more of these in a recession. Also entails access to quality healthcare services in the most efficient cost-effective manner. This is especially true in hard times. Our team is dedicated to providing better health outcomes at lower costs. This is not just a slogan. It is our mission statement. So we are rolling up our sleeves and we will continue to work to fulfill our mission by helping our state partners meet their healthcare obligations to their citizens with innovative new products like Foster Care among others. At the same time, we will make the case where appropriate and actuarially sound rates that along with good medical management and G&A efficiencies will enable us to produce consistent and adequate returns to our investors. As Eric will indicate in his comments shortly, our balance sheet is strong, our cash flow robust and we are well capitalized. Economic slowdowns are never fun, but our business model is build to grow in good and bad economic times and we expect to do so in 2009 and beyond. Now back to our third quarter results. We are pleased with the continued progress that our results show this quarter in terms of better medical management that drove an improved HBR and our operating cash flow, which continues to be robust with essentially all measures of earnings, quality favorable. It is gratifying to see the operating traction that our team has gained over the past two quarters and we are working hard to ensure these positive momentums will be maintained in 2009 and beyond. Our revenue growth was once again solid in Q3 at almost 20%; year-over-year and was mainly driven by full-risk enrollment growth that exceeded 10% on a year-over-year basis. Our Celtic acquisition and rate increases across our book of business added to this. On the subject of rate increases, we now have a fully-executed amended contract with the state of Georgia that is approved by CMS and is retroactive to July 1, 2008. So unlike last year, we will be able to fully recognize the first benefit of the first six months of the rate increases associated with the amended contract in the year it was intended for, in this case, 2008. Our consolidated HBR improved both on a sequential and year-over-year basis to 82.4%. In addition to the improved medical management I just mentioned, in Ohio we completed previously announced appropriate steps to improve our margins there. On July 1, we exited the Northwest region and we also streamlined our network in the Northeast by terminating a high unit cost provider. In addition, we have been rationalizing our provider network and we remain committed to serving a health access and management needs of our customers. But we are also committed to doing so in a manner within markets and with products that produce consistent and adequate returns for our investors. Next, Ill comment on our recent Celtic acquisition. After realizing an upstream dividend of just over $30 million concurrent with the July 1 close of the acquisition. Centenes net cash outlay for Celtic was approximately $50 million versus the originally announced $80 million purchase price. Our first quarter with Celtic as part of the Centene family is going smoothly and as expected. We continue to believe that this strategic acquisition, positions us to be a leader in stake-linked individual insurance program. Celtic gives us the ability to assist states with designing coverage solutions for individuals and families who will qualify for government-sponsored programs outside the traditional Medicaid system. To put this in perspective, while about 20% of the 47 million uninsured are Medicaid eligible, 80% or 38 million are not. Celtic completes our universal coverage solutions and provides Centene with the products and capabilities to address the full continuum of the uninsured regardless of income disparities. Celtic complements our existing Medicaid health system very nicely and offers new opportunities for our specialty businesses. Now, I'll briefly discuss Texas Foster Care. The second quarter of operation for our innovative Foster Care program is going quite well with enrollments slightly above our projections. We continue to book this program at a 90% HBR and our objectives are being met as we anticipate continued performance within our expectations. We're proud to have partnered with the State of Texas in creating this new operating model and its high-tech health passport, which allows providers and caseworkers to follow a child's medical care to a secure community health record. We foresee our Texas Foster Care effort as a template for possible future launches in other states. Our new Arizona contract commenced October 1 on schedule. The early status reports are consistent with our expectations. Before I turn the call over to Eric, let me revisit some important points about strategic fundamentals, I made at our Investment Day back in June. Centene's corporate strategy is based on a disciplined and sustainable approach. We remain focused and committed to enhancing profit margins to move back into our long-term target range of 4% to 6% on a pre-tax basis. We want to continue to diversify our markets and products and grow both, organically and through selective acquisitions. We will continue to provide guidance in a manner that minimizes volatility and enhances visibility. We appreciate your support and interest in our company. With that, I'll turn it over to Eric.
Eric Slusser: Thank you, Michael.. In summary, we're pleased with this quarter's financial performance largely driven by continued company-wide discipline, new business and HBR improvement. While we still have work to do to get our consolidated profit margin firmly within our 4% to 6% target range, we believe that we're starting to gain traction on achieving our margin goals. The groundwork we've laid in terms of better controls, new management additions and greater efficiencies are giving us confidence that we will achieve our margin goals and produce a more predictable profit stream going forward. Revenue, net of premium taxes, grew to $873.5 million, which represents 19.8% growth compared to the third quarter of 2007. This increase was driven by several factors. First, 2008 includes revenues from the April 1, 2008 startup of our Texas Foster Care contract; second, premium rate increases received in our health plans; third, membership growth in our Texas and Indiana markets; and finally, the recent acquisition and inclusion of Celtic in our financial statements. Celtic, which closed on July 1, 2008, is included in our Specialty Services segment. Revenue for the 2008 third quarter also benefited from a September 1 rate increase in Texas. Centene received a gross rate increase in Texas of approximately 4.85%. However, the majority of the rate increase was for State Fee Schedule changes. Centene's effective annual rate increase after State Fee Schedule changes was less than 1% across all products. Revenue for the 2008 third quarter does not include the effects of a planned Georgia rate increase that we had expected to be effective July 1st. The July 1st Georgia rate increase was approved subsequent to September 30 and, therefore, the associated revenue for the 2008 third and fourth quarters will be recorded in the fourth quarter of 2008. The amount of the annual rate increase after the effect of fee schedule changes was approximately 1.3%. Our consolidated HBR was 82.4% for the third quarter of 2008 compared to 83.4% in the 2007 third quarter, and 83.3% for the 2008 second quarter. The 100 basis point improvement in HBR year-over-year in the third quarter resulted primarily from increased premium yield across all health plans, better medical management results in Georgia and Ohio, the exit from Ohio's Northwest ABD region as of July 1st and the first time inclusion of Celtic, which operates at a lower HBR than our other existing businesses. The launch of Texas Foster Care adversely affected our year-over-year HBR comparison, as we book all new contracts at conservative HBR levels in their early stages. The April 1st launch of Texas Foster Care was very successful and it continued to perform in line with our expectations during the quarter. The Texas Foster Care program had approximately 34,100 members at the end of September 30, 2008, slightly above our expectations. The HBR improved 90 basis points sequentially from 83.3% in the 2008 second quarter to 82.4% in the 2008 third quarter. The sequential decrease is consistent with the year-over-year drivers of improvement and that it reflects moderating medical cost trends, focused medical management efforts in Ohio, the exit from Ohio's Northwest ABD region on July 1 and the acquisition of Celtic. In addition to the positive impacts from the exit of the Northwest ABD region in Ohio and the provider termination in the Northeast region, we're pleased that our medical management efforts have favorably impacted our HBR in Ohio in the third quarter. We experienced moderation in our medical costs for the quarter with our overall Ohio HBR improving from the second quarter. This drop in HBR was aided by an increase in our Northeast region risk score, as we are the only ABD plan in that region. We are in the process of working with the State in evaluating the proposed rate increases for January 1. We anticipate that we will be able to continue to operate effectively in Ohio. Turning to general and administrative expenses. The G&A ratio for the third quarter of 2008 was 14% compared to 13.7% in the third quarter of 2007. This 30 basis point increase in the G&A ratio is primarily due to the first time inclusion of Celtic, which carries a significantly higher ratio as a consumer-focused health carrier and certain ramp-up costs for our new Arizona contract were included in the quarter. The G&A ratio increased 50 basis points sequentially due to the same factors. Our third quarter investment and other income was $2.2 million, a decrease of $4.2 million over the 2007 third quarter and a decrease of $3.4 million sequentially. The sequential decrease in the third quarter was due to a loss on investments of $5.2 million. As previously announced in an October 14, 2008, press release and 8-K filing, the loss on investments represented less than 1% of Centene's investment portfolio as of September 30, 2008, and were primarily related to investments in the Reserve Primary money market fund whose Net Asset Value fell below $1.00 per share due to its holdings of securities of Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. Redemptions from the Reserve Primary Fund have not been distributed, but we expect to recover approximately 95% of our Reserve Primary Fund investments and have more than adequate liquidity to fund operations in the meantime. In addition to the $5.2 million loss on investments, the year-over-year decrease in investment income reflects overall declines in investment interest rates due to Federal Reserve actions offset by favorable earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries resulting from our investment in Access and overall higher investment portfolio balances. Our 2008 third quarter effective tax rate was 40.4%. The increased tax rate in the third quarter resulted from higher state taxes due to a change in the estimated benefit to be realized from certain state net operating loss carry forwards. Earnings per diluted share from continuing operations were $0.41 for the 2008 third quarter compared to $0.37 in 2007, an increase of 10.8%. As we previously disclosed, the $0.41 was reduced by $0.07 due to the $5.2 million loss on investments recorded in the third quarter. Balance sheet highlights at September 30, 2008 include cash and short-term investments of $435.7 million and long-term investments, including restricted deposits of $319.1 million. At September 30, 2008, our holdings in the Reserve Primary Fund are classified as short-term investments. These holdings are spread across several of our regulated subsidiaries as part of each subsidiary's diversified portfolio, negating liquidity concerns in any one subsidiary. At September 30, 2008, our investment portfolio consisted of approximately 53% high quality municipal securities; 19% money market funds; 12% of U.S. government or government-sponsored obligations; 11% investment-grade corporate fixed-income securities; and 5% of equity investments and insurance contracts. As we previously announced on October 14th, our current exposure to securities of financial services entities, such as banks, broker-dealers and other non-bank financial firms is approximately $15 million. Of this amount, less than $2 million represents securities of financial sector names that are experiencing unusually high levels of stress, idiosyncratic risk and/or funding pressures in the current market. We continue to monitor these securities for divestiture or impairment. At September 30, 2008, cash and investments held by our unregulated subsidiaries were $26.8 million. Our regulated cash and investments were $728 million. We have estimated our regulated capital and surplus to be at approximately 335% of risk-based capital or RBC requirements. Our total debt was $250 million and debt-to-total capitalization was 34.4%. Our medical claims liabilities totaled $379.9 million, representing 49.6 days in claims payable, an increase of 1.1 days from 48.5 days at June 30, 2008, mainly due to the Celtic acquisition. For the quarter, cash flows generated from operating activities were $39.8 million, approximately 2.2 times net earnings from continuing operations. That concludes my comments on our third quarter results. Before we open the call up for your questions, Id like to update our 2008 full year guidance. Despite the effects of the loss on investments in the third quarter, we will not revise the lower-end of our previous 2008 EPS guidance range. With one quarter of reporting left in 2008, we are tightening the previous EPS guidance range and we currently expect 2008 fully-diluted earnings per share to range from $1.87 to $1.92. We expect the revenue in the range of $3.39 to $3.41 billion net of premium taxes. For 2008, we continue to expect the consolidated HBR to range from 82% to 84%. Finally, I want to make a couple of comments about 2009. We plan to provide our 2009 financial guidance in December consistent with last year. We will be scheduling the guidance release call at a later date. I also want to remind everyone that the $20.8 million of premium revenue and $0.28 of diluted earnings per share that Centene realized in the 2008 first quarter from the 2007 Georgia retroactive rate increase should not be part of the 2008 earnings run rate that one would use as a starting point to develop 2009 financial estimates. And with that, we can open the call up to questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Josh Raskin from Barclays Capital. Your line is open.
Josh Raskin - Barclays Capital: Hi, thanks. Good morning.
Michael Neidorff: Good morning.
Josh Raskin - Barclays Capital: I am sorry, Michael. Good morning. Eric, you mentioned the Georgia retro rate increase, so you are going to get two quarters of revenue in the fourth quarter. Obviously, that all pertains to this year. So, I would consider that run rate for the year, but what is the expected impact in terms of revenues and EPS for the fourth quarter?
Eric Slusser: I think on a gross basis, the per quarter revenue is around $3 million a quarter on a gross and remember in my discussion, I gave you the net impact. That equates to around $0.02 per quarter EPS.
Josh Raskin - Barclays Capital: Okay, perfect. I will figure out the math later. In terms of the Celtic acquisition, is there anyway to quantify some of the impact in the quarter in terms of maybe a revenue number? Obviously, an MLR would be great, even a pretax contribution and if it was accretive.
Eric Slusser: Yes, let me start with revenue. Revenue for the quarter was around $21 million. As we previously disclosed, we did not expect this thing to have a significant earnings impact. However, I will tell you it was profitable in the quarter. The MLR runs at a much different level in the 65% to 66% range in the individual business and as I indicated before, the G&A runs significantly higher primarily because they pay commissions, which are included in G&A.
Josh Raskin - Barclays Capital: Okay. Okay.
Michael Neidorff: See, I would say, Josh, it is meeting our expectations.
Josh Raskin - Barclays Capital: Okay, so everything is coming in line at this point?
Michael Neidorff: Yes.
Josh Raskin - Barclays Capital: Then just one last question on the investment portfolio; was there any unrealized loss position at the end of September, other than, obviously, the realized amount that you got?
Eric Slusser: Yes. Well, there is actually unrealized loss and we have a net unrealized gain. We actually disclosed this in our Form 10-Q this time in the footnotes given the sensitivity around this area. So, you will find a full disclosure in there.
Josh Raskin - Barclays Capital: Got you.
Eric Slusser: With the unrealized gains, unrealized losses, they net to about $0.5 million positive, unrealized gains.
Josh Raskin - Barclays Capital: Well, okay. Okay, that is very helpful. Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Wright from Banc of America.
Brian Wright - Banc of America: Thanks. Good morning. Could you update us on the number of Celtic members?
Eric Slusser: Yes, it is right at around 30,000.
Brian Wright - Banc of America: Great and then I have just one quick question on the premium taxes in the quarter. Why is it higher in the medical cost side than on the revenue side?
Eric Slusser: Yes, that actually has to do with Celtic also. Celtic, because they are not funded by a state, they do not have premium tax revenue. However, they do pay a premium tax expense. So, with the inclusion in Celtic in our financials now, you are always going to have a slightly different amount on the expense side.
Brian Wright - Banc of America: Okay, great.
Michael Neidorff: Brian, in the interest of transparency with Celtic in these economic times, you will find that the membership is constant and growing, but they are selling less expensive products. So, that is why you will see where the membership can grow, but the revenue will be impacted.
Brian Wright - Banc of America: So the PMPMs will probably be coming down then?
Michael Neidorff: Well, I think they have to the level that there will be, but in terms of creating the expectation, its membership is solid, but the product mix changes based on the economic times.
Brian Wright - Banc of America: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom Carroll from Stifel Nicolaus. Your line is open.
Tom Carroll - Stifel Nicolaus: Hi, good morning. A couple of quick questions. Could you tell us what your starting point in terms of enrollment is in your new Arizona business? Secondly, as we start to think about next year, what is the status of the Texas EPO business that you have had for a couple of years? Do you have a sense of what Texas wants to do with that into next year?
Michael Neidorff: Yes, I will talk about the membership. It is about 14,000 lives is the starting point. The EPO is out, an RFP is required. It will be our business through 2009 and they are talking about an effective date for the new contract, probably Q2 of '10. They are talking about, possibly two participants as opposed to one, but that is still yet to be determined. So we are responding to the RFP. We have a strong history having done well there with providers in the state and we are confident we will continue to be a strong participant, Tom, beyond 2009.
Tom Carroll - Stifel Nicolaus: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg Nersessian from Credit Suisse.
Greg Nersessian - Credit Suisse: Hi, good morning.
Michael Neidorff: Morning.
Greg Nersessian - Credit Suisse: My first question was actually on US Script. The cost of services line this quarter declined sequentially to 71%. I usually look at this as a percentage of the service fees. It was 78% in the prior quarter, but there was a decline in the third quarter last year as well. Just wondering, is there a seasonality to that ratio and on that business, what is an appropriate run rate for maybe pretax contribution from US Script going forward?
Michael Neidorff: Why do not you ask Bill Scheffel on that?
Bill Scheffel: Yes, I do not think we really give numbers on the pretax contributions by subsidiary, but the basic difference in the cost of services between quarters is a slight decrease in the external customer's revenue and there is some seasonality to that, but some of that is just the loss of a few customers.
Greg Nersessian - Credit Suisse: The actual ratio declined significantly, sequentially. So does that mean you are losing some of the higher cost customers or is that a seasonal effect?
Bill Scheffel: There could be seasonality to what the margins are by quarter and it is the brand and generic splits.
Greg Nersessian - Credit Suisse: Okay. Then it looks like you have maybe a little under $70 million of debt out on your revolver. It sounds from your press release that maybe you are more inclined to use the excess capital to buy back stock. Could you talk of maybe a little bit of capital deployment and your thought process between buying stock or paying down some of your debt?
Eric Slusser: Yes. Well first, the comment about the outstanding revolver is approximately $40 million. You have our bonds and our debt portfolio of 175. We have some small real estate loans.
Greg Nersessian - Credit Suisse: Okay.
Eric Slusser: Then the revolver is right at $40 million.
Greg Nersessian - Credit Suisse: Okay.
Eric Slusser: Deployment of capital in this environment, we talked about how we are deploying capital at our Investor Day and how we are continuing to monitor. As we said there, we believe we have sufficient cash flow to fund all of our internal capital requirements and any small acquisitions that we might make. There has really been no change in that plan. We believe we have access to funds through our revolver as needed and again sufficient cash flow for operating purposes moving forward in this environment.
Greg Nersessian - Credit Suisse: Okay. Looking at the claims inventory data that you provide, it looks like the average inventory increased significantly on a sequential basis. The period-end inventory actually declined. So, was there a significant paydown of Celtic claims during the quarter and how might that have impacted cash flow?
Eric Slusser: There has been no significant paydown per se of Celtic claims. It fluctuates quarterly, but really nothing specific. We have had no reduction of claims reserves as we talked about in the days claims payable. Celtic does run a much higher days claims payable, upwards of around 90 which is what drives the impact in the days.
Greg Nersessian - Credit Suisse: Okay. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carl McDonald from Oppenheimer.
Carl McDonald - Oppenheimer: Thank you. First question was just around the capital in terms of what you expect from subsidiary dividends in 2009 and what you think you will actually have to use from a deployment perspective, net of what needs to stay in the sets for the enrollment growth.
Eric Slusser: Yes, as far as 2009, we have not made any decisions around dividends. In 2008, we had basically two dividends, a $17 million dividend from Wisconsin and then the dividend that Michael referred to from Celtic post-closing of approximately $31 million. Again, we do not necessarily anticipate them at this point for '09, but we will look at activity across the business and make those determinations as necessary next year.
Carl McDonald - Oppenheimer: Then second question concerns an update on the systems. I will call it a conversion exactly, but where do we stand there?
Eric Slusser: Yes and I talked about this at the Investor Day. So, let me set the framework of that. At that time, we talked about really three operating systems projects that we had either started or were getting ready to start. The first of those was a new provider contracting system which was underway and was being essentially implemented at the time in the first market, first one of our business markets. The second system was a new provider data management system, which was really just in the early planning stages at that time. The third is our MSS, what we call upgrade and conversion of multiple versions down to a single version, which at the time was in the very, very early starting phases. Initially, when we looked at these, had talked about a completion somewhere around mid-2009. As we have gotten into this and we have looked at it, especially around the MSS upgrade project and look at how these three big projects intersect with each other, how they impact the business in order to ensure a successful implementation of all of these and minimize the risk on the business. We have pushed the timeline out for the MSS upgrade where some of the smaller markets will now be pushed out to the first half of 2010.
Carl McDonald - Oppenheimer: Of those 14 systems that you started with, where are you at this point?
Eric Slusser: Well, the MSS is still in the planning phase. We started that, the literally the planning which involves a lot of different components of this project and so that was just started at around the Investor. So, we still in the planning and design. There have been no implementations at this point.
Michael Neidorff: It was important, Carl. We learned a long time ago it is not how fast, but how well, and we are going to do it market-by-market as opposed to try and do a full, one-time system. Some of you will remember when some other companies tried that. They threw the switch and the lights dimmed. So, we are being very cautious and being fairly upfront. So, it may take an extra six months, but we are confident it will be done that much better.
Carl McDonald - Oppenheimer: Great. Thank you.
Michael Neidorff: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Fidel from Deutsche Bank.
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank: Thanks and good morning. 
Michael Neidorff: Hi.
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank: First question, it just looks like Indiana enrollment showed a pretty nice spike sequentially, up around 7%. Any particular factors driving the enrollment increase there and have you essentially completed the corrective action plan that you had around some of the provider re-contracting in that market?
Michael Neidorff: I will ask Mark Eggert to respond to that.
Mark Eggert: Yes, we have made a concerted push for membership growth in Indiana and it is primarily driven by reaching out to additional primary care providers and contracting with them.
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank: Was that in any particular regions of the state or pretty much across the state?
Mark Eggert: Across the state, a little more in the South, but across the state.
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Then just on the capital position. Eric, do you have the actual absolute numbers in terms of where your total capital stands and then relative to that minimum statutory requirement? Just to clarify; concerning the 335% of minimum RBC; was that at the end of the third quarter or is that your expectation for the end of the year?
Eric Slusser: No, that was at the end of the third quarter measured at September 30.
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Then any color on the absolute numbers?
Eric Slusser: The actual numbers were $368 million.
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank: Of total capital or excess?
Eric Slusser: Statutory capital.
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Okay and then just a question, on '09 you are not giving guidance yet. Do you have any visibility into essentially how many of your member months or your states, at this point have established the rates for 2009?
Eric Slusser: At this point, as I mentioned in my script, the only ones that we are having early discussion with at this point is Ohio given the circumstances there. Beyond that, we have no visibility into any other '09 rates at this time.
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank: Then, just one last question around Ohio sticking in the Northeast ABD market. Have you had a chance to look at essentially how your membership profile in that market compared to WellPoint and WellCare were both exiting, do you expect any real shifts in the demographics of the members or do you think all three of those books look pretty similar?
Michael Neidorff: I think, let Mark add to this, but as per the remaining plan, they now have fee for service and ourselves right, Mark?
Mark Eggert: Correct, that is correct.
Michael Neidorff: So, that a lot of that membership probably shifted to the fee-for-service, which is fine.
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Rex from JPMorgan.
John Rex - JPMorgan: Good morning. Just thinking about the '08 run rate again. So your comments on Georgia retroactivity, are there any other items that you would spike out in terms of headwinds, tailwinds and thinking about the appropriate run rate for '08. So that has become maybe a drag from Texas or Arizona startup systems integrations. Anything that you would spike out there?
Eric Slusser: No, everything is assumed in the guidance range that we have revised. I would think if you would look at third quarter, obviously, you have got the $0.07 you are going to add back. I think this one-time tax NOL would come out of a run rate type of calculation. Then obviously, the shifting of the impact of Georgia from Q3 to Q4, you would take that into account. Then finally, then you have got to take in seasonality of the fourth quarter against that run rate number.
John Rex - JPMorgan: Would you pull out any drag from Texas or Arizona startup for '08?
Eric Slusser: Yes, Arizona was so insignificant and Texas has been started, so it is just not a significant impact.
John Rex - JPMorgan: Okay. Great.
Michael Neidorff: As we have talked about, John in the past, the smaller opportunities we are building into our planning process and we have heard what people said. So, within our numbers, it is planned and it is there.
Eric Slusser: I just want to make one other comment. I have seen some of the items this morning and I understand in some of the comments, my revised guidance was $1.87 to $1.92. Given the $0.07 impact people have taken and added $0.07 to that, I understand how they got there. I just want to remind everyone that when we post year-end results, if you keep those upper guidance ranges that have added $0.07 to my number, you will need to add that $0.07 to my annual results to compare to your range.
John Rex - JPMorgan: All right. Okay and so given what you have said and how you have guided for the 4Q, we should be thinking about your run rate for the '08 as around $1.70 or so. Does that sound about right?
Eric Slusser: That would probably include the $0.07. You have got to take the $0.07 out I think. I guided to $1.87 to $1.92 all in.
John Rex - JPMorgan: Okay and I am pulling out the Georgia retroactivity.
Eric Slusser: Yes, I understand.
John Rex - JPMorgan: Okay. Okay and then if you think about opportunities for '09 that you are looking at, maybe I would actually appreciate just a little color on some of the things you are seeing for '09. Then in light of the current economic environment, are you still comfortable with your 15% to 20% long-term growth outlook?
Michael Neidorff: I will ask Jesse to respond to that. Jesse?
Jesse Hunter: Yes and I think I will take the second one first. We talked at the Investor Day about our long term view of 15% plus growth and we have continued to spend a good amount of time focusing on that. I think we have talked before about where we are with respect to that target based on the things that we know today. So, we continue to be targeting 15% growth and that is true in '09 and we will continue to target that thereafter. In terms of opportunities, I think Michael alluded to some of this in his opening comments. On the development side, we certainly see this as an opportunity. I think the pain that states our feeling on the economic side today is going to, I think create more demand for our products and services going forward. So, I think some of those things will have a little bit longer time horizon on them. I think we certainly are continuing to pursue discussions with our existing state customers and potential new state customers based on the broad array of products and services that we can provide. We are excited about the prospects that they can provide. Not necessarily how we get there, but I think we are excited about where we could end up.
John Rex - JPMorgan: Okay, thanks.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your next question comes from the line of Daryn Miller from Goldman Sachs.
Daryn Miller - Goldman Sachs: Good morning.
Michael Neidorff: Good morning.
Daryn Miller - Goldman Sachs: Eric, question for you. I know we saw improvement in Ohio. Can you provide a little bit of color just in terms of sequentially how much MCR improvement we saw?
Eric Slusser: Yes, give me a minute here. I will give you a little bit of color on that. On a HBR percentage, we are down. We saw a fairly significant improvement from Q2, around 300 basis points.
Daryn Miller - Goldman Sachs: Great. Then, can you provide any updated expectations in terms of enrollment in South Carolina and Florida for year end?
Mark Eggert: Yes, I think for Florida, we are still in the discussions with the states and not prepared to comment on that given the status of those discussions with respect to year end. South Carolina, we are just under 27,000 at-risk, full-risk lives. In the third quarter, we expect to continue to see modest, consistent growth on that number going forward. I think we have talked before about long-term targets in South Carolina, 10% to 15% of market and I think we continue to be comfortable with those long-term targets.
Daryn Miller - Goldman Sachs: Would the actual enrollment number be at 10% to 15%?
Mark Eggert: Well, the total market there is approximately 650,000.
Daryn Miller - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Jesse, another question just as we look at some of the opportunities you see maybe with existing state customers or new states. Can you spike out some of the more interesting or likely opportunities you see one to two years out?
Jesse Hunter: Not anything that would wet your appetite. I think the one thing that I would continue to say, consistent with what we have talked about at Investor Day, the demand that we see from our state customers is more focused around the higher cost populations.  So, I think we continue to see opportunities on the managed ABD and long term care side. That is an opportunity in a number of our existing markets and I think we are seeing that in new potential markets as well.
Daryn Miller - Goldman Sachs: Do you think we are more likely to see that in your existing states?
Jesse Hunter: I think that is a pretty broad demand that we are seeing at this point.
Ed Kroll: This will be the last one, operator.
Operator: All right, your last question comes from the line of Tom Carroll from Stifel Nicolaus.
Tom Carroll - Stifel Nicolaus: Hi, just a quick follow up on Greg's question. I think it was on the claims inventory. If I look back to 2007 and look at the trend from second into third quarter, your average inventory of claims rose sizably last year as well as it did this year. So, could you chat about what seasonally is creating that increase in the average inventory? Is it an average dollar size per claim that maybe hits a certain threshold that causes you to pend it to evaluate them a little further or something like that?
Eric Slusser: Well, I can speak to this year. Certainly, growth of business and membership drives this, but we did see a spike in pends this quarter. With the implementation of the NPI process, we saw a significant number of providers that had challenges filing claims under the new NPI process that went into effect in the late part of the second quarter. As a result of that, we saw a significant spikes in pends and pend activity. So, that is attributable to the issue here in this quarter along, well like I said with just general increases because of membership increases.
Tom Carroll - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. So, you would not suggest that the average dollar value per claim has gone up by some unusually large percent?
Eric Slusser: No.
Michael Neidorff: No, we would not.
Tom Carroll - Stifel Nicolaus:  Okay, thank you.
Michael Neidorff: Thank you, everyone for participating and your interest and we will see you on the first weekend of February on our year end call. First Tuesday. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-22 08:00:00) =====
Executives:  Michael Neidorff - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Eric Slusser - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Edmund Kroll - Senior Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations
Analyst: Joshua Raskin - Lehman Brothers Tom Carroll - Stifel Nicolaus Darren Miller - Goldman Sachs Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank North America Carl McDonald - Oppenheimer & Co Greg Nersessian - Credit Suisse John Rex - J.P. Morgan Matt Perry - Wachovia Capital Market 
Operator:  Good morning. My name is Crystal, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Centene Corporation Q2 2008 Financial Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Edmund Kroll, Senior Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations for Centene Corporation. Please go ahead sir.
Edmund Kroll: Thank you Crystal and good morning everyone. I am Ed Kroll, Senior Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations for Centene Corporation. Thank you for joining our earnings call for Q2 this morning. You should have a copy of the press release that weve issued this morning. If you have not received it, please call Libby Abelt in our New York office at 212-759-5665 and it will be sent to you immediately. Michael Neidorff, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Eric Slusser, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Centene Corporation, will host this mornings call. The call is expected to last about 45 minutes and may also be accessed through our website at www.centene.com. A replay will be available shortly after this calls completion, also on our website at centene.com or by dialing 800-642-1687 in the U.S. and Canada or 706-645-9291 from abroad and entering the access code 51471537. Any remarks that Centene may make about future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provision under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in Centenes Form 10-Q dated today July 22, 2008, and other public SEC filings. Centene anticipates that subsequent events and developments will cause its estimates to change. While the company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. With that I will turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO Michael Neidorff. Michael?
Michael Neidorff: Thank you Ed. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining this morning's call. The start time of our earnings call today is 30 minutes earlier than as usual for Centene. As was the case in Q1 we changed it to avoid scheduling conflicts and accommodate our stock holders, other investors and analysts. We expect to return to our usual time next quarter. We were pleased with the progress our Q2 results show, especially at the HBR line. Our goal is to continue to make our earnings growth more predictable and visible to you while maintaining an appropriate level to top line growth. Our team is focused on enhancing profit margins to move us back into our long-term target range of 4% to 6% on a pre-tax basis. Our disciplined portfolio approach to managing our existing and potential growth opportunities should, at the time allow us to continue to fully participate in the growth as a Managed Medicaid category.  To emphasize these points, I want to reaffirm some strategic comments I made at our investment day last month. Centenes corporate strategy is based on a disciplined and sustainable approach. We remained focused on margin expansion, diversification of our product line and built organic growth and grow through selective acquisitions. We are committing to long-term investors who recognized we have a long run way for our business model.  However, we do recognize that the market in the street sensitivity to the short-term and we will provide guidance in the manner that minimizes volatility and enhances visibility. I will briefly review the highlights of the quarter and then turn the call over to Eric for his comments on the financials. Consistent with our policy over the last several quarters, we have the members of our senior management team available to answer your questions following our comments.  As we have indicated on our Q1 conference call, we have taken aggressive and appropriate actions in Ohio to improve the margins in our ABD population. On July 1, we excited the northwest region and we also streamlined our network in the northeast by terminating a high unit cost provider. In addition we are nationalizing our provider networks in the remaining regions. Were pleased with our Ohio margin improvement in the second quarter, plus we also believed that an improved rate structure in that State is necessary to ensure appropriate access and outcomes for beneficiaries and in the long-term success of the program  Eric will speak more fully to this, in his comments. We remained committed to serving the health access and management needs of our customers, but we are also committed to doing so in a manner with in-markets and with products that produce consistent and adequate returns for our investors. Next Ill comment on the status of the Foster Care initiative and the Celtic Insurance acquisition. On April 1, we commenced operations under our Texas Foster Care contract. The launch has run smoothly and the contract performed as expected in Q2 including membership of approximately 32,000 at June 30, which is within the expected range of 29,000 to 32,000. It is important that you know, you should expect to see movement up and down within that range. On July 31, we closed the acquisition of Celtic Group, Inc. for $80 million, which was partially funded to our $300 million credit facility. Importantly, Centene received regulatory approvals from the Illinois division of insurance to realize an extraordinary dividend of about $31.4 million from the Celtic and still maintain a very conservative capital structure. This dividend as paid down our revolver balance. So, on a net or cash-on-cash basis, the actual cash outlay for Celtic was approximately $48.6 million. This transaction is an important strategic move for us. It is become clear in the current political environment that a mixture of public and private based coverages and those initiatives will emerge as State and Federal workers and State Governments diligently work to address the issue of the countrys $47 million uninsured.  This critical issue will remain a top priority for our nation, regardless of the outcome of the 2008 general election. Celtic gives us the ability to assist states with designing coverage solutions for individuals and families who will qualify for government sponsored programs outside the traditional Medicaid system.  To put this in perspective, well about 20% of the 47 million uninsured are Medicaid eligible, 80% or 38 million are not. Celtic completes our universal coverage solution and provides Centene with the products and capabilities to address the full continuum of the uninsured regardless of income disparities. So the complements, our existing Medicaid health plans very nicely and offers new growth opportunities for our specialty businesses. We were also pleased at Fred Manning and his entire teams are remaining in place as we build to business. Let me comment on a couple of other highlights. Our positive enrollment momentum in South Carolina continues. We are now approved in 39 of 46 counties and have 22,500 risk lives, giving us the number two market share on an address basis, number one, among our probably traded peers. We continue to work with a provider community to expand our presence into the seven remaining counties. We are focused on the strong operational execution for the members we currently serve and are prepared for continuing membership growth in South Carolina. In Florida, weve remained pleased with the performance of our investment in Access Health Solutions, which has growing its membership approximately 10% since our initial investment. We continue to work closely with the regulators on a license ship process and expect to receive all necessary approvals in 2008. We look forward to the start of our new plan in Arizona on October 1. Were proud to have been selected as the only new entrant in this re-procurement. This is the third contract award for Centene by the state of Arizona, our Bridgeway unit county provides long-term care services in the Maricopa and Yuma, La Paz service areas, and its a protocol behavioral-health of Arizona currently provides behavioral-health services in Yuma, La Paz Pinal and Gila counties. Finally in Georgia, the state appears to be breaking good progress on finalizing our rate increase for this fiscal year ending June 30, 2009. The proposed rate has been submitted to CMS for approval, which did not occur last year until November put in the state well ahead of last years rate time table. With that Ill turn the call over to Eric.
Eric Slusser: Thank you Michael, and good morning everyone. Before I recap the highlights of the 2008 second quarter, I would like to remind you that the first quarter 2008 results included $20.8 million of premium revenue and $0.28 of diluted earnings per share for the retroactive 2007 rate increases and adjustments in Georgia. This is important to keep in mind when comparing our sequential quarter performance. Now I will discuss the second quarter results.  In summary, we are pleased with the quarters financial performance, largely driven by continued company-wide discipline HBR improvement and new business initiatives. While we still have work to do to get our consolidated profit margin firmly within our 4% to 6% target range. The ground work we have laid in terms of better controls, new management additions and greater efficiencies is increasingly given us confident that we will their and producing a more predictable profit strain going forward. Revenue, net of premium taxes grew to 837.9 million, which represents 18.4% growth compared to the second quarter of 2007. This increase was primarily driven by three main factors.  First; the April 1 2008, startup of our new Texas Foster Care contract, Second; rate increases in our health plans especially in Georgia and finally, membership growth in our Texas, South Carolina and Ohio markets. Our reported consolidated health benefits rate ratio or HBR as we call it was 83.3% for the second quarter of 2008 compared to 83.6% in the 2007 second quarter and 85.2% for the 2008, first quarter after adjusting the 2008 first quarter for the effect of the previously mentioned Georgia rate increase. Including the effect of the Georgia rate increase, our reported first quarter HBR was 83%. The improved HBR year over and year in the second quarter resulted primarily from better medical management result in Georgia and rate increases across all health plans. Partially offset by the results from our Ohio ABD markets and the commencement of our Texas Foster Care contract in the second quarter. The April 1, launch of the Texas Foster Care was very successful and performed inline with our expectations during the second quarter. Total Foster Care membership at June 30, was approximately 32,000 members. We are monitoring the program diligently to ensure strong performance and working closely with state agencies to identify and address any issues. We expect Foster Care membership to fluctuate from period to period within a range of 29,000 to 33,000 members due to volatility and the eligibility enrollment process which is not uncharacteristic of a new program. When you exclude the Georgia rate increase recorded in the first quarter of 2008, we had sequential improvement in our HBR. The HBR improvement reflects our ongoing medical management efforts in Ohio, slightly offset by the launch of Texas Foster Care. The launch of Texas Foster Care adversely affected our sequential HBR comparison as we booked all new contracts at conservative HBR levels in their early stages. In addition, we saw not only expected seasonality during the first quarter, but also a very tough flu season that subsided in April, all of which contributed to a higher HBR in the first quarter. As Michael indicated, we have taken the previously disclosed actions with respect to ABD operations in the Ohio market. First, effective June 30, we exuded the Northwest region of Ohio were reserved approximately 3,600 ABD members at June 30. Second, in the Northeast region we terminated a high unit cost provider and now perform our onsite case reviews at all hospitals in the region along with taking other medical management steps to reduce cost and utilization. The provider termination resulted in the loss of approximately 1,200 ABD lives in the Northeast region, but has had a positive impact on HBR for the region. In addition to the Northwest exit and the Northeast provider termination, we are pleased that our medical management efforts in Ohio have favorably impacted our HBR in the second quarter, where we saw a significant reduction in the HBR versus the first quarter of 2008. Ohio is a very important and valued customer for Centene, but the rate environment in the State remains challenging. We believe that improved rates for the January 1, 2009 contract cycle, will be needed to booster our margins to an appropriate level. We look forward to continuing to work with the state on this matter. Turning to our general and administrative expenses, the G&A ratio for the second quarter of 2008 was 13.5% compared to 14.4% in the second quarter of 2007. This 90 basis point decrease in the G&A ratio reflects our continued focus on better leveraging and reducing G&A cost. You should note that the first quarter of 2008 G&A ratio of 12.5% benefited from the positive effect of the previously mentioned Georgia rate increased reported in the first quarter. Our 2008 second quarter investment and other income was $5.6 million, a decrease of $1 million over the 2007 second quarter and a decrease of $2.2 million sequentially. As we indicated on our first quarter conference call, we expected lower investment yield as a result of actions taken by the Federal Reserve. Our 2008 second quarter effective tax rate was 38.2%. The lower first quarter tax rate of 37.3% resulted from some onetime state tax credits received in the quarter. The second quarter tax rate of 38.2% has returned to a normalized level. Earnings per diluted share from continuing operations were $0.41 for the 2008 second quarter compared to $0.23 in 2007 an increase of 78%. Balance sheet highlight at June 30, 2008 include cash and short-term investments of $427 million and long-term investments including the restricted deposits of $282.9 million. Our June 30, 2008 cash and investments held by our unregulated subsidiaries were $29 million. Our total debt was $222.1 million and debt to total capitalization was 32.6%. Our medical claims liabilities totaled $363.7 million at June 30 representing 48.5 days in claims payable, a decrease of 0.8 days from 49.3 days at March 31, 2008. The decline was driven primarily by the change in our provider bonus accruals in the second quarter and overall reduction in claims inventory this quarter and the impacts from bringing on Texas Foster Care, where the program runs at a lower days claims payable than the Centene average. For the quarter cash flows generated from operating activities were $60 million, approximately 3.3 times net earnings from continuing operations. During the second quarter, we changed our banks use for short-term cash management and money mark - market fund investing effectively separating it from our bank that handles our operating accounts, because of the management and operating accounts are with separate banks, cheques that have been issued, but not yet presented to our banks for payment are required to be reclassified to accounts payable under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, this reclassification creates a onetime positive impact, the cash flow from operations of approximately $28.9 million.  Ill now make some brief comments on the rate outlook. First weve received supplementary rate adjustments in Ohio effective July 1, of approximately 3.5% for our remaining ABD members and approximately 5% for our CFC population. The ultimate effect of these higher rates was a net increase of approximately 0.9% for ABD and 0.3% for CFC since most of the increase was absorbed by provider pass-through, benefit enhancements and premium tax increases. We estimate the pretax earnings impact from the rate increases to be approximately $250,000 per month.  Finally, we are in on going rate discussion with the state of Georgia for the July 1 2008, through June 30 2009 contract year, and the process is significantly ahead of the prior year. We understand that the drop rates have been submitted to CMS for approval, but it would be premature to speculate on the timing of the rates being finalized. Until the rates are finalized we cannot comment on the impact of integrated any rate increase other than we expect the increase to be retroactive back to July1. That concludes my comments on our second quarter results. Before we open the call up for your questions, I would like to update you on our 2008 full year guidance. As a reminder we discussed on our last quarterly call that we have change our guidance policy and no longer issue quarterly guidance. We will continue to issue annual guidance and updated it as needed. For the full-year 2008, we are increasing our revenue guidance and maintaining our previous earnings per share guidance.  We expect revenue in the range of $3.36 billion to $3.41 billion net of premium taxes and earnings per share of $1.87 to $1.97. The change to revenue guidance results primarily from the Celtic acquisition and the new Arizona contract. As we indicated previously, we do not expect Celtic to have a material impact on earnings in 2008. Earnings from the Arizona contract in the fourth quarter are offset by third quarter startup cost for the market. For 2008, we continue to expect the consolidated HBR to range from 82% to 84%, and with that, we will open the call up to questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Josh Raskin, with Lehman Brothers.
Joshua Raskin - Lehman Brothers: Good morning Michael. Two questions for you, one the Texas membership even if I take out, the sequential increase from the Foster Care, I think it was that total of 58,000 it sounds like 32 of that was Foster Care, that looked a lot stronger than we were looking for, what were some of the drivers for the Texas growth?
Michael Neidorff: Eric, you want to pick out some of that.
Eric Slusser: Other than Foster Care most of the membership growth was in shift in care needs, it was strong. 
Michael Neidorff: The EPO product showed a lot of growth.
Joshua Raskin - Lehman Brothers: But there was no change in sort of the competitive landscape or anything like that in the environment that you could point to?
Michael Neidorff: No.
Joshua Raskin - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Second question just on, Foster Care, you had mentioned obviously the impact on the HBR, as you look through to conservative levels. I think youve talked about sort of that 90% range, back when we were talking about Georgia in the first couple of our quarters. Is this fair to say that Foster Care somewhere in that ballpark?
Eric Slusser: No, weve booked at 90%. Thats pretty much our model -- dont go with your X, would we expect to book any new products less than 90%. So, thats kind of the. models we used for the first six months till we get adequate claims experience.
Joshua Raskin - Lehman Brothers: And then just last question on the increase in revenues, how much of that is Arizona versus Celtic?
Eric Slusser: Estimated about, we took it up $60 million its about a 48, then 10--50 to 10 type split.
Joshua Raskin - Lehman Brothers: 50 to 10 okay
Eric Slusser:   50 to Celtic, 10 to Arizona approximately
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom Carroll with Stifel Nicolaus.
Tom Carroll - Stifel Nicolaus:
 :
Eric Slusser: A couple of things, starting with Foster Care, I think it would just be Tom, very premature to make any assumptions based on 45 days of claims dated thats coming to the shop by this point in time. So, really I think its just way too early. The only thing I can tell you is that we have our passport products, which is the electronic medical records and the number of hits we seeing on that, says its working very well for us in that regards. 
 : The providers are using it. We see as a very passive indication that  that the structure is appropriate.
Tom Carroll - Stifel Nicolaus: The providers are using it. We see as a very passive indication that  that the structure is appropriate.
Eric Slusser: The providers are using it. We see as a very passive indication that  that the structure is appropriate.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Darren Miller with Goldman Sachs.
Darren Miller - Goldman Sachs: Eric, I wanted to get just a little color in terms of how much the Ohio market improved on an MCR basis and then maybe if you could spike out how much of that was improvement, because first quarter had flu and then how much is due to some of the efforts that youve being doing to that market?
Eric Slusser: Yeah, as we look at it, measuring the impact of flu was very difficult, so trying to quantify that is next to just about impossible. What I can tell you is quarter-over-quarter the HBR improved in the 10 percentage points range. So using the example that if was a 130 average last quarter, its down to 93 this quarter, those werent the actual numbers, but it lets you understand what I meant by percentage points. We did see a pretty substantial reduction. Certainly there was seasonality in the first quarter.  We see it and we see it every year, we saw the flu season, but we believe that giving the level of focus and the new medical management efforts, the termination of the region, the termination of the provider in the Illinois, at least all of those we can clearly measure and show the change in membership from those and the changes that that has taken place since those steps have had a very positive impact.  So we would like to believe based on what were seen that a significant amount of it is due to those increase medical management efforts and case management efforts that we were talking about in the programs that were put in place in Q1 based on the results that we saw.
Michael Neidorff: Mary, did you have some added chat you wanted to give it to us?
Mary Mason: Especially with the intensive case management and the prevention of admissions and readmissions, if you look at Q2 2007 and compare it to Q2 2008 admissions for 1000 are down 14.6%, days per 1000 are down 12.3%. So, we feel all efforts of strengthening the core processes around care management and case management are working.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of the Scott Fidel with Deutsche Bank.
Scott Fidel  Deutsche Bank North America: First, how do you plan to report the Celtic environment on the membership schedule and how many members did you actually end up requiring from that that will show up in the 3Q results?
Eric Slusser: Were not ready to announce the membership yet, but that will be reported as a component of our specialty segment. So, it will rollup to the specialty segments and as we get into the third quarter, we will discuss in more detail Celtic sense it will be integrated with the business and consolidated to that point, but for now we will just wait until we get the third quarter results before we give a lot of specifics around that, a lot of additional specifics.
Scott Fidel  Deutsche Bank North America: Okay, and then just relative to the Foster Care contract, you mentioned that runs had a bit of lower DCP. Is that because you process more of the claims electronically or maybe just talk about the reason for that and what type of DCP does that business run out relative to the aggregate DCP.
Eric Slusser: Mainly, just because of the rules around the program and Texas pays faster than generally the rest of our Centene entities. Its really no more than that. 
Scott Fidel  Deutsche Bank North America: Okay and then just thinking about EPS in the back half of the year. I know your are not giving quarterly guidance but anything seasonally that we should think about and think about the 3Q relative to the 4Q in terms of maybe any budget and investments or cost that you have or in terms, how the revenues streams that come online in terms of how 3Q might look relative to 4Q?
Eric Slusser: Well we talked about the revenue streams from both Celtic and the new Arizona market. As we sit here today there is no unusual large things, we continue to invest in our systems infrastructure that we talked about in our Investor Day.  As always there is that fourth quarter, we start to see some seasonality ramp that we saw in last year. Certainly last year we saw it more than in the previous years, but I think you have to, as you move into the cold and flu season especially with your ABD population we have to be concerned about that, but beyond that the only others things out there again, as I have talked about Georgia rates. We will also have our Taxes rate increase but that doesnt come until September 1, so there is nothing really to report on that right now, but those are really kind of the remaining impacting things as we moved forward into the third and fourth quarter. 
Michael Neidorff: There was some small minimal cost associated with the start up of the Arizona plant effective October 1, which will be reflecting the expenses in Q3, but based into and all part of our existing guidance, no tactics around that so.
Scott Fidel  Deutsche Bank North America: Okay and then just with the Celtic. Did that look in terms of seasonality like what we typically see with an individual commercial plan, in terms of with the deductible ramp and then you see that, the pick up in the utilization after people burn through detectible and thats something to think about in terms of seasonality. Maybe more for 09 in the back half of the year or is it just not that big enough to really move the needle much?
Michael Neidorff: Yes, I think were still working with Celtic on the impact and your comparison to the rest of our business with respect. The seasonality and other factors, but want we did notice that Celtic has continued to be as if history continues to be conservative in the way that they book their medical expenses. So we have not seen anything adverse with respect to their performance in Q1. 
Eric Slusser: And we are also now starting to work with them on other products and opportunities that tie into the uninsured populations, so some of what youve traditionally have seen is the seasonality may shift a little bit.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carl Mcdonald with Oppenheimer.
Carl McDonald - Oppenheimer & Co: Could you comment on the M&A environment in Medicaid, willingness to sellers to sell in the current economic environment? Were valuations expectations are and would be willing to take the debt-to-cap?
Jesse Hunter: Yes, Jesse Hunter here, I mean, obviously your acquisitions are an important part of our criteria, on our growth criterias and we continue to look at that in a disciplined way and, weve spent through a handful of these various economic cycles in the past and while there is some moderation, I would say activity in the down cycle. We have not seen our pipeline joining up by any means.  We continue to have, as weve said for a number of quarters now more things to evaluate that we could reasonably execute. So we have not seen any adverse effects from the economics and as we talked about before there is a possibility for decrease year membership and further growth opportunities in Medicaid in the down economy. So we think that continues to create opportunities longer term.
Eric Slusser:
 : As I indicated the investor conference to issue equity given were the stock price is at , but going forward as we look at deals again we are not going to pass up anything trying that we see as a good opportunity. So we are willing to take the short-term leverage on any type of transaction.
 : As I indicated the investor conference to issue equity given were the stock price is at , but going forward as we look at deals again we are not going to pass up anything trying that we see as a good opportunity. So we are willing to take the short-term leverage on any type of transaction.
Carl McDonald - Oppenheimer & Co: Could you provide an update on the timing of the MSS systems realignment?
Eric Slusser:
 :
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg Nersessian with Credit Suisse.
Greg Nersessian  Credit Suisse: Yes, good morning. My first question is; was it the admin fees were down a couple of million bucks sequentially. Is there something seasonal in there or was this under contractual. If you could just - I guess what is the appropriate run rate going forward for that, for that number?
Eric Slusser: You say admin; you are talking about G&A?
Greg Nersessian  Credit Suisse: No, the admin fees, the service fees, they were $20.5 million in the first quarter and there were $18.5 million in the second quarter?
Eric Slusser: Hold on just a second.
Greg Nersessian  Credit Suisse: The fee based revenue.
Eric Slusser: Service fees, Im sorry, excuse me. Nothing, weve continually seen some decline there mostly as weve lost a couple of corporate customers, large corporate customers in one of our specialty businesses that we continue to see some decline thats driving the year-over-year decline in that.
Greg Nersessian  Credit Suisse: Is that the pharmacy fees? 
Eric Slusser: No, that is mostly its Nurtur I believe, our health management business.
Greg Nersessian  Credit Suisse: Okay and then there was an increase
Eric Slusser:
 :
Greg Nersessian  Credit Suisse: So, was that 18.5, that changed above ride for the run rate going forward? 
Eric Slusser: Yes.
Greg Nersessian  Credit Suisse: Okay, and then, there was a jump in the accounts payable on the balance sheet, just sequentially. Does that have to do with this change in the banks or what regard?
Eric Slusser: Yes approximately $30 million of that is due to that issue, because when we had to re-clash that account, you basically increased your cash and accrued it your accounts payable line items. So $30 million of that change is due to that entry we had to make at the end of June.
Greg Nersessian  Credit Suisse: And then my question was just, I guess bigger picture. Starting to hear some rumblings about the second stimulus bill that includes an FMAP adjustment for State Medicaid ages, I guess if you could just comment on, in your conservations with the States currently in the absence of the any of that kind of federal relief are you seeing States contemplating any changes to average ability levels, or anything like that that may impact your enrollment going forward or any benefit designed changes that that I are worth mentioning?
Eric Slusser: No, the only thing we are hearing is more and more discussion about of alternative approaches to cover the uninsured and as a very high, there is lot of activity in that. Greg, there is 25-30 states that have some various legislation they are looking at in that area. So, in contrary I think they are just trying to figure that out and I think we continually to view the industry as a part of solution, that saving some money. So, weve not heard anything specific in our states, Mark anything you were aware of?
Michael Neidorff: No, at this point we havent heard anything as detailed as a changing eligibility or benefit structure. I think it is a little too early.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Rex with J.P. Morgan. 
John Rex - J.P. Morgan:  Two questions here. First, give your early thoughts on the rate renewal process for Texas, I guess thats coming up here and its a non Foster Care Texas and just what your expectations are in terms of the net increases there?
Jesse Hunter:
 :
Eric Slusser: Nothing else to add, its just ongoing negotiations, but we expect dont to be ready by September 1.
Jesse Hunter: Weve had the ability to work with the State constructive. With the market sharing approach they take, we find that to be a very constructive approach, so well just continue to work through as we have historically. 
John Rex - J.P. Morgan:  Okay and then on Georgia, so I guess with draft rates and if you aware of those and is the net impact, is that sufficient to improve the loss ratio there, is it maintain. Just kind of whats the broad view on the impact on loss ratio on that market with the rates that youve seen so far?
Mark Eggert: Well, this is Mark Eggert. Were anticipating some improvement, but modest and were still negotiation with the States, so its a little early yet to know how were going to come up.
John Rex - J.P. Morgan: No, so like just want to make sure understand that could be, you said the rates are into CMS for approval, but then you said you are also negotiating the state. Help me understand kind of where it is in the process?
Mark Eggert:  Well we havent been presented an amendment from the state, so there is no final agreement about what the rates will be. We are still negotiating with them, if it requires returning to CMS then we expect that to happen.
Jesse Hunter: Well, I think whats important is, the rates always help off course that its supposed to, but of the medical management and the other things weve been doing in our State that makes the material deference in the margin. So I think its a combination of things John thats that allowed and this is, and then its all built into the existing guidance.
John Rex - J.P. Morgan:
 :
Jesse Hunter: I would say in (inaudible) we tend to look at it, if the benefit of portfolio is. Im not going to disclose what will -- how we feel about what the States taking us about until we resolve it and finalize I mean thats not a signal I want to sent, that we want to sent, but I would say across our whole book of business, our average rates are reflecting our expectations.
John Rex - J.P. Morgan: And whats left in South Carolina in terms of the fee-based businesses, I mean with respect that you acquired there. So you seem kind of -- this is all risk bases you are showing it now and I think we had fee-based before. Help me understand kind of whats left to run that side?
Eric Slusser: Jesse?
Jesse Hunter: As you recall we acquired a couple of the fee-based or risk sharing agreement. At this point all of those numbers have been fully converted to risks, so there is no remaining fee-based business.
John Rex - J.P. Morgan: Okay, so this is it and then has there been -- kind of when you think about that membership that you acquired, can you give us a sense on kind of what you converted and then I assume this is a combination of conversion from what you acquired and also just new enrollment that youve added, is that fair?
Jesse Hunter: That is fair, I mean obviously
John Rex - J.P. Morgan: How would you think about kind of what effectively converted from the acquisitions?
Jesse Hunter: Well I think we talked about this at the investor conference a month or so ago and basically what we looked at is, in the neighborhood -- I dont know the exact numbers -- in the neighborhood of 18,000 members that we converted and when we looked at it, we also talked about what that meant from a net price perspective in terms of the acquired membership which was $475 a member. We wish we had more yes, but it turned out to be a very efficient to enter the market.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And your next question comes from the line of Matt Perry with Wachovia Capital Market.
Matt Perry - Wachovia Capital Market: Hi, good morning. I have just a couple of questions; first, I mean youve received a rate increase in Ohio and it sounds like your in negotiations in Georgia and Texas and I know you dont want to disclose kind of how those negotiations are going, but can you comment at all on whether the weak economy has kind of had any impact on rate discussions in those states or any other states as you see it now?
Michael Neidorff: That is we are typically, were focused on our utilization on encounters and data and whats required to maintain actuary sound rates and thats the focus weve been taking and I think the state tends to be look at it in that manner and so were not seeing -- obviously were sensitive to the economic environment.  Some of the income tax issues will continue to hit the states, but the property taxes I think tend to hit more at the county and city level. Some of the sales taxes, county and city level, so theres a combination of things there, but once again when you apply the solution Matt, that tends to help.
Matt Perry - Wachovia Capital Market: Okay, and then just the second and final question I have is Congress past -- I think it was last week, a Medicare bill which was previously thought might be very challenging to past; do you have any kind of renewed optimism or more or change in outlook about an SCHIP bill getting passed anytime in the next several months?
Michael Neidorff: I think to speculator -- our planning assumptions are that to do that pre-election maybe difficult and so were not building a lot of SCHIP expectation into our planning assumptions.
Operator: At this time there are no questions in queue.
Michael Neidorff: Well, we want to thank everybody for your time, attention and look forward to talking to you in another 90 days or so. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-22 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Ed Kroll - SVP of Finance and IR Michael Neidorff - Chairman and CEO Eric Slusser - EVP and CFO Jesse Hunter - SVP, Corporate Development Mary Mason - SVP and Chief Medical Officer Mark Eggert - EVP, Health Plans
Analyst: Greg Nersessian - Credit Suisse Josh Raskin - Lehman Brothers Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank Carl Mcdonald - Oppenheimer John Rex - Bear Stearns Darren Miller - Goldman Sachs Bill Georges - JPMorgan Matt Perry - Wachovia Capital Markets Tom Carroll - Stifel Nicolaus
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jennifer, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Centene Corporation first quarter 2008 financial results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Ed Kroll, Senior Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations. You may begin your conference sir. 
Edmund Kroll: Thank you Jenifer and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining todays call. You should all have a copy of the press release issued this morning. If you have not received it, please call Libby Abelt at 212-759-5665 and it will sent to you immediately. Michael Neidorff, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Centene, and Eric Slusser, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Centene, will host this mornings call. The call is expected to last about 45 minutes, and may also be accessed through our website at www.centene.com. A replay will be available shortly after this calls completion also on our website or by dialing 800-642-1687 in the US and Canada, or 706-645-9291 from overseas and entering access code 41656800.  Any remarks that Centene may make about future expectations, plans, and prospects, constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provision under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in Centenes Form 10-Q dated today April 22, 2008, and other public SEC filings. Centene anticipates that subsequent events and developments will cause its estimates to change. While the company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. I also want to remind everybody once again that our 2008 Annual Investor day is in New York City on June 3, we hope to see you all there.  With that I will turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO Michael Neidorff. Michael?
Michael Neidorff: Thank you Ed. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining this morning's call. The start time of our earnings call today is 30 minutes earlier than usual for Centene. We changed it to avoid schedule conflicts and accommodate our stock holders, other investors and analysts. We expect to return to our usual day and time for the next quarterly report. I'll briefly review the highlights of the quarter and then turn the call over to Eric for his comments on the financials. Consistent with our policy over the last several quarters now, we have the members of our senior management team available to answer your questions. As we have indicated in our March 19th press release, higher than expected medical cost in Ohio ABD population and a heavy flu season across all of our markets adversely impacted our HBR in the first quarter, and we missed the low end of our $0.59 to $0.64 guiding range by $0.02. CDC reports coincide with ER and pharmacy cost consistent with a flu epidemic. But aside from these items, and an extended full risk enrollment ramp in South Carolina, our other markets and products performed generally inline with expectations. We are also encouraged that in March we did offset part of the $0.03 to $0.04 shortfall from January and February that we indicated was an issue in the March 19th release. The flu has subsided and should not affect our second quarter. Our primary focus for now is improving the margins on our existing book of business. Ohio ABD negatively impacted our performance in the first quarter; we are taken aggressive and appropriate actions in Ohio to improve the margins at our ABD population including exiting the northwest region and streamline our network in the Northeast. But I however want to make one thing clear. We remained committed to serving the health access and manage for the needs of our customers. But we are also committed to doing so in-markets and with products that produce consistent and adequate returns for our stockholders. We will take further actions in Ohio and elsewhere to achieve this primary goal. Next I will comment on new opportunities, with several new growth initiatives already underway, Texas Foster Care, Florida and South Carolina. We can and should be selective in choosing new growth projects to bid on. For example, of the three visible RSV opportunities currently in play. We chose to bid only in Arizona. This is the state we already do business in and the market we know. We did not bid on Tennessees latest (Inaudible) as the cost and rate structure in Tennessee did not conform with our return requirement. We also did not respond to the Florida Healthy Kids [RFB] though we see opportunities in other Florida programs with our access health investment there. We will be focused in discipline pursuing new opportunities. Our recent Celtic Insurance transaction is an important strategic move for us. It has become clear in the current political climate that there will be various government programs offered for the 47 million uninsured. Celtic gives us an ability to help states solve lack of coverage problems for all categories of the uninsured. To put this in perspective, about 20% of the 47 million uninsured are Medicaid eligible, 80% or 38 million are not. Celtic gives us the products and capabilities to address the full continuum of the uninsured from below 180% of the poverty, level to those above, as well as small group uninsured that fall into this category. Celtic will be a nice complement to our existing Medicaid health plans, and offers additional opportunities for our specialty business. We look forward to completing this transaction in the third quarter of 2008. The pending Celtic transaction will be more fully discussed later today on the webcast of our annual shareholders' meeting. Let me comment on a few other highlights before I turn the call over to Eric to review our financials. One, we are very pleased to have started our innovative Texas Foster Care contract, and that I just referred to as expected on April 1st. Two, we are also pleased with our excess health investment in Florida that is growing to 92,700 members, and we expect to begin the transition to a full-risk health plan later this year. Three, the recent momentum in South Carolina has shifted to the positive for Centene. We are now approved in 29 counties and anticipate significant growth in full-risk lives in Q2. Finally, our new business pipeline is full and for access the luxury to be selective and prudent in maintaining our growth as I said among them. With that I will turn it over to Eric.
Eric Slusser: Thank you, Michael and good morning everyone. Before I recap the highlights of the 2008 first quarter, I would like to point out a change in our reporting format that is part of our ongoing effort to provide greater transparency in our financial reporting. Effective with this quarters results, we are reporting and guiding to a consolidated HBR, a change that many of you have requested and which should make your financial modeling of Centene more user-friendly. I would also like to remind you that the first quarter 2008 results include $20.8 million in revenue and $0.28 of diluted earnings per share for the retroactive 2007 rate increases and adjustments in Georgia. Revenue, net of premium taxes grew to $794 million, which represents 22.8% growth compared to the first quarter of 2007. This increase was primarily driven by overall membership growth in Texas, ABD growth in Ohio and previously announced rate increases including the $20.8 million of Georgia revenue recognized in the quarter as discussed previously.  I reported consolidated health benefit rate ratio or HBR as we call it, was 83% for the 2008 first quarter compared to 84.6% in the 2007 first quarter and 85.4% in the 2007 fourth quarter. However, if you were to remove the $20.8 million of Georgia revenue recorded in this quarter from the HBR calculation, and put it in the appropriate quarters in 2007 that it related to, our HBR actually trended upward approximately 100 basis points compared to the 2007 fourth quarter. I will be using that increased trend as a basis for the remaining HBR discussion as it is more reflective of the first quarter medical cost trends. The increased medical cost in the first quarter resulted primarily from the continued under performance in our Ohio ABD markets particularly in the North West and North East regions, and a much worst than expected flu season. The first quarter increased HBR trend was partially offset by rate increases in Wisconsin, Indiana and Ohio and modest medical management improvements in Georgia. During this quarter, the gross margin contribution for the Ohio ABD markets was significantly lower than our expectations. Due to the continued underperformance in the Ohio ABD markets, we have taken the following actions with respect to ABD operations in the Ohio market. First, effective July 1, we will be withdrawing from ABD coverage in the North West region of Ohio, which serves approximately 4800 members. We do not believe this region can produce an adequate positive contribution even with a future rate increase given the high unit costs and utilization in the region. Second, in the North East region, we have terminated a high unit cost provider and we will now be performing on site case reviews at all hospitals in the region along with taking other medical management steps to reduce cost and utilization. We will continue to monitor performance in the North East region, and our other Ohio ABD regions, and we will take appropriate action if performance does not improve. In our core Medicaid business, medical costs were up in the first quarter as a result of expected seasonality, and the effects from a flu season that exceeded all expectations. While it is difficult to measure the exact impacts from a flu season, we do know that it had a significant impact on the first quarter above and beyond the effects of normal seasonality. Specifically, we have seen increased emergency room utilization from flu-related diagnosis, increased pharmacy utilization including the drug Tamiflu and increased inpatient admissions for flu-related symptoms. The flu incidents have subsided in April, and our medical management team is continuing to focus on effective case management for high cost members including more extensive onsite reviews by medical management personnel, preventing hospital readmissions, and reducing emergency room visits by providing by specialized care to members. We remained confident that the medical management initiatives we are putting place will gain better attraction in the balance of 2008 and help drive HBR improvement. Turning to our general and administrative expenses, the general and administrative expense ratio for the first quarter of 2008 was 12.5%, compared to 13.4% in the first quarter of 2007. This decrease in the G&A ratio reflects our continued focus on better leveraging and reducing G&A cost as well as the positive effects on the ratio from the Georgia rate increase reported in the first quarter. The G&A ratio decrease is offset by increases related to startup cost for our Texas Foster Care contract and for Florida and South Carolina operations. Our 2008 first quarter effective tax-rate was 37.3%. The lower rate for the quarter results from some one-time state tax credits received in this quarter. Earnings per diluted share from continuing operations were $0.57 for the 2008 first quarter, compared to $0.26 in 2007, an increase of a 119%, or 11.05% excluding the effect of the Georgia rate increase. Balance sheet highlights at March 31, 2008, include cash and short-term investments of $324.8 million and long-term investments including restricted deposits of $352.01 million. At March 30, 2008, cash investments held by our unregulated subsidiaries were $25.08 million. Our total debt was $216.2 million and debt-to-total capitalization was 32.8%. Our medical claims liabilities at March 31st totaled $347.05 million representing 49.3 days in claims payable, essentially unchanged from 49.1 days at December 31, 2007. For the quarter cash flow generated from operating activities were $26.7 million approximately one times net earnings from continuing operations. Cash flows were impacted by the timing of approximately $47 million of Ohio premium payments that were expected in March, but were not received until early April. That concludes my comments on our first quarter results. Before we open the call up to your questions, I would like to provide guidance for the 2008 second quarter and update our 2008 full year guidance. For the second quarter, we expect revenue in the range of $822 million to $832 million net of premium taxes and earnings per share of $0.38 to $0.42. This guidance reflects normal seasonality the April 1 start up of our Texas Foster Care contract lower overall market start up costs, moderate improvement in our Ohio ABD, HBR, and lower investment yield. For the full year 2008 we are adjusting our previous guidance. We now expect revenue in the range of $3.3 billion to $3.375 billion net of premium taxes and earnings per share of $1.87 to $1.97. The reduction in guidance is primarily due to lower investment yields resulting from actions taken by the Federal Reserve as well as the impact of the performance in the Ohio ABD markets. As I indicated earlier going forward we will be guiding you to a consolidated annual HBR. For 2008 we expect that HBR to range from 82% to 84%.  Finally, I want to spend a moment talking about guidance in general. As Michael pointed out last month, we have been reviewing our policy, our own guidance and have decided to change our policy after the second quarter. Going forward, we will no longer issue quarterly guidance consistent with our Medicaid peer group. We will however continue to issue annual guidance and update you accordingly. And with that we can open the call up to questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Greg Nersessian with Credit Suisse.
Greg Nersessian - Credit Suisse: I just wanted to bridge the growth rates for the first quarter versus the full year. In the Georgia revenue, I think you mentioned the first quarter EPS growth was about 11.5% which would be just under 20% growth in EPS for the full year. How do we bridge the 2nd 3rd and 4th quarters? If we look at the separate components, there is obviously the non-reoccurrence of the flu, but there is also some Texas Foster Care start-up cost in 1Q and some other moving pieces in there. How do break that out what components of the accelerating earnings growth come from the non-reoccurrence of those issue that impacted 1Q?
Eric Slusser: Yeah, Greg this is Eric. As I mentioned in my discussion there, clearly in the flu season we dont expect a reaccurance after the first quarter. There is that bridge. In the Ohio ABD we are taking those actions. We are exiting that Northwest region in July, so we still expect some performance concerns in the second quarter. We have taken that into account in our guidance that it will certainly lift us after the second quarter. You have the Texas Foster Care contract that you get a lift by the fact that we dont have investment in Q1. After Q1, also you have the start-up of Foster Care, which is in our number starting in Q2. There is a higher lift from Foster Care in the third and fourth quarter. I mentioned the Ohio ABD exit, and we continue to stay on top of our G&A in those ratios. I talked about on our annual guidance call which are lower in Q3 and Q4. And finally youve got the Georgia rate increase and the Texas rate increase and those are the items the piece is that bridge you from Q1.
Greg Nersessian - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thats helpful. Then you mentioned the lower investment income expectations for the year. Could you quantify, maybe what youre expecting from investment income for the year?
Eric Slusser: Well, what I will do is Ill quantify the change in guidance for the year, approximately $0.09 is attributable to the changes in the rates.
Greg Nersessian - Credit Suisse: Okay. That looks like about half of it. Okay and then just a couple of quick ones then. Was the higher specialty services MLR in the quarter due to higher flu cost? On the pharmacy side could you just talk about the higher specialty MLR, and any change in your tax rate assumption for the year?
Eric Slusser: Yeah, that was specialty, which again supports a lot of our businesses. It was driven by flu cost, beyond that there was nothing else significant of the higher drivers along with the seasonality we get in the first quarter with all our businesses. Beyond those two things there is nothing else in that MLR. Our tax-rate, I believe was guided to an annual range of 38.5%, and we would still expect it to be in that 38% to 38.5% range. As I indicated, this quarter was due to one-time tax credits, we expect it to be at back up closer to guidance in the rest of the quarters.
Greg Nersessian with Credit Suisse: Okay, great. Thank you.
Michael Neidorff:  Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Raskin with Lehman Brothers.
Josh Raskin - Lehman Brothers: Tell me about Northeast ABD in Ohio, how many lives is that the region?
Eric Slusser: Given me a second here, Northeast is about approximately 3,800.
Michael Neidorff: Close to 4,000 just under it.
Josh Raskin - Lehman Brothers: Perfect. Okay, thanks. And, then second I know, Greg was touching on this, and I know we go through this sort of every quarter, but just in first quarter $0.29 excluding Georgia, and then sort of a midpoint of $0.40 in the second quarter, and so obviously there is a decent ramp there, is there any way to quantify the amount? Just how much was Foster Care startup and other investments, how much was flu, is there a way to get there?
Eric Slusser: Well, I'll quantify one of the pieces, because in previous guidance, we said we had expected around $0.09 of investment in Q1. Our actual amount incurred was closer to $0.07. We would expect that to come down significantly in the second quarter as our only remaining start up cost. This will be the Florida build out which will continue, but it will moderate. So, we will have some but certainly not nearly the magnitude we have had in this quarter.
Michael Neidorff: Josh, let me add here. Without getting into a lot of specifics, I think one of the key things as you think about all the expense we had around getting setup to take on the Foster is program. Now we have the revenue from that offsetting that. I indicated in my comments that the [tide] is certainly in our way in South Carolina. From the second half of the quarter, we expect to see that continue to improve and thats going to offset the G&A. We're gearing for that. So, you have a series of things there plus the improvements in the not having a blue season. You add up those pieces and it becomes a very reasonable ramp on the 29
Josh Raskin - Lehman Brothers: That investment was more than half, so thats helpful. Tell me about the Celtic acquisition, from a strategic stand point in terms of the ability to improve what may have been  was it just slightly underperforming asset? I am just curious what sort of the expertise that Centene brings, what sort of the synergy? Are we going to let the company run as is and hope that in terms of long-term future regulation change we're going to able to take advantage of new population?
Michael Neidorff: I cant be specific but there are opportunities. Where the states are trying to cover, Indiana is an example. They have a program that goes from 180% of the poverty level and they are then close to next year. Its more of an individual indemnity type program like Celtic office, and we are going to see more and more states talking about that. As those become available we can avail ourselves of it. Where we should not go is before with that expertise, the underwriting, the whole adjudication, there is the whole system requirement for that. We see it putting us in a stronger position relative to the other 38 million uninsured. So thats a strategic value of it. We say dont expect a lot today, and in this year we said it's going to be neutral to this years earnings. But, it does not take very much of that new business to make it accretive and profitable. Anything else you want to add to that Jesse?
Jesse Hunter: No.
Michael Neidorff: Yeah. Does that help Josh?
Joshua Raskin - Lehman Brothers: Yeah, thats perfect. Thank you. Operator Your next question comes from Scott Fidel with Deutsche Bank. 
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank: Thanks. Good morning. First question just around Ohio and can you actually quantify what the MLR was in the first quarter in that market or if you are not comfortable doing that maybe talk about what the sequential change was in the MLR from the fourth quarter?
Eric Slusser: Yeah, this is Eric. If you look in our press release, we still despite going through a consolidated HBR, we still disclose our SSI membership. HBR and  in there weve disclosed that HBR was 97.5%. I wont get into the specifics of Ohio, but in those two regions, I will just tell you that it was north of 100% HBR, which is why we are taking the actions that we are.
Michael Neidorff: It drove that 97.
Eric Slusser: Yeah, it drove the 97 high averages because of those two markets.
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank: Okay, and then may be, just if you can touch on the CFC business, and may be an update on how things are tracked there relative to your expectations in Ohio?
Eric Slusser: For the first quarter, based on expectations, CFC performance was impacted by the same things, the flu, the seasonality, and if you look at the CDC stats, the region that Ohio was in, was one of the worst for flu season around the country. So, it was an HBR of higher than our expectations, but least today and based on the trends, we have seen where belief that that is all related to seasonality and flu and that it will be back second quarter more closer to our expectations.
Michael Neidorff: I think Scott, even you consider the flu as Eric said, that was the CDC numbers, was episodic. We also had well within our normal ranges. They are little increased in the neonatal rate there. So, these are thing that can, we really view as more episodic as it suppose to a trend and expected to come back.
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then I had a follow-up question, just in terms of the deciding not to bid on the RFB in Florida Healthy Kids, maybe if you could just elaborate little bit on what you saw in those bids, particularly was it any specifics around level of competition or the pricing, or the benefit structures? Some color there please. 
Michael Neidorff: You will certainly not see this company do something because of competition. We feel we can be as competitive as anyone, but I will ask Jesse to talk about the specifics.
Jesse Hunter: I will put those two, the Tennessee and Florida Healthy Kids. Florida Healthy Kids is really more of a timing issue. Obviously we are working through the regulatory approval process. There are some specific requirements for that bid. It will be premature for us to pursue that. That certainly youre interested in participating in all products in all markets. We wouldnt expect that to be the case in Florida going forward and that will be re-secured some point in future. As to Tennessee, we can spend awhile talking about that, but I'll try to keep it brief. Our experience on that was that you had to be at the low end of their actuarial price range in order to be competitive. We spend a lot of time in the market, particularly in the Western region. Our experience was that that market had historically well utilization based on all of our conversations with the state providers and other community leaders. We felt like the combination historically well utilization and some pressure on the hospital cost both with respect to methodology and the unit cost created an environment. We did not see the visibility achieving our target profit levels and other kind of deal keep performance metrics at the low end of the range. So based on that, we decided to allocate our resources to other opportunities that we think provide the better combination of probability and profitability.
Michael Neidorff: It's not like we are lacking opportunities.
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank: Right, okay, that's helpful. And then just one last quick follow-up, do you have an updated expectation for your enrollment for the full year in South Carolina?
Michael Neidorff: We have not commented on that. We only we said at this point is that we expect to see the conversion start to move ahead and we had a 29 counties now, Jesse.
Jesse Hunter: We have previously said earlier this year that we expected in the range of 15,000 to 20,000 of the members from the medical home to convert to full-risk. We still feel comfortable with that range and we expect that to happen in second quarter, and we also expect to continue to participate in their role out of Medicaid Managed Care state wide.
Michael Neidorff: I think of the other aspects when you look at the history of state and their rule out plans. Im not sure it has been right now except for us to ensure new plan forward and build our cost structures around what might be.
Jesse Hunter: And just one another thing to add and survey, as a reminder if that is not the South Carolina the state roll out is not an 08 item. So, thats going to continue to roll out into 2009.
Scott Fidel - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thank you.
Michael Neidorff: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Carl Mcdonald with Oppenheimer.
Carl Mcdonald - Oppenheimer: Thank you. First question, just if there is anyway to give us a sense of how much of the increase medical costs in the first quarter was flu related versus Ohio ABD related?
Eric Slusser: Yeah, as I said in the message that makes it very hard to quantify that number and surely to quantify you just dont have to review every case in the quarter. We have done quite a bit of work. In looking at it and I just hesitate to quantify something thats its really just estimated, but we do know that from looking at all the statistics and sampling a variety of cases that it did have a significant impact.
Michael Neidorff: And so the ABD lot of it is flu related and when you have a chronic illness and Mary you want to comment, that your chronic illness. You had a flu epidemic it that much worse in that population.
Mary Mason:
 :
Carl Mcdonald - Oppenheimer: Its safe to say, I mean based on the comments around the 100% plus loss ratio in ABD and the seasonality you talked about in the first quarter that more than half of it though would have been Ohio relative to the flu.
Eric Slusser: I think related to flu seasonality would be safe to say that.
Carl Mcdonald - Oppenheimer: Okay. And, then second question was you mentioned the Georgia rate increase. Can you, any early estimate in terms of where you think that rate increase will fall on January 1?
Michael Neidorff: I will ask Mark Eggert to comment on that.
Mark Eggert:  Thank you Michael. We are currently in discussions with the state right now over the rate increase. The state has indicated there will be a rate increase effective July1 and they are working hard to actually have it in place by that date, although they are making new commitments. In terms of the size of the rate increase, we dont really have visibility into that yet.
Michael Neidorff: We expect low single digit type rate increases in all our markets.
Carl Mcdonald - Oppenheimer: Okay thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Rex with Bear Stearns.
John Rex - Bear Stearns:  Yeah just on Texas Foster Care, I want to get an update on your views. You look at the remaining three quarters of the year and your updated view that that will still be a positive contributor. What kind of expectations would be able to get operating margins in line with traditional Medicaid business? I just want to see if you had any update on that.
Eric Slusser:  Yeah John this is Eric. Yeah, especially obviously it's ramping this quarter. We expect some moderate margin in the second quarter, but in the third and fourth quarter we do expect a return in line and I know there has been questions on this in the past and one of the things that may help you bridge this is  this was a little different process than going into most markets in there. Our team worked very close with the state on this and in most markets, as you know when you enter into a business the state is putt it out to the companies like us at a full risk and when they do that there is usually a reduction in the rates, so that the state can save money. The good thing about Texas Foster Care is the rates were built around the historical performance, and when we agreed and settled on final rates there was no reduction in those rates. So, that gives us comfortability that we are going to achieve that consistent margin what we would expect, with other businesses.
John Rex - Bear Stearns: And, when you look at the population actually even when you are bidding that, how much of the care occurs, may be out of network, as that population seems to move around quite a bit, sometimes out of state, even for week period of the time. Is that very significant out of network component and how do you approached that piece?
Eric Slusser: I am going to have Mark Eggert, respond to that.
Mark Eggert: Thanks Eric. The network built in Texas for Foster Care was very extensive and was watched very closely by the state. So, we feel we have a very good and very adequate network in Texas and actually dont anticipate lot of out of network care.
Michael Neidorff: And state wide, our network is state wide. So, we do have a state wide network, so if they move around.
John Rex - Bear Stearns: Is there much that occurs out of state for brief periods, if somebodys kids sometimes end up out of state for a few months at a time?
Mark Eggert: We havent seen that yet. I mean, we're only three weeks into it.
John Rex - Bear Stearns: Okay. Okay, great thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Darren Miller with Goldman Sachs.
Darren Miller - Goldman Sachs: Morning, thank you. Can you guys provide some more color regarding the timing on the Arizona bid?
Michael Neidorff: Jesse?
Jesse Hunter: Yeah, the bids were the final bids, I guess [a day for] reviewed at the end of last week and we expect to have an announcement at the end of May.
Darren Miller - Goldman Sachs: Great. And your current enrollment in South Carolina on a risk basis?
Michael Neidorff: At the end of..
Jesse Hunter: Yeah, I mean what we had, and we think reported for Q2, I mean we dont have that I wasnt there, it was 2,000 numbers.
Eric Slusser: Yeah, about 2000.
Michael Neidorff: At the end of Q1
Darren Miller - Goldman Sachs: Great. And then when we think about your decision to exit one region in Ohio and then to kind of go through some different strategies in the other region, can you kind of walk us through how you come to those decisions of what you exit and what you actually decide to stand.
Michael Neidorff: I only met with the provider group. We talked about the rates of your small component of that, and we talked about the medical management criteria. We had to start to implement to reduce the length of stays. You look at the average of the stay, where its appropriately medically managed versus other. If you can't get the policies right, not just rates, we would be left with no choice but to exit. In other markets, we would approve in some of the hospitals. We've achieved the medical management. We're looking for in terms of concurrent review, case management, et, cetera, so we though that we would be able to, we should work at the Northeast to correct as a whole series of criteria. Mark and I spent quite a bit of time up there and personally work for that past month.
Eric Slusser: And, I'd just add to that as I pointed out in my previous discussion that we will continue to monitor all those markets and again take action accordingly. We have opportunities to do other things with those markets and again the performance has to improve, if it doesn't, we'll continue to take action.
Darren Miller - Goldman Sachs: Great, one last question. Your overall HBR 82% to 84%, how would that compare to prior guidance if you to have provided that metric?
Eric Slusser: Probably up  its likely due to the first quarter results, but not remarkably different. We think based on our previous guidance we would have still fall in that range just to maybe a slightly lower mark.
Michael Neidorff: That mean the numbers I saw say we will be within that range. 
Eric Slusser: Yeah.
Michael Neidorff: And its a consistent range.
Darren Miller - Goldman Sachs: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Georges with JPMorgan.
Bill Georges - JPMorgan: Thanks. Good morning.
Michael Neidorff: Good morning.
Bill Georges - JPMorgan: I just was wondering if you could try to help us out how the sequential improvement in [MOR] from first to second quarter. First of all is it safe to assume that the impact of the flu will update entirely by the second quarter?
Mary Mason: Yes. We know it peaked we gave in the and according to the CDC in the East, North, Central region, where Indiana and Ohio was constant market are the once that were [hard at it] we are seeing and decide.
Bill Georges - JPMorgan: Okay. And then I guess in terms of the timing of the Ohio exit it looks like you are essentially going to be responsible for that membership through the rest of the second quarter?
Michael Neidorff: Thats correct in the one, but we have also implemented the enhanced medical management that we would expect to get some mitigation there as well.
Bill Georges - JPMorgan: Is it fair to frame the sequential improvement in MOR from one to two queue then in the 75 to 100 basis point range is that good ballpark?
Eric Slusser: That Id say thats probably a little aggressive given the continued Ohio -- again we clearly can see that the first quarter was due to flu seasonality, but that population has been problematic in the fourth quarter, where we did not have seasonality and flu. So, as Michael pointed out, as Ive pointed out we are taking significant medical management steps to reduce the impacts from that, but a 100 basis points might be a little on the aggressive side based on what we are expecting.
Bill Georges - JPMorgan: Okay.
Michael Neidorff : But the important thing is we are trying to, and particularly in the North East and other parts of our  and everywhere we have SSI, it doing things that is sustainable for (Inaudible), we really want to see it come down on a sustained basis, because that gives us all confidence, it can be maintained.
Bill Georges - JPMorgan: Okay. And if I could just ask one quick follow up, there has been a pretty substantial level of press reports lately discussing states funding pressure. Im wondering what are you seeing in the states that you are operating. I mean, most notably in California where obviously you guys do not operate, but are you seeing any issues in terms of funding issues going forward?
Michael Neidorff : No, I think what you are going to see obviously with properties, values and property taxes, and things coming down. It puts the states under pressure. But the way that they manage those costs is with managed care. So the states in which we are operating in, while I think there is pressure on us, but we have to continue to demonstrate that we are a lower cost producer and have to strive to do that. And, I believe that it provides more of an opportunity than a risk to us, longer term.
Bill Georges - JPMorgan: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Perry with Wachovia Capital Markets.
Matt Perry - Wachovia Capital Markets: HI, just a couple of questions, and one a little bit of a follow-up on the prior question. As you are talking to your state government partners about the rate increases you would anticipate to get in mid year 08, or third quarter 08, I mean, it sounds like you are not anticipating kind of any change relative to history and that you still think low-to-mid single digit rate increases, even though the state budgets in some of these markets might be pressured, am I interpreting that correctly?
Michael Neidorff : We are anticipating lower single digit rate increases. Now, we also know that they all have a fee for service component in their market and they do not raise those fees to positions in the [VRG's] or hospitals etcetera. at a faster rate than the desired rates of anything they keep them constrained to some degree. We will see when weve got some growth from that. So, I think you are going to see that they will implement programs to keep the cost in line with the rate increases as well, and of course we have to continue to demonstrate our ability, but they are more willing to look at the preferred drug list, the (PDRs) and look at it as a policies and practices that are cost containment. So, we have what, we used to talk about our margin protection program and thats where we ask for policies and practices that protect the margins as an alternative. Those are the kinds of things we continue to work on.
Matt Perry - Wachovia Capital Markets: Would you expect or anticipate that states might make the kind of recertification or enrollment process? I dont want to say more of a challenge, but do you think they may try to hold enrollment inline or allow some attrition to save money in their programs?
Michael Neidorff: We've, we have seen historically. I think you know that answer. We have seen historically, where states will change enrollment process from month-to-month to try and save. You saw (inaudible), so I mean you see that all the time. There is always something, and our trick is to try and stay on top of it and mitigate it, but that's the business win. Sure they are going, some stage it was going to, state will say, we changed this enrollment and these people will, until they realize that these people are still worthy ER, and yeah they are going to be covering some of those expenses through other programs. So sure, I would not be surprised. I could not sit here and say you won't see somebody try that.
Matt Perry - Wachovia Capital Markets: Right and then just one final question. In Texas, I think you received kind of a large rate increase, but partly due to a law suite that increased payment to providers, and I'm wondering, since that rate increase took effect, whether you've seen any change in margins in that business, I mean in that market either positively or negatively. In other words, have you seen an increase in utilization due to this increase in provider payments or is it kind of business as usual for Centene?
Michael Neidorff: I will ask Eric to add to it, but everything I've looked at in our metrics and as we reported its business as usual.
Eric Slusser: Yeah, I agree. I mean, that action was strictly just to pass through them, so it went into their unit cost, but we're not seeing any material changes in utilization or activity as a result of it. It's like I said, Michael said business is usual and normal.
Matt Perry - Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your next question comes from the line of Tom Carroll with Stifel Nicolaus.
Tom Carroll - Stifel Nicolaus: Hi, good morning. A quick question on the flu season again given that it was such a unique season this year. Is there anyway you could provide us with some type of admits per thousands statistics that illustrates how the flu impacted hospitalizations this year?
Michael Neidorff: I am going to ask Mary to participate this, but I think admit is one thing but there is also ER utilization, the ambulatory care side of thing, the pharmacy side of thing, so its  Mary you may want to comment closely on the admit.
Tom Carroll - Stifel Nicolaus: Sure.
Mary V. Mason: What I would say at least, I think one of the best indicators we can look at is that Tamiflu, which is the gold standard and antiviral medication. For example in our Georgia market, utilization was at 121% Q1 2008 versus Q1 2007. So, I think that gives you a good indicator of what we were seeing.
Tom Carroll - Stifel Nicolaus: Yeah, okay, I was just thinking that hospitalization and hospitals are the biggest part of the medical dollar, there are no admissions number that you can may be provide us?
Mary V. Mason: You know, it's a very complicated number because those patients can be admitted under a number of (Inaudible).
Tom Carroll - Stifel Nicolaus: Right, yeah okay, I see. Just related to that, do you feel like youve captured appropriate reserving estimates for run out claims related to the flu?
Michael Neidorff: Yes.
Tom Carroll - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, a clear answer. And then, quickly in Ohio, does your new guidance include any cost that perhaps would be incurred if you were to further limit your exposure in the state? So, if you pull out of somewhere else given continued medical cost deterioration?
Eric Slusser: Yeah, we 
Tom Carroll - Stifel Nicolaus: Thinking about that at all?
Eric Slusser: We feel that weve captured it, because clearly if the trend continues we believe that the savings well achieve from exiting will cover the cost related to it.
Tom Carroll - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: At this time there are no further questions. I would now like to turn the call conference back to Mr. Neidorff for closing remarks.
Michael Neidorff:  I want to thank you for participating in this call. We look forward to talking to you at the end of Q2. 
Eric Slusser: And, dont forget our investor day on June 3 in New York City.
Michael Neidorff:  Looking forward to that as well and those of you have, sometime we have an annual meeting coming up at 10 o clock, 10 to 11, Eastern and that will be webcast as well. Thank you so much for participating. Good bye.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call, you may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-04-07 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael Neidorff  Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Eric Slusser  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Christopher Bowers  Senior Vice President, Health Plan Business Unit Jesse Hunter  Senior Vice President, Corporate Development Edmund E. Kroll - Senior Vice President, Finance and Investor Relations 
Analysts:  Matthew Perry - Wachovia Capital  Greg Nersessian - Credit Suisse  John Rex - Bear Stearns   
Operator:  At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Centene Corp. fourth quarter 2007 financial results conference call. (Operator Instructions) Mr. Ed Kroll, you may begin your conference.
Edmund E. Kroll: Thank you, operator. Thanks and good morning, everyone. Im Ed Kroll, Senior Vice President, Finance and Investor Relations for Centene Corporation. Thanks for joining us on todays call. You should have a copy of the press release we issued this morning. If not, please call Libby Abelt at 212-759-5665 and we will send it to you immediately. Our press release issued this morning includes a table reconciling our GAAP financial statement presentation to non-GAAP amounts. Weve included that table for comparability purposes, because it allows us to present our 2007 results excluding the previously announced restructuring charge. We will refer to those non-GAAP amounts at various points during this call. Michael Neidorff, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Eric Slusser, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Centene, will host this call. Given our need to reschedule to this timeslot on short notice, our call will last no more than 45 minutes so as not to conflict with any previously scheduled conference calls. This call may also be accessed through our website at centene.com.  A replay will be available today shortly after this calls completion by dialing 800-642-1687 in the U.S. and Canada, or 706-645-9291 outside the U.S. and Canada. The access code for both dial-ins is 34562229. Any remarks that Centene may make about future expectations, plans and prospects, constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provision under Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in Centenes Form 10-Q dated October 23, 2007, and other public SEC filings.  Centene anticipates that subsequent events and developments will cause its estimates to change. While the company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, Centene specifically disclaims any obligation to do so. Finally, just want to give you a heads-up for our 2008 Annual Investor Day in New York City, please mark your calendars for June 3, 2008 and we will have more detail to follow soon. Now I would like to turn the call over to Centenes Chairman and CEO, Michael Neidorff.
Michael F. Neidorff: Thank you, Ed. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining this mornings call. I will briefly review the highlights of the quarter and then turn the call over to Eric for his comment on the financials. Consistent with our policy over the last several quarters, we have other members of our senior management team available to answer your questions.  The timing of this call and the circumstances are as unusual as you could expect to find. It is consistent, however, with our approach of providing information as soon as the results are clear. We will return to our normal time for the first quarter call on the fourth Tuesday following the end of the quarter at 8:30 a.m. Eastern Standard Time. The fourth quarter of 2007 was solid and we continue to demonstrate an ability to navigate the occasionally choppy waters of our industry.  As we alluded to in Mondays press release, we have been in discussions with our auditors throughout the week regarding the recognition of the Georgia July 1, 2007 rate increase in the fourth quarter of 2007 when we signed the agreement with the state in November of 2007. The accounting literature allows for recognizing revenue if there was persuasive evidence that an arrangement was in place. While we feel it was clearly there, and the state confirmed it, after much conversation we were advised that the approach we are taking is the most conservative interpretation of SEC rules. After final review, we determined that this increase of revenue should be recorded in the first quarter of 2008. Had we recognized this revenue in the fourth quarter, we would have posted even stronger top line results and improvement in our Medical HBR from Q3, the G&A improvement and good earnings growth. We also want to point out that we are not permitted to say what if and recast the numbers. Overall, excluding the effects of the Georgia rate increase, HBR performance was good. But we recognize the need to continue to execute on our Ohio ABD, HBR improvement program.  Ohio ABD, HBR along with the non-recognition of the new rates in Georgia, impacted our ability to reach the high-end of our Q4 EPS. HBR will continue to fluctuate, as weve previously stated, due to seasonality, the addition of new business to our portfolio and new membership. Year-over-year membership increased as the result of solid contributions from Texas and Ohio, that was particularly offset by declines in Georgia, Indiana and Wisconsin. As a reminder, we stated at the beginning of 2007 that the latter two markets would likely see lower enrollment with better margins in the year.  On a sequential basis, Texas and Georgia were the two primary contributors to the membership growth. We are pleased with the progress that we made in Georgia market over the last two quarters enrollment and our HBR is showing continued improvement. In Texas, in addition to the growth afforded from our existing products and markets, we look forward to the rollout of the Texas Foster Care program, which is scheduled for an April 1 launch. We remain confident in the long-term prospects for growth in Ohio for both our CFC and ABD products. We have always maintained that pure play Medicaid players have a competitive advantage over commercial HMOs due to our more focused approach. During the quarter, we launched the coverage of an at-risk membership in South Carolina. While South Carolina continues to be a promising long-term growth opportunity, the current ramp is going a little more slowly than we expected.  In Florida, we are still working with state regulators and expect to convert membership to an at-risk basis during 2008. Our specialty companies continue to perform well. During 2008, focusing on third-party sales of our specialty company services in the PBM will be a priority. One final note for those investors who review our statutory filings: As weve discussed on prior calls, these filings do not provide a complete picture of our performance, because they do not include or reflect the operations of our specialty companies for our portfolio space.  The margin that would otherwise go to outside vendors of specialty companies is retained by us thanks to our unique multi-line strategy. These inter-company sales are predicated on state approved contracts and all our companies are onshore with full visibility of their results. Our consolidated results give a more accurate depiction of our numbers, because they capture the margin that we may receive from our specialty companies. Its important to note that this will be further impacted if Georgia decides that they wish us to recognize the retroactive premium in the fourth quarter for statutory purposes. With that, I am going to turn the call over to Eric for his financial review.
Eric R. Slusser: Thank you, Michael, and good morning, everyone. Before I recap the highlights of the 2007 fourth quarter, I would like to point out two of the changes in our reporting format.  First, effective with this quarters results, we are reporting all activity associated with our former FirstGuard subsidiaries as discontinued operations. All prior periods have been restated to reflect this change.  Finally, as we announced on our last earnings call, our HBR and general and administrative ratios are now presented net of premium taxes. Please note that we have provided a table in our press release that shows our quarterly Medicaid and SCHIP ratios on both a gross and net basis for analytical purposes. Revenue from continuing operations grew to $777.4 million, which represents 25.8% growth compared to the fourth quarter of 2006. This increase was mainly driven by membership growth in Texas and Ohio, which are two markets that added SSI products in 2007. Our Health Benefits Ratio, or HBR, in our core Medicaid and SCHIP population was 84% for the 2007 fourth quarter, an improvement of 140 basis points compared to the 2006 fourth quarter, but an increase of 270 basis points sequentially.  This sequential increase resulted primarily from pharmacy and other seasonality increases, and an adverse premium true-up with the state of Indiana of approximately $4.2 million. The HBR would have been lower had we been able to recognize the Georgia rate increase in the fourth quarter. The HBR for SSI population in the 2007 fourth quarter was 94.5% compared to 92.2% in the 2006 fourth quarter and 92.4% for the 2007 third quarter. The SSI HBR is higher than we expected due to higher utilization in Ohio.  While the utilization in Ohio has contributed to this ratio being out of our guided range, our medical management teams continue to focus on effective case management for high cost members, preventing hospital readmissions and reducing ER visits by providing specialized care to members experiencing behavioral health issues. We remain confident that the medical management initiatives we have put in place, and the more familiar this population becomes with our managed care approach, will improve the SSI HBR in 2008. Turning to our general and administrative expenses: The G&A ratio for our Medicaid Managed Care segment for the fourth quarter of 2007 was 11.8%, which includes $9.4 million for our previously announced fixed asset impairment charges, as well as a severance for an organizational realignment.  A non-GAAP reconciliation removing the restructuring charges has been provided in our earnings release. Excluding these restructuring charges, the G&A ratio for our Medicaid Managed segment was 10.5% compared to 10.4% in the fourth quarter of 2006. Our 2007 fourth quarter effective tax rate for non-GAAP earnings was 24.8%. The decrease from the prior quarter was primarily due to lower earnings and increased percentage of tax-exempt securities in our investment portfolios and lower state income taxes. Earnings per diluted share from continuing operations, excluding the restructuring charges previously discussed, were $0.20 for the 2007 fourth quarter compared to $0.21 in the fourth quarter of 2006. Balance sheet highlights at December 31, 2007 include cash and short-term investments of $314.9 million and long-term investments including restricted deposits of $344.3 million.  At December 31, 2007 cash and investments held by our unregulated subsidiaries were $33 million. Our total debt was $207.4 million and debt-to-total capitalization was 33.3%. Our medical claims liabilities totaled $335.9 million at December 31, representing 49.1 days in claims payable, flat from September 30, 2007.  For the quarter, cash flows generated from operating activities were $37.5 million, approximately 12.4 times net earnings from continuing operations. That concludes my comments for our fourth quarter results. Before we open the call up for your questions, Id like to provide guidance for the 2008 first quarter. We expect revenue in the range of $785 to $795 million net of premium taxes and earnings per share of $0.59 to $0.64. This guidance reflects: Normal seasonality; With previously mentioned start-up costs in Texas, South Carolina and Florida of approximately $0.09;  The state of Wisconsins decision to carve out pharmacy benefits from our premium effective February 1, 2008;  Premium increases of 1.5% in Ohio effective January 1; 6.3% in Indiana effective January 1; 3.5% in Wisconsin effective February 1; And the cumulative impact of the rate increase in Georgia retroactive to July 1, 2007. As we expect to recognize the Georgia rate increase in 2008, our full year 2008 guidance has increased to revenue in the range of $3.37 to $3.47 billion, net of premium taxes, and earnings per share of $2.04 to $2.14. And with that, we can open the call up to your questions.  
Operator:  Your first question comes from the line of John Rex - Bear Stearns.
John Rex - Bear Stearns :  Thank you. I just wanted to understand a few more things about how are you thinking about the impact of retroactivity. So, you are essentially seeing $20 million of retroactivity, looks like. And first, I want to just focus on that number and how one gets there.  When I think about your Georgia premium revenue base and the quarterly premium, that would imply an effective rate increase of something more like 6% rather than the 3.8%. Im just trying to understand why that seems like a higher percentage than Im accustomed to in thinking of that premium base?
Eric Slusser: First of all, the 3.8% is an average across many different rate sales in the state of Georgia. The other issue is that as part of this new rate amendment, we are required to provide some additional services. And when you take into account those additional services, that bridges the gap between the 6% and the 3.8%.
John Rex - Bear Stearns : Okay. So effectively you come to the 6% for your guideline, the top line at least.  And then I just want to think about how this looks versus where you had been. If I take essentially adjusting your 4Q report for the benefit of tax rate, so taking the $0.20 to $0.16 for the tax benefit you got, and I bring in half that benefit, so its about $0.14 a quarter of benefit. Im getting to $0.30. I exclude the Indiana impact, I get to $0.36.  So that still implies a pretty big miss from the low end of your guidance range, if I just take a half a quarter impact. Or as I recall, the way you configured this, the low end of your guidance range assumed you got the benefit for the 4Q period, but not the retroactivity for the 3Q period. So why does it looks like such a wide miss from your prior 4Q guidance?
Eric Slusser: I think some of your numbers are right in there. Our previous guidance assumes that we have the full effects of the third and fourth quarter in that guidance for the fourth quarter results.
John Rex - Bear Stearns : But not the low end, as I recall, the way you described it; or is the high end assumed the retroactivity all the way back and the low end assumed only for the 4Q. That was the way its always described if I recall correctly.
Michael F. Neidorff: Eric said actually thats not how we looked at it. I have to avoid these what ifs, because there are some very clear regulations on that. So Ill try and answer as best I can.  The guidance had in retroactivity in the range, we also talked about the Indiana, there was a lot of movement in and out, and Eric has tried to help people walk through that.  So if you take out that, we also said that some of it was also some higher than expected costs on the ABD population impacted it as well. So when you take all that in when we were forecasting guidance, it was within the range, not at the high end of the range.
John Rex - Bear Stearns : No. You were always quite clear, the low end did not include the retroactivity for the 3Q period, only for the 4Q period. You were very clear on that. 
Michael F. Neidorff: Thats not how we saw it, John.
Eric Slusser: When we gave and reconfirmed guidance in December, the full effect of the third quarter and fourth quarter rate was in that guidance.
John Rex - Bear Stearns : Okay. And you just didnt update us that you have changed it to include retroactivity for the 3Q also at that period, at that point?
Michael F. Neidorff: Would you repeat that?
John Rex - Bear Stearns : So this is the first time that I am hearing in a public forum that the low end of your guidance range assumed retroactivity for the 3Q. This is the first time.
Michael F. Neidorff: We are saying that the range we gave assumes as recognizing when we gave it in December were the fixed rates, but there are other moving parts in there as well.
John Rex - Bear Stearns : But you didnt tell us that.
Michael F. Neidorff: We didnt tell you what?
John Rex - Bear Stearns : You did not tell us that the low end of the guidance range assumes retroactivity to the 3Q?
Michael F. Neidorff: If you and I talk about this maybe offline; we dont want to take time from everybody else because there is a time constraint. But we gave guidance in total with that in there and guidance takes into it many factors, and thats why theres a range.
John Rex - Bear Stearns : Okay.
Eric Slusser: The additional point here is that we had always in our annual guidance had that in there also, and if you take these numbers and get to where that would be with that Georgia rate increase, you will see that the annual guidance would have been in our expectations also.
John Rex - Bear Stearns : Okay. So essentially you are saying is we should add back the full $0.28 and the $0.06 from Indiana to get to $0.50. 
Michael F. Neidorff: We cannot comment on a what if. Id like nothing better than (inaudible), but the regs are very clear on what we can say, John.
John Rex - Bear Stearns : Okay.
Michael F. Neidorff: I cant say, do not determine them. I am not going to...
John Rex - Bear Stearns : As an analyst community we are just trying to assess how you performed versus where you had thought you would perform, and so Im not sure how we make that leap.
Michael F. Neidorff: I wish the regs allowed us to say more than we can. They are what they are. We have said we believe we had, and I said upfront, a solid performance in Q4.
John Rex - Bear Stearns : All right. Thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Greg Nersessian - Credit Suisse.
Greg Nersessian - Credit Suisse :  Good morning. First of all, I think I have to agree with John here. Your guidance was pretty clear that it did not include the retroactivity in the low end of the range, and in fact the 8-K that you issued in November when you got the rate increase, suggested that you hadnt even finalized a retroactive rate increase in the third quarter.  So I still like to understand that. As I look at the change in the 2008 guidance, is there anything else going on besides the Georgia rate increase in the first quarter that would lead to the $0.28 boost in guidance? What are the other moving pieces? Michael F. Neidorff We are quiet, because we are trying to be very careful. When we say we have spent a day being instructed on what we can and cant say. Its our tendency to want to say a lot and weve been instructed, thats why theres moments of silence because we are trying to think what we could say, Greg.
Eric Slusser: Greg, the 2008 guidance has been adjusted to reflect the movement of this revenue from the retroactive rate adjustment into our 2008 guidance.
Greg Nersessian - Credit Suisse : Okay. And theres nothing else that you want to highlight in the $0.28 beyond that?
Eric Slusser: No.
Greg Nersessian - Credit Suisse : Okay, fair enough. And then on the restructuring charge, I think you mentioned $12 million, and then was the $9.7 million just the asset impairment?
Eric Slusser: And the severance.
Greg Nersessian - Credit Suisse : The severance is on top of that, or thats included in the $9.7 million?
Eric Slusser: Included in that number.
Greg Nersessian - Credit Suisse : So you are taking a smaller charge than you originally indicated?
Eric Slusser: Yes. When we worked through the elements of the severance piece of that, the number came in less than we had estimated.
Greg Nersessian - Credit Suisse : Okay. And then the Wisconsin rate, 3.5%, is that net of the pharmacy carve out?
Christopher Bowers: Yes, that rate increase is net of the pharmacy carve out, correct.
Greg Nersessian - Credit Suisse : Okay. So you would have had a much larger increase ex- the pharmacy. Is that going to influence your specialty revenue, your PBM revenue now and your PBM margin? How is that going to impact the cost of services line?
Michael F. Neidorff: Thats going to be out of there.
Eric Slusser: Yes. It will impact that business.
Greg Nersessian - Credit Suisse : Okay. Roughly how much of pharmacy revenues in Wisconsin did you recognize? How much of the PMPM was pharmacy?
Eric Slusser: We have estimated that this will have an approximate $50 million revenue line impact.
Greg Nersessian - Credit Suisse : Is it the annual or the 11 months?
Eric Slusser: The impact to 2008.
Greg Nersessian - Credit Suisse : Okay. And, then, the Ohio ABD, would you characterize that as the only driver here of the higher SSI MLR in the quarter and what level of confidence do you have in that the rate increases in Ohio are sufficient to get you down to the MLR that you are targeting there, given some less rosy commentary from some of the competitors that are there.
Michael F. Neidorff: I think two things. One, we still have confidence that if we can manage that population and managed care as a whole program in place as we have done elsewhere, it works effectively. And it was the primary driver; the thing that would have the greatest impact on the shift in the MLR plus our various plans.  Secondly, the rate increase alone absent the medical management programs we are putting in would not be enough to bring it down in line; seldom would rates alone do that.
Greg Nersessian - Credit Suisse : Okay.
Michael F. Neidorff: So its a combination of the rate increase. That helps obviously, but then we have these other programs. I also want to point out that from our perspective weve had them maybe the full 60 days of being able to manage them...
Unidentified Corporate Participant:  Right.
Michael F. Neidorff: There was a period of time when we couldnt.
Unidentified Corporate Participant:  Right. There was a grandfather period where we were not allowed to move patients from their current drugs over to our preferred drug list.
Greg Nersessian - Credit Suisse : Right.
Unidentified Corporate Participant:  We are able to do that, we were able to get very nice downward trends in pharmacy, same with other services that have been authorized. But now with aggressive case management, aggressive leveling program not only looking at the in-patient, but also looking at the skills, nursing facilities, looking at the rehab days, we are very confident that working together as a team with our specialty companies we will be able to control these costs.
Greg Nersessian - Credit Suisse : Okay. Thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Perry - Wachovia Capital.
Matthew Perry - Wachovia Capital :  Good morning. Just a couple of questions. First, can you go into a little more detail on this Indiana true-up? What exactly was that and will it recur at any point in 2008 or is it done?
Eric Slusser: No. That was a one-time item that was trued-up in the fourth quarter related to previous quarters and a duplication error that was discovered by the state of Indiana in their premium payment process.
Matthew Perry - Wachovia Capital : So its simply a refund of an over-payment?
Eric Slusser: Yes, absolutely.
Michael F. Neidorff: Yes.
Matthew Perry - Wachovia Capital : Okay. And, then, Texas Foster Care, you are still expecting that to start on April 1. Do you feel like you have very good visibility into that, given the fact its been delayed? What am I asking is, what are the chances it gets pushed back?
Unidentified Corporate Participant: I dont expect at all that this thing will be pushed back. I will use your terms. We have great visibility into the process at this point in time and we are very confident that we are going to go live with the program and implement on April 1.
Matthew Perry - Wachovia Capital : Okay. You often discussed start-up expenses and even quantified them for new markets. And I am not quite sure for how long you consider something in a start-up mode. If I look at South Carolina, you have been in there nine months or so. Yet you are talking about start-up expenses in 2008. Can you just talk to me about how you think about that?
Jesse Hunter: Typically when, like in South Carolina, for example, we included the start-up expenses until we were licensed on a full-risk base. So thats typically what the cut-off point would be. Once we go live on a full-risk, it will be continuing operations as opposed to start-up operations. So I expect the same to be true for Foster Care as of 4/1. Florida once we start the conversion process, et cetera.
Matthew Perry - Wachovia Capital : And any discussion around the number of members you might be able to pickup in 2008 in Florida?
Jesse Hunter: We havent talked about that. Our goal is to initiate the conversion processes in 2008.
Matthew Perry - Wachovia Capital : Okay. Thats all I had. Thank you.
Operator:  At this time, we have no further questions. Presenters, do you have any closing remarks?
Michael F. Neidorff: We just thank you and I will comment by saying, I am looking forward to returning to 8:30 Eastern Time in April. Thank you very much.
Operator:  This concludes todays conference call, you may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-11-02 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Melissa Rose - Senior Vice President of Financial Planningand Investor Relations Steve Shulman - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Rene Lerer - President and Chief Operating Officer Mark Demilio - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Josh Raskin - Lehman Brothers Michael Glynn - Credit Suisse Melissa Jaffe - Merrill Lynch Michael Yuan - Banc of America Securities Brian - Raymond James
Operator: Ladies and Gentlemen, thank you for standing by. At thistime all participants are in a listen only mode (Operator Instructions).Today's conference is being recorded. If anyone has any objections they maydisconnect at this time. I would like to introduce Miss Melissa Rose, Senior VicePresident of Financial Planning and Investor Relations. You may begin.
Melissa Rose: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to Magellan's ThirdQuarter 2007 Earnings Conference Call. This is Melissa Rose, Senior VicePresident Investor Relations for Magellan Health Services. And here with metoday are Magellan's Chairman and CEO, Steve Shulman, our President and ChiefOperating Officer, Rene Lerer, and our Chief Financial Officer, Mark Demilio.They will discuss the financial and operational results of our third quarterending September 30, 2007 Certain of the statements made during this conference callare forward-looking statements contemplated under the Private SecuritiesLitigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are subject toknown and unknown uncertainties and risks, which could cause actual results todiffer materially from those discussed. These forward-looking statements are qualified in theirentirety by the complete discussion of the risks set forth in the caption riskfactors in Magellan's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December31, 2006, which was filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on February28, 2007 and also discussed in the 10-Q that we filed with the SEC later today. Also please note that in this call we refer to segmentprofit. A reconciliation of the segment profit is the most directly comparableGAAP financial measure. Please see our form 10-Q for the quarter endedSeptember 30, 2007, which you will be able to fine on our website undermagellanhealth.com investor info. I will turn the call over now to our Chairman and CEO SteveShulman. Thank you.
Steven Schulman: Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. Asyou saw the press release issued this morning, we produced $57.4 million insegment profit in the third quarter ending September 30, 2007. Based on thestrong quarter, we are raising our guidance to $215 million to $225 million ofsegment profit, for 2007 from $180 million to $200 million. The two primary items driving the stronger than projectedthird quarter results include $6 million of favorable pride period caredevelopment primarily in our health plan segment, of the of which $4.9 millionrelated to 2007 and $1.1 million related to the prior year. In addition, the quarter's financial results were morefavorable than we had originally estimated due to higher than projectedmembership and lower than projected start up costs related to our new MaricopaCounty Medicaid contract. However, we are focused on ICOR, given its continued lagversus expectations and I will discuss this more in a moment. First let mespend a few minutes updating you on the successful implementation of theMaricopa contract, which went live on September 1st. With analyzed revenue ofapproximately $580 million, this contract is larger than we had originallyprojected and it is the largest behavioral care contract carve-out in theUnited States for Medicaid. The size and complexity provided a significant operationalchallenge for our team, given a very short implementation time line. In only 59business days our team was challenged with building out a service center,preparing to take on 23 clinics and an urgent care center, and working withcommunity and the new governance board to ensure a smooth transition. I am very pleased to report that the implementation has gonequite well. Thanks to the diligent work of hundreds of Magellan employees. Weimplemented this contract quickly and efficiently, while at the same timekeeping up our service metrics for the rest of our Magellan customers aroundthe country. Our success is a testament to our national scale, our verystrong operational infrastructure and expertise in implementing and managinglarge and complex specialty managed care contracts. The local response forMagellan has been very positive and was exemplified in a guest editorial bySusan Gerard, the Director of the Arizona Health Services that appeared in theArizona Republican on September 28. Miss Gerard, stated in her editorial, they, being Magellan,are off to a tremendous start and we look forward to working with them in theearly phases of the transition and in the implement of their contract as theywork to serve the people of Arizona. In addition to a smooth operational implementation, we arealso very pleased that start up expense related to Maricopa came in lower thanoriginally projected. In addition, operating results were better than expecteddue to higher than projected membership and earlier than anticipated impactfrom management of the contract. As you may recall, wed projected that the initial month ofthe contracted would be less profitable than the contract would be at a maturestate, due to our expectation that we would not be at optimal efficiency ofmanaging care during the early months of the contract, while we have not yetachieved run rate efficiency, we have performed better than originallyprojected during the start up period. This better than previously paid operational performance forMaricopa during its start up phase is projected to continue in the fourthquarter. This combined with lower implementation costs are contributing to ourincreased guidance for the year. A final note on Maricopa relates to theprotest. The contract award was originally protested by the two other bidders.Both protests have been dropped. Other news in our behavior health business includes theState of Tennessee's recent announcement that it was releasing RFPs for integratedand behavioral medical behavioral bids for the east and west regions in mid tolate November. The state has not announced the award dates or start datesof the contract. We estimate, based on the time line of the previous award inthe middle region that the start date would be no earlier than the fourthquarter 08 and very possibly not until early 2009. We have entered into an agreement to partner with the healthplan to bid on the regions. Our partner has asked we keep its identityconfidential. It is important to note that we have had partnershipconversations with several firms and that we have chosen our current partnerbased on their strong managed care and Medicaid capabilities in our confidenceon their commitment to bidding on both regions in the RFP Revenues from our current TennCare contract equalsapproximately $275 million, which includes approximately $19 million that wecontinue to manage for certain populations in the middle region, even thoughthe rest of that has moved over to the other vendors. The remaining $256 million represents the revenue from theeast and west region. Approximately, $20 million of this revenue pertains tocertain children categories in the east and the west regions, similar to thosethat have continued to be carved-out to Magellan in the middle region at thistime. It is unclear if these categories will continue to be served by Magellanor if they will roll into the new contracts in the east and west regions. However, based on what has occurred in the middle regionwith this population, we think it's likely we retain this business on acarved-out basis. Let me also give you an update on our radiology business. Whythe implementation of the Maricopa Behavioral Contract has been a major eventfor us this summer it certainly has not been the only major implementationunder way. As we discussed in last quarter a call the CIGNAimplementation began in June with seven of the 15 markets beginning June 1st,and an eighth market beginning in July. A ninth market has been implemented inSeptember. As we stated in our last call, we expect four of the remainingmarkets to be implement by early 2008, with the remaining two, primarily ASOmarkets, being implemented sometime in 2008. In addition, our Empire Radiology contract successfullyconverted to our risk contract on July 1st. Service for both the Empire andCIGNA contracts have gone very well since the implementations. Financially thisquarter's care, as we had projected, was negatively impacted by the building ofIB&R reserves. While it is still too early for us to be completely becertain of the financial performance of the contracts, based on both claims andauthorization data, early indications are that the overall risk radiologybusiness is performing on track and within the range we had expected. Given that carving out risk for these contracts is a newprocess for both Magellan and for our customers, we are taking some extra timeto fully reconcile and analyze the initial months of claims. The process isworking well and we are developing a solid foundation for future analysis. With the implementations for these two large contractssuccessfully under way, we are increasing our marketing efforts and areactively pursuing new radiology management business for 2008. Moving to specialty pharmacy, ICORE's performance thisquarter has continued to lag our expectations. Our investment was predicated onICORE's differentiated ability to bring formulary rebates to the pharmaceuticalindustry. As we discussed last quarter our rebate business is performing ontarget. However, our distribution and consulting revenues are lagging ourprojections. We believe that we could successfully integrate rebates anddistribution capabilities into a competitively advantaged product. Distributioncontinues to be impacted by slower than anticipated ramp in our newdistribution contracts. In addition, both the distribution and consulting businesseshave not achieved their respective new business targets in 2007. The consultingcontract has been adversely affected in part due to increased concerns formanufacturers about having consulting relationships with the same vendor, whichit contracts to rebates. This is adversely impacted ICORE's consultingbusiness. Finally, our distribution, rebate and consulting businesseshave all been adversely impacted by the restrictions on erythropoietinstimulating agents, ESA drugs, in 2007 than we had originally anticipated. Earlier this year we had reduced provider-describingpatterns for the drugs more significantly than we had previously anticipatedand we are projecting further reduction in usage in the fourth quarter. As aresult of these issues, we are further reducing our guidance for ICORE in 2007and we are now projecting a segment profit of $17 million to $20 million. Clearly, this performance is very disappointing, andunacceptable to management. Given that we have not seen the growth in ICORbusiness that his we had projected for 2007, we have been aggressively workingon evaluating and go adjusting our strategy and tactics for growing thisbusiness, which includes going back to the roots of ICORE's historical successand focusing on the rebate market. We remain interested in the distribution market and will beopportunistic in this area. We will continue to focus on the rebate segment ofthe business and tie in the distribution where appropriate and feasible. As we move forward, we are also increasing our salesresources in the areas of distribution and consulting. This includes significantlyreducing the operational responsibilities of key executives in these areas sothat they can focus on business development. With our increased resources and improved focus, we areconfident that we are hitting the 2008 sales cycle with improved efficiency andfocus, which will drive improved earnings growth. While the ICOR performance isdisappointing, this year's overall business is thriving and we aresignificantly raising our 2007 guidance. Given the strong third quarter, we are increasing it, as I saidearlier to $215 million to $225 million of segment profit, including Maricopastart up in operating results. Driven by solid performance in both ourbehavioral and radiology businesses, we are performing in total well ahead ofprevious projections and we are projecting much of the strong performance tocontinue into the fourth quarter. Our health plan segment has been running favorably this yeardue to lower than projected costs and we have projected this to continue in thefourth quarter. In public sector, the increased membership of Maricopa andthe fact that the implementation and ramp up of our managed care factors inMaricopa are proceeding faster than previously projected, which will cause thissegment to perform better than previously projected. Combined, this strongperformance has led us to significantly increase our guidance for the year. Let me now turn the call over to our CFO, Mark Demilio whowill walk through additional details on the third quarter financial results,our 2007 guidance and our 2008 preliminary outlook. Mark?
Mark Demilio: Thank you, Steve. Good morning, everyone. As indicated in the press releaseissued this morning our segment profit for the third quarter of 2007 was $57.4million. As Melissa stated earlier, segment profit is disclosed and defined inour quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and our annual report on Form 10-K and isequal to net revenues, less costs of care and cost of goods sold, directservice costs and other operating expenses, excluding stock compensationexpense, plus equity and earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries. Included in the tables for our press release issued thismorning and to be included in our form 10-Q to be filed later today, is thereconciliation from segment profits of a line item income from continuingoperations before income impacted and minority interest. We encourage you toreview such reconciliation for an understanding of how segment profit comparesto that GAAP measure. Revenues in the third quarter 2007 were $558.1million versus$429.5 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2006. The revenue increaseresulted primarily from new business added the since the prior year quarter of$144.2 million, including the conversion of radiology benefits management ASOcontract to a risk basis effective July 1, 2007. Favorable specialty pharmaceutical management revenue of$24.4 million due primarily to only two months of operating results incurred inthe prior year quarter. Favorable rate changes of $9.4 million, same-storemembership increases of $5.2 million and other net increases of $3.4 million.These increases were partially offset by the loss of membership due to contractterminations of $58.0 million. Net income for the third quarter of 2007 was $25.1million or$0.63 per share on a diluted basis. For the third quarter of 2006, thecompany's net income was $21.2 million or $0.54 cents per share on a dilutedbasis. As stated, segment profit was $57.4 million for the third quarter of2007, compared to $54.6 million for the third quarter of 2006. Segment profitfor the nine months ended September 30, 2007 was $157 million. In the nine months ended September 30, 2006 segment profitwas $154 million. Segment profit for the health plan segment increased by $7.8million from the prior year. This increase is mainly due to the net favorableimpact of care development between the quarters of $9.1 million, which includesfavorable development in the current quarter of $5.4 million plus theunfavorable development in the prior year quarter of $3.7 million, as well asprofitability from new business and same-store member increases, whichincreases were partially offset by the impact of contract terminations. Current year third quarter segment profit for the employersegment is $9.4 million, which is $700,000 better than the prior year, mainlydue to favorable care development in the current year quarter. Segment profitfor the public sector segment is $11.8 million lower than the prior year thirdquarter. This decrease is mainly due to the net impact in the currentquarter of the Maricopa contract, including implementation costs, the impact ofdecreased membership from TennCare Middle Grand Region and other membershipdecreases and the impact of out of period care development with respect to theprior year quarter. As set forth our press release this morning and as Stevejust explained we have increased our fiscal 2007 guidance to a range of $215million to $225 million of segment profit and $2.13 to $2.39 of earnings perdiluted share. This shift in the range is based on the results for the ninemonths and the expected continuation of certain of the factors causing suchresults. In particular, the improved care trend in the health plansegment, which was demonstrated by the favorable prior period development, aswell as the lower care trend in the quarter and which we are now projecting tocontinue into the fourth quarter. The other major factor contributing to the increase thereguidance is the favorable change in our expectations for the Maricopa Countycontract, due to improved operating results, based primarily on highermembership and an earlier than projected impact on managing the contract, bothof which impacts will continue into the fourth quarter. And to lower estimated implementation costs substantiallyall of which have been incurred in the third quarter. While we did not provideindividual contract profitability as we previously stated this contract has alimit on profitability, which is 4% to 5% on a tax effective basis. The Radiology Benefits Management segment profit for thethird quarter of 2007 increased by $4.1million from the third quarter of 2006mainly due to results experienced from the two risk contracts, which wereimplemented since the prior quarter. As Steve discussed, the radiology segmentcontinues to track with our expectations and the guidance we previouslyprovided of $7 million to $12 million in segment profit for 2007. Specialty Pharmaceutical Management segment profit was $4.6million compared to $4.2 million in the prior year quarter. As you know, we didnot acquire ICORE until July 31 of 2006 and therefore there were only twomonths of results for this segment in last year's segment profit. The current year results were negatively impacted comparedto the prior year by the reduction in distribution rebate and the consultingrevenue from the ESA drug class and the reduction in consulting revenue fromcertain drug manufacturers that if determined did not continue with rebate andconsulting arrangements with the same vendor. As Steve mentioned, due to these factors and the lower thanexpected growth, we are reducing our previous estimate of segment profit forthis segment in 2007. We now expect this segment to generate $17 million to $20million of segment profit in 2007. Corporate and administrative costs, excluding stockcompensation expense for the third quarter were $1.6 million less than thethird quarter of 2007, primarily due to a decrease in fixed asset disposals of$1 million from the prior year quarter and other net decreases of $600,000. The total direct service and operating expenses, excludingstock compensation expense were 16.9% of revenue in the current year quartercompared to 20.4% in last year's quarter. This decrease is primarily due to ourability to leverage our operating and corporate infrastructure, as we added theRadiology Management and Specialty Pharmaceutical segments and the additionalrevenue provided by the Maricopa contract. In the third quarter of 2007, we recognized $8.2 million ofstock compensation expense in the prior year quarter we recognized $8.9 millionof such expense. The decrease is mainly due to stock options issued tomanagement upon emergence from bankruptcy, which were fully expensed prior tothe current year quarter, which was partially offset by a full quarter ofexpense for the restricted stock issued to management of ICOR prior toacquisition on July 31, 2006. Depreciation and amortization expense was $14.4 million forthe third quarter of 07 compared to $13.1 million in the prior year period.The increase is primarily due to current year capital expenditures as well as afull quarter depreciation of assets acquired in the ICOR acquisition. Interest expense was $1.6 million for the third quarter of'07, which is down slightly from $1.8 million in the last year's third quarterdue to the scheduled debt payments we have made since last year's thirdquarter. Interest income was $6.4 million for the current year quarter,compared to $3.4 million for the prior year quarter and this increase is mainlydue to increases in yields on invested balances and an increase in averageinvested balances. The effective income tax rate for the nine months endingSeptember 30, 2007 was 40%. As, the effective income tax rate varies fromfederal, state statutory income tax rate primarily due to state income taxesand to permanent difference between book and tax income. Our effective ratewill vary from period to period depending upon the amount of permanent to bookto tax differences realized during the period. Our effective rate for the nine months reflects ouranticipated effective rate for the full year of 2007. So our estimated rate of40% has decreased from our previous estimate of 42% due to clarification ofcertain tax positions on 2006 state tax returns that were filed during thethird quarter. Our effective rate for the third quarter was 37%, which reflectsthe impact of changing our estimates for the year from 42% to 40%. Turning to cash flow and balance sheet highlights, our cashflow from operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2007 was $152.5million, which was $20.6 million higher than the prior year period. Thevariance relates primarily to lower payments associated with claims run out forterminated contracts, with prior period and current period run out payments of$23.5 million and $8.1million respectively. In addition, the current year period was positively impactedby the build-up of IB& R associated with the new risk radiology business.Partially offsetting these positive items is the company's funding of $15million relating to the initial capitalization of the regulated subsidiary thatis responsible for managing the Maricopa County contract. The company will make an additional capital contribution tosuch subsidiary in the fourth quarter with such additional amount estimated tobe $30 million. In total the Maricopa regulatory cash requirements areestimated to be $5 million higher than what was discussed during last quarter'scall. With such increase driven by the size of the contract being larger thanestimated as previously discussed. Also, during the fort quarter, the company will make anestimated payment of $13 million to the previous unit quarters of ICOR. Thispayment relates to a final settlement of working capital pursuant to thepurchase agreement. As of September 30, 2007, our unrestricted cash ininvestments totaled $300.3 million, which balance consists of $278.5 ofunrestricted cash and $21.8 million of unrestricted short-term investments.Approximately $60 million of the total unrestricted cash in investments atSeptember 30 was held at regulated subsidiaries. We are projecting cash flow from operations for the year of$175 million to $205 million and net cash flow of $105 million to $135 million,which amounts are higher than discussed last quarter, principally due to theincrease in our segment profit guidance. In total, we expect our capitalexpenditures for the year to be approximately $42 million to $52 million, $32million of which were incurred through September 30, 2007. Based on this cash flow projection, our unrestricted cashand investments balance at year-end is expected to be $290 million to $320million. Again this cash amount includes unrestricted cash at regulated subsidiaries. As of September 30, 2007, total long-term debt was $21.5million, including the current portion of such debt of $20.2 million. The totaldebt consists of $18.1million of term loans under our credit facility, and $2.7million of capital lease obligations. Before I turn the call back to Steve, I would like tobriefly comment on our outlook for 2008. As, we will provide 2008 guidance inDecember as we typically do every year. However, we wanted to let you know ourpreliminary thoughts on 2008 based on our forecast and go budgeting process todate. While this process is not yet complete, we have estimated the impact ofthe several factors that will affect 2008. As set forth in the press release, these major factorsinclude new business, including the impact of a full year of the results of therisk radiology, Maricopa County and other contracts implemented in 2007, aswell as sold and unsold new business to be implemented in 2008. Terminated contracts, including the Anthem and TennCareMiddle Region contracts, which terminated as of March 31, 2007 and the EmpireBehavioral and Blue Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts contracts that willterminate as of January 1, 2008 as we previously announced, and the rateadjustments for 2008 with respect to behavioral business. Some of these rate adjustments are the result of next year'srates reflecting the lower care trend, while the rates this year were set basedon an assumption of a higher care trend than ultimately experienced. Other rateadjustments, such as the case with a recent rate change in our TennCarecontracts are a reduction in margin. We estimate at this point that the netted impact of theseand other factors is that our 2008 segment profit will be slightly less thanour expected segment profit for 2007. We will provide more detail on thesefactors and on you are on estimate of 2008-segment profit when we provide ourguidance in December. At this point I would like to turn the call back over toSteve. Steve. 
Steven Schulman: Thanks, Mark. Before we close today, I want to spend a fewminutes discussing our strategy and updating you on our current position on ourcapital deployment initiatives. Our strategy for the past several years, aswell as today, is to leverage Magellan's strong and efficient platform byaccelerating growth organically and through acquisitions to supplement our moremature business lines. Our flat platform is comprised of our operationalinfrastructure, customer base, management team and balance sheet. Our focus ison growth by expanding our existing markets as well as entering into new, highgrowth areas of healthcare with the goal of accelerating our overall growthrate. When possible, as in NIA's case, we have successfullyintegrated their total infrastructure. That is, their IT, customer service,claims, financial, HR, legal etcetera, on to our existing platform. Thereforethe integration work is complete and on the Magellan existing infrastructure. In ICOR's case, we have integrated their IT, finance, HR,legal, but not their operational functions, due to the difference in theirbusiness. Therefore, these integrations are by and large complete, and there isplatform capacity to add additional lines of business without straining theexisting platform and the management team or distracting other lines ofbusiness. Sound acquisitions are a fundamental component to our growthstrategy. As, we look at future acquisition opportunities; we will look atacquisitions that would add to our competitive strengths in areas of healthcarewhere we currently operate. And in addition we will continue to look for newareas of healthcare that would add new products to our current offerings. When identifying new markets in healthcare, we continue tolook for areas that meet the following investment criteria that we have statedover the last three or four years, markets that represent a meaningful portionof the healthcare dollar, markets where costs are growing at a faster rate thanother healthcare expenses, areas where costs are separable from other medicalcosts and are measurable, areas where we can demonstrate value through improvedoutcomes and reduced cost. Over the long-term, we believe this strategy of expandinginto new markets will create significant shareholder value. Since our lastearnings call, certain shareholders have expressed to our Board of Directorstheir desire for us to implement a share repurchase or dividend. We take thisfeedback very seriously. By way of history, the Board has reviewed balance sheet andshareholder value optimization at every board meeting in 2007. The Board heldits regularly scheduled quarterly meeting last week and as a standard in thesemeetings the Board considered various capital deployment alternatives. The conversation included a discussion of variousstrategies, including share repurchase and or dividend. In addition, the Boardreviewed acquisition opportunities. The key objective is to balance theacquisition opportunities with alternative capital uses. A recent critical environmental factor that was consideredwas the so-called credit crunch during this past summer and its changes in thecosts of debt, the value of our cash and the resulting repositioning ofstrategic buyers versus financial buyers. Given that acquisitions are key to Magellan's strategy, theBoard unanimously and firmly believes that diverse identifying our platformremains the economic and long-term strategic use of capital. They further evaluated various options in combinations. Forexample a buy back and the pursuit of acquisitions are not entirely mutuallyexclusive. Given a very active acquisition pipeline of opportunity, the Boardhas decided not to institute a share repurchase or dividend at this time. Let me emphasize two things, first, the Board has activelyconsidered our shareholders input and has given serious consideration. Howeverwhen considering the breadth of the opportunities in front of the company,including possible acquisition targets the Board believes that is not prudentto implement a share repurchase or dividend at this time.  Second, the Board will reconsider this matter at all futuremeetings. This discussion is not off the table and will never be off the table.It is simply been determined that at this point in time, based on acquisitionopportunities, the value of cash the cost of debt, et cetera, a sharerepurchase or dividend is not being affected. In closing, let me take a moment to comment on Mark'searlier discussion of 2008 guidance. As Mark stated, we are currentlyprojecting the 2008 segment profit will be down slightly from the new increased2007 guidance. We are still in the midst of our budget process. So let me please emphasize this is a preliminary estimate atthis time. Our next call will be about our 2008 guidance, which we expect willbe during the second week in December as we have done in previous years. Atthat time we will be issuing full guidance for 2008 including guidance bysegment EPS cash flow, et cetera. Thank you for joining us today. Let me now turn the callover to the operator for questions and answers. Thank you all for listening.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Josh Raskin of Lehman Brothers, youmay ask your question.
Josh Raskin - Lehman Brothers: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. Two quick questions. One, couldyou give an update, I apologize if I missed it early on, I jumped on when youwere talking about Maricopa. Sounds like higher membership. Could you give anupdate on the expected revenue run rate on an annual basis there?
Steven Schulman: Yes, we shared it. Josh said earlier $580 million. Higherthan we originally expected, but the membership is up.
Josh Raskin - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And on the margin side, I know you guys are capped at4% to 5%. That's post, that's after taxes. Would you expect to be sort of thisthat run rate for the full fiscal year of '08 at this point? It sounds like youknow you feel like you are getting better margins at this point already.
Steven Schulman: Let me not comment on that. We have said there is a range.We knew what the cap was. We expected the consider to mature over time and weare doing better than we expected early on in terms of our managed care impactversus the previous incumbent. But it is too early for us to definitively say where we aregoing to be we have had a month into the contract.
Josh Raskin - Lehman Brothers: Yes, that's fair. And then let me play I guess, devil'sadvocate. You spoke of the impact of the credit crunch on your throughoutprocesses around the repurchase and certainly understand the ability of othersin terms of raising debt et cetera two acquisitions will help you competitivelyin the M&A front. But if you look back and you have done two significant dealsone of them has been very, very successful, the radiology side, but ICOREcertainly lacking the previous expectations. I'm curious; do you take intoeffect, the inherent risk in acquisitions? Has the ICORE business sort changed your mind frame in termsof the relative attractiveness of other capital deployment areas?
Steven Schulman: Well, it's a fair question. Certainly let me just back upand say what we are seeing in the marketplace, not only the value of our cashis higher, the costs of the debt is higher. But we are seeing a return tonormal patterns, because the cost of capital to financial buyers has increasein their ability to leverage the company as much as they could with nocovenants has decreased. And therefore, we are returning to kind of a status quoanti, where strategic buyers have historically had a competitive advantage overfinancial buyers due to synergies and leverage, which was not the case over thelast two or three frothy years. And so, we see our opportunities in the competitive biddingand the pricing being better. We certainly do an evaluation every quarter onthe returns and investment what are our assumptions et cetera. From anoperational basis as I mentioned, we have integrated those companies. Our ability to do that and our operation efficiency has beenall demonstrated. And I want to make sure it is not a distraction because ofthe way we have organized our lines of business, everybody leverages thatcommon platform as much as we can. Then mostly what the SBU heads are doing isproduct development, initiative, sales initiatives, account managementinitiatives, et cetera, et cetera. We certainly take into account ICORE's performance to date.But I must tell you, we were challenged early on in NIA's performance and thatthing has rocketed beyond our expectations, we have increased the company fivefold. So, we acknowledge their issues at ICORE maybe re-evaluatingour tactics to the market we package from the historical strength, which arerebates only to move into distribution to get a bigger piece of the market. Maybe that thinking was premature. We are not certain yet.But we are re-evaluating our tactics in the market. But we are confident we arein the right place at the right time with the right management team. But trustme, we are working it very hard. We do put always the inherent risks anddiscounts on acquisitions when we take that into account. But net-net without the benefit of 20-20 hindsight, we thinkthe cash is so valuable right now and the opportunities are reasonable that weare holding where we are right now. And as I said every quarter reevaluated andthese are not mutually exclusive options, but that is where we are today.
Josh Raskin - Lehman Brothers: That's fair, and the last quick question is for Mark. Couldyou review the balance of favorable development that were booked in the currentquarter? I heard a number for the health plan. I think it was $5.4 million. Iwant to see what the other areas were up in behavioral.
Mark Demilio: Sure, Josh. The favorable in the health plan was the $5.4million of which 4.5 related to current year prior quarters. The employersegment had a positive of $600,000. And then the public sector segment had aslightly negative $1.2 million negative or unfavorable development. A lot of the public sector development was on contracts for,which there is minimum care requirements. There is revenue attached to that ofabout $1 million.
Josh Raskin - Lehman Brothers: Got you.
Mark Demilio: It pretty much netted out.
Josh Raskin - Lehman Brothers: It looked like there was really only $1 million that was outof period, i.e. relate to 2006 or before?
Mark Demilio: Yes, that's right.
Josh Raskin - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Perfect. Thanks.
Operator: Michael Glynn from Credit Suisse, you may ask your question.
Michael Glynn - Credit Suisse: Thank you. Nice quarter, guys. A question following up onJosh's question there with the cost of care ratios. Looking at the adjustedratios, with the favorable development, over the last few quarters, looks likeit's gone from, in the health plan segment, 60% level and now adjusted all theway down to 57%, which maybe looks more like historical levels. So, have we kind of hit a new run rate level, where it iswell below 60%, say around 57% now? And then I guess looking out to 2008; Iassume you are already contracted with the health plans. And now the trends arecoming in a little better than expected. We should be able to see this flowthrough to 2008.
Mark Demilio: As to your first question, Michael. I think the actualpercentage is higher than what you are saying. I think without adjusting we areat 66%. You have to add back care for the favorable development. It should behigher than 66% when you do that adjustment.
Michael Glynn - Credit Suisse: Okay.
Mark Demilio: First of all the calculations, but secondly as to whetherthat's the run rate or not. As I said as we look preliminarily add 2008 andreview the rate adjustments that have been going on in health plan, we alsoexpect that to be higher in 2008. We had rates in '07 that were based on anexpected trend of 6% to 8%. And the trend is actually coming in lower than that. So, weare seeing better margins this year than we would have expected from that ratesetting. As we set rates for 2008, we are now setting it on that lower trend.So the margin should be more of what we expect it to be this year. And so, thatwould be lower than what it is this year.
Michael Glynn - Credit Suisse: Okay, so the contracting already went on the assumption ofthe lower trends? That is what I was getting at.
Mark Demilio: Yes. Some of the ones that have occurred and then theexpectation of the ones that have not yet completed is based on the assumptionof the lower trend.
Michael Glynn - Credit Suisse: Okay. Then over to capital deployment. Given the creditmarket, it seems like the strategy to hold off on the share repurchase anddividend is really playing out nicely. Given that, and given that you continueto hold on to a large cash balance. Should, we assume that you guys are faralong with potential acquisition?
Steven Schulman: No. We are in various stages with a number of opportunitiesbut even if you assume we are far along, it doesn't mean we are going to get itdone. So I wouldn't assume anything imminent it's a lumpy issue. We had said,before we did the last two for about $330 million, we had looked at $2 billionof deals we were far along in. So, I wouldn't read into that and clearly as we continue tobuild up cash, what happens to the credit markets, we are going to constantlyre-evaluate the balance. But I appreciate your statement, because I think wewere strong in July, after what happened in August, we are in a better positionto be quite opportunistic and aggressive.
Michael Glynn - Credit Suisse: Agreed. Agreed. And then last quickly I was intrigued byyour comments on the ICORE segment hitting the '08 sales cycle with some of there-restructuring for lack of a better term that you talked about that suggestsyour strategy will be able to hit '08 sales cycle? We are not already throughthat? 
Rene Lerer: Hi this is Rene. The sales cycle for specialty dealsprimarily with health plan, so it is not a January date implementation timesfor ICORE, particularly on the rebate side is reasonably short. So we believethere is still significant opportunity for us to hit the sales prospects for a2008 implementation. Obviously January is a bit early, but we think throughoutthe course of 2008 we have opportunities for increased sales with all the lineswithin ICORE.
Michael Glynn - Credit Suisse: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Melissa Jaffe, of Merrill Lynch, you may ask your question.
Melissa Jaffe - Merrill Lynch: Hi, guys.
Steven Schulman: Good morning.
Melissa Jaffe - Merrill Lynch: Medicaid behavioral, recognizing you are busy ramping upMaricopa and you want to get that right, do you still see Medicaid behavioralas a meaningful growth driver longer term? And then also, can you give us a wayto sort of size that potential market? And you know, just given all thedifferent arrangements that the states have?
Steven Schulman: Yes, let me start off. But, in terms of long-term to answeryour question. Absolutely, that market still is immature, evasive, behavioralmanaged care. We look at we changed about a year and a half ago, two years agowe put a tremendous amount of resources in there, because we had lost 12opportunities in a row. We had the wrong team and the wrong set of resources, as youknow. We have really been hitting the ball out of the park in terms of we wonfour or five regions in Florida, we won a number of regions in the Midwest. Wealso changed our tactics on distribution channels. We went after not only carve-outs directly with states buthave won a number of opportunities as the subcontractor for health plans whodon't have a strong behavioral Medicaid area of expertise and that's opened upopportunities over the short-term Maricopa was the big event. We have to digestthat. Over the long-term the market will be quite strong The point we look at, I'll give you specific numbers offline but in the commercial world behavioral world behavioral health is 2% to3%, in Medicaid it is closer to 10%, given the nature of the people, a lot ofit is, people with behavioral illness cannot work and therefore it is causesthem to enter into Medicaid with a much bigger percentage. And you guys know the total dollars in Medicaid, I would say10% of that is our market and discount it for penetration assumptions.
Melissa Jaffe - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Michael Yuan, of Banc of America you may ask your question.
Michael Yuan - Banc of America Securities: Hi good morning guys I just had a question on TennCare. Iknow the Middle Region where you partnered with Blue Cross, Blue Shield, youbasically won on every metric except costs and that is because they weren'twilling to bid on a risk basis. With your new partner I know you are not discussing ordisclosing the name. Would you tell us whether they are willing to bid on fullrisk or not?
Mark Demilio: Weve obviously as Steve talked about during his remarks, wehave talked to lots of different partners and obviously, we are intimatelyknowledgeable and familiar with what happened in the Middle. So honestly, it isnot fair for us to except comment on how a partner would bid or would thoughtbid. But it was clear to us what happened the first time aroundand what it takes to win and what we need to do. But let's leave it at that. Ithink we are all very aware of what happened and why, and we took that intoaccount as we chose a partner.
Michael Yuan - Banc of America Securities: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Michael Baker of Raymond James you may ask your question.
Brian - Raymond James: This is Brian, in for Mike. I appreciate the detail on '08,guys. I just had a clarification question. You mentioned the segment profit for'08 should be a little softer versus '07. I was wondering to what extend youhave included the TennCare, are the east and west regions in on that? 
Mark Demilio: Yes, we have assumed we will retain both of those for thefull year in that general guidance outlook that we gave.
Steven Schulman: In the form that we have today.
Mark Demilio: In the form that we have today, so we have assumed no changein '08.
Brian - Raymond James: Okay thank you.
Operator: At this time there are no further questions.
Steven Schulman: Great. I want to we are pretty proud we had a great quarter.Implementations are going well. We understand where there are operating deficienciesand we are quite focused on those and I appreciate everyone's interest on ourbalance sheet optimization. I know there are lots different points of view andwe are aggressively evaluate it go constantly. Thank you for that. Thank you for your continued interest inMagellan and we look forward in chatting with you in December when we talkabout 2008 guidance. Have a nice weekend.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. Your call has concluded.You may disconnect at this time.
